Oh look it's like Ebony and Ivory all over again,? Excuse me Ebony and orange paint job on an old white honky. Oh how the wealthy find each other it's a miracle? I grant Thee the double douche award! Hey douchebags what about Florida?
Lmao
You loonies condemn Taylor S but praise Kayne the rapper ???? Hahhahahahahaha
Let's not forget eazy e in the white house with George bush!
So Donald Trump likes Fox News... Im in shock !
I dont know why left and right make a big deal out of this. They just having lunch. There is no policy made. The meeting is mostly about Kanye, his mental health and yeeze. There is nothing serious. Just meet and greet celebrities. I laughed the entire time 
Agenda: Pull cord on Kanyes back and watch him go.
Blah blah blah FEEEEEMAAAAHHHH
Kanye has crazy all over his upper lip.
We can't survive if we let them divide. Make America Great! Together!
Kenye West has claimed to be God. What is Trump doing?
3.5 to 1 views sorry  flops and Freaks your agenda is a lost cause. I know you are still in that China hoax cloak but the stock market is flopping and you will be mopping after the coming elections .
We should have picked our own cotton
Somebody take out garbage!
Kanye is woke af I think thats why hes socially awkward
be carefull KW, the left will drag up some false sexual allegation's against you, remember your now guilty till you can prove your not
Sooo, if you're a INDEPENDENT conservative celebrity, you'll get airtime. But if you're NOT famous, you'll get shouted down, ridiculed, mocked and discredited by BOTH parties? Nevermind Kanye NEVER declared he was a Republican.
He said that includes also separately 
Liberals and there hack media are the most disgraceful towards this. Go listen to clips on what they call both of them, o wait they are the tolerant ones, sorry I forgot. Vote Red!!!
It's a bit hypocritical to say that celebrities should stay out of politics and then accept them when they join your political cause. Nobody will admit to that though
Also, I will be releasing my tax returns 
Break out the tinfoil hats its Trump
An the Crap CNN is putting out about Kanye West an the Trump meeting
Wish CNN would get banded
Fucku  Kanye West
The POTUS said the word "Haters" lol
Global warming is why the hurricanes are stronger
Suck each other's dicks, shitbag.
The 2 most rediculous excuses of people to walk on earth.  Would just tickle me pink to squirt lighter fluid on them and flick a match.  republitards suck so much ass.  Progressive Free Thinking Liberals forever 
PUNCHABLE TWINS
I'm a dem an don't like the hate this president show towards half of the country,but with that said if Kanye make it good between him and Colin K that will be a plus to right HIS wrongs an earn some respect from the left.I hope the best for him cause he our president to.
I respect Kanye,.. he doesn't let his color be his handicapped. 
Blah! Blah! Blah!
Sounds like a game show host he is...
Man made hurricanes..wtf
I have been very concerned about the midterm elections. With the left increasing its activity all over the world, there seems to be something major coming from the new world order agenda. However, there is a lot of people becoming active in politics and the Republican party. Every where I go I talk to people and seems to be more people interested than I have seen before in the midterms. I've not met anyone yet who say they don't care about politics like so many times before. I have hope....
Just because you don't want to hear it doesn't make it not true. Someone has to actually DO something to help communities like Chicago instead of just talking about it before an election cycle then forgetting about them. MSM just doesn't want Trump to be the one that helps because it would ruin their "he's a racist" narrative.
Does everyone realize this is a distraction from the more important things right? Such as climate change. Everyone argues dems this dems that, republicans this republicans that but most of you are so warped by FOX and CNN that you don't understand whats actually happening. Please do some research rather than listening to this propaganda garbage.
Has Mr. President been informed on the reasons for the strength of the Hurricane referred to as Michael? Would he listen? Donnie denied.
one more black idiot make a fool of himselh
Why would I give 2 shits what this race mixing spear chucker has to say? FOX,  you're just as bad as CNN using race as a crutch for your sub par news stories.
Sending my check to CBN this morning!! VOTE RED 2018 2020,, Black Revolution Movement AWAKENING,, BOOM!! MBGA GBA love
I think he good 
What is wrong about him come on people's he great guy
My opinion kanye  west he did nothing wrong he smart man it just the way he take .he showing respect are President he show love because he American .i don't know why many another Afican American think he nut ?
The fake news CNN and NBC and their ilk are now the divisive tool  in America
WOW! West is an UGLY SOB!
Kanye West got it all figured out hopefully the rest of the zombie demoncrats  will wake up!!!!!
3 words that should NEVER share a sentence: "Trump", "Kanye" & "detail". KELLYANNE KANYE
Friday 10-12 day after Kanye at the White House. NOTHING at NY Times. They will not go after the Token Negro lol
I am loving It! I supported Kanye when he started speaking out and waking up and I am so glad to see the two of you TRUMP and Kanye working together and I am so glad you two hooked up! Loving it just so much love going your way. Love and Light to All! 0010110  VOTL!
Kanya loves superman.
Love the President, really much, a peacemaker he loves his country and the people. The best President ever, love from Denmark
The most lie telling President of all times cant believe he hasnt been knocked Off already 
Watch Yuri Bezmenov's (former KGB agent) video on YouTube called "Yuri Bezmenov: Psychological Warfare Subversion & Control of Western Society (Complete)." This video explains EVERYTHING you need to know about the plan to take down of the West.
Hes trying to get air time because Fox wont cover his silly rallies. He has nothing substantive to say, as usual; he just wants exposure.
"If I were to run, I'd run as a Republican. They're the dumbest group of voters in the country. They believe anything on Fox News. I could lie and they'd still eat it up," the quote said
Q ANON SGT REPORT 
This vid got me teary. He is amazing! It takes a brave guy to deal with the challenges of our country while dealing with the haters.
Hispanics fooled once,will never be fooled again!
Underprivileged Midwesterners fooled once,will not be fooled again!?
Black voters fooled once,won't be fooled again.
Stock market tumbling, FL is in ruins & Trump meeting with Uncle Tom rapper
Yup. Feelin like Superman in a hat. Welcome to Dumbfuckistan.
Trump is an idiot just like his supporters :)
The blacks beat the Irish ,after McGregor lost against khabib. Sorry Mr.President try to help brown people too ,be fair
FOX news = F A K E  news     Kanye West & Donald Trump made a F***g circus of the Oval Office.     Shame on both of those individuals.   For a great assessment of this event ... go to TYT   (the young turks) on youtube.
Yet again we see democrat supporters displaying their true colours and thoughts.....
DEMS. POTENTIALLY DELIVER VENUZEVELA'S DEAD END SOCIALIST ECONOMY, WHEREAS REPUBLICANS DELIVER "TRUMP'S BOOMING ECONOMY" (GDP GROWTH, JOB GROWTH FOR ALL LEGAL CITIZENS, FAIR TRADE GROWTH, EMPLOYMENT GROWTH, TAKE HOME PAY GROWTH, WORLD PEACE THRU STRENGTH, NOT THRU WAR & DESTRUCTION, NO ADDED DEBT TO TREASURY, LOW TAXES, SHARED DEFENCE COSTS, INFRASTRUCTURE GROWTH, MERIT BASED IMMIGRATION GROWTH, SAFE STREET/CITIES ETC.).
Orange clown & Kanye AKA Dumb & Dumber.  Both off of their meds.
Tell me Trump is a moron once again..Eu news.go f urself.
Hopefully kanye and his wife can reach normie America.  Logic and reason certainly doesnt reach them.  I understand that normie america doesnt watch or learn from anyone else than popular celebrities and pop media.  Kanye is mad as a box of spiders....  Even more obvious as he takes on the mob of sjw bandwagoners.  You gotta to be crazy to do what kanyes doing in his situation.  Good luck being another casualty of the normie mob.  Imagine how many ppl only watch cnn and entertainment tv for their intel now for the first time in their easy lives they might actually hear some redpill understanding from Kanye.
KANYE IS THE BLACK LIBERALS WORST NIGHTMARE.....PRESIDENT TRUMP IS DEMONCRATS KRYPTONITE.
The meeting of two super stable geniuses. 
I hope West gets back on the meds and receives the help he needs.
I'd love for Fox to comment on Trumps tweet from 2012 "Yesterday Obama campaigned with Jayz & Springsteen while Hurricane Sandy victims across NY & NJ are still decimated by Sandy. Wrong!" - this was 2 weeks after Sandy but Trump was offended.   Didn't Hurricane Michael decimate your shores yesterday before the celebrity back patting happened today.
Trump 2020.. Love you Kanye.. Keep it up...
Trump administration was taking advantage of a man with a mental illness. They should truly be ashamed.
Knte and Jim Brown re so right about the boring curriculum in our schools,....students are fed the SOS non-creative garbage... Time for  a change.
I love watching Fox and Friends every morning!!
You gotta be kidding me that there are still people claiming he's racist. And all the youtubers saying he's  gonna trade war us into ww3. It's a gutsy risk all the trade war stuff but we were ALL crashing  and burning  something had to be done.
Donald Trump is a racist because he refused to rent to black people.
kanye was high on crack, but hes cool. Trump2020
I have to call FOX now since they stopped playing my flyover state rallies LIVE and in FULL but good news is Kayne thinks I'm his DADDY MAGA! Meanwhile the DOW dropped 1400 points in two days and Ford is announcing massive layoffs after Losing $1 Billion to MY Trade Tariffs. SO MUCH WINNING! MAGA! MAGA! MAGA!
Oh boy Trump another storm and another chance to give yourself an A plus!  I wish Trump could answer one question with anything but - I get it, Kanye gets it, we're doing things, many things, I buy things, I own things, Kanye does many things, during the week he buys things.  Lmao- they can't keep the nut focused. It's hysterical cause we all know Kanye is quite the intellectual, what with his doctorate degree in criminology.
Mr President,  I believe the two conspirators of the US &UK are Obama and Prince Harry. They both mentioned White House Down. THAT WAS A TELEVISED THREAT TO YOU AND ALL AROUND YOU.
KANYETRUMP
The GREAT President Obama very wisely called Kanye West a JACKASS and President Obama was 100% CORRECT!!!
KANYE WEST SUCKS! I'LL NEVER BUY HIS MUSIC AGAIN!
Dr. Berry
I am a Republican who is ashamed of our party. The Republicans are spineless cowards afraid of getting rid of this fat orange traitor who needs to be locked up with the traitors at fake Fox news
Lol.
Great, nice, who cares? WHEN IS ERIC HOLDER GOING TO ANSWER FOR THE MURDERERS OF A U.S BORDER PATROL AGENT & SEVEN MEXICAN CHILDREN BECAUSE OF HIS OPERATION FAST AND FURIOUS?
The thing about smart people is they sound crazy to stupid people - Einstien
Nothing as sad as a mind in ruins. This idiot makes Trump look clever. Perhaps that was the idea.
Even Fox and Friends think Trump sounds like an idiot here. Lol
democrat hate free blacks
Im eating cereal dry out of the box watching fox like a true American.
I don't care, what anyone says...
That crazy ass fucker, has gone full blown Uncle Tom
LOL wtf was that! The intellectual giant that is kanye west. . has he been googling Wikipedia again?! LOL Embarrassing... Kanyes foray into global economics & the impact of the Chinese labour market ha ha ha

anyone with half a brain can see what this vertically challenged megalomaniacal, self aggrandizing plant pot is really up to here... He's trying to play Trump, sizing him up, dominate him on camera & mark his territory in the white house! Unhinged 'rap artist' married to a a plastic blimp has designs on the job... You can see Trump knows it too, & is humouring him for the cameras & the black community. West has to be one of the biggest toss pots on planet earth, I can honestly say I have never sought out a single song of this moron! It's all theatre, Body language speaks volumes & Trump has his number but West thinks he's being clever, playing to Trump's ego pretending to be a fan! Its so obvious... He thinks he's fooling people.. LOL Trump doesn't like this guy, it's just a case of keep your enemies closer! Kanye, put your heel lifts in & go tell it to your 5 personal trainers.. Make America black again! Sheep everywhere...
Oh joy. We are doubling down on the drug war. It has worked so well the past few decades, why not huh?
God u Americans are lucky to have this man
Kanye.....GREAT JOB....YOU ARE REALLY SHOWING STRENGTH...INNER STRENGTH....WELL DONE..
You heard Kanya he loves loves Him 
What a spectacle, what a pile of garbage 
The Romans said "If you cannot defeat one, hug him".
It doesn't matter what President Trump does, they will criticize. How could he turn all those people away? Anyway; CNN is now using the N-word to describe Kanye...seriously. God bless President Trump and God bless Justice Kavanaugh and God bless Kanye West designer extraordinaire. "All we need is Love'
Jim Brown has been arrested for domestic abuse and battery of women a half dozen times. And Crack Cocaine Kanye West is BAT SH*T CRAZY. These are not admirable men.
Trump says to Kayne, listen here I say Look ah here I say Look ah here I say Look ah here TRUMP 2020.
President Trump please get this low life Kayne out of the White House. We dont need him to win the black vote. President Trump you already have the black vote. Please do not associate with this mentally ill black man who has bipolar and can turn on you in a heart beat. Remember Amorosa Mr President. We support you Trump 2020
Ok number 45 u sat down & listen to Kanye West & how he feels about you & the job ur doing now give that same opportunity to some1 like Jay Z hey even Eminem. By the way shouldn't u be in Florida.
When trumps served his 8 years as POTUS can we get a loan of him for a couple of years? Kind regards  from the UK.
The blacks are massively awakening! The Dems are finished!
The incredible talent of this President to focus ONLY on the positive! Remarkable...
Search for documentary series:

Communism By The Backdoor

It will change your life.
Putins Puppet aka trump loved this crack head west. There is rust on the metal plate in kanyes head. Duhhhhhhhhhhh
The Dems run cities where black men get locked up and fatherless children are raised by single mothers that are government dependent. This is by design. The men lose their voting right and the government dependent women support the promise of impossible government assistance programs. It's a 50 year old scam that Lyndon Johnson put in place to offset the voting rights act that the Republicans forced him to sign in 1964. Johnson was the most racist President that we have ever had but the false history that we are told gives him all the credit for the voting rights act. He had to sign it or they were going to expose him for killing JFK. Robert Kennedy would have exposed it if he had not been killed and he would have been elected President in 1968 instead of Nixon. Johnson was an evil racist bastard and the Democrat party of today uses him as their hero and all of their policies have the same racist goals.
West and Trump are incoherent retards.
And West is relevant because??? Is he supposed to be the token vote swinger?  ???? Please explain without the BS snide remarks.
Ghetto Leftists Beyonce and Jay-Z are OUT and the ALTUISTIC KANYE and KIM are IN!!
Why is that?  How is it?  
How is it that all of a sudden the black unemployment rate is at the lowest ever or in the history?!!

Did Trump hire these black people?

What made America companies/businesses suddenly hire black people?

Blacks have always looked & strived to work and support their families...
Why is the unemployment of blacks at the lowest in history now?? (Trump claims) 
And most important how?  

Doesn't make sense.  LIES!
Sad day for black people.  Kanye is a diagnosed bi poplar nut case and now he speaks for black people. It's a shame
Any vote for any Republi-Con is a vote against myself, my family & my country!
Hes not saying; hey G, I wanna do this and that!!!!
Soo is this the new thing....just have a nodding rapper next to you when you do an interview?
what is going to happen to Kanye West is he gonna is he going to commit suicide is it going to be run down.will he be gunned down in the street  will he mysteriously be sucked up by a weather balloon ?
This guy keeps trying to take credit for stuff he didnt do. The unemployment rate has been dropping for 6 years. But when Obama was in office he said the were fake. Now all of the sudden they are real and because of him.
Trump. Lying. About. The.  Job. Numbers in. Black. Communities
CNN  LUCIFERIANS
Ever since Kanye West had a fall out with Jay Z; it has been a competition for Kanye and Kim. When the Obamas became friends with Jay Z and Beyonce, Kim and Kanye West started leading toward Mr. Trump. They had all the time in the world during Mr. Obama term, to discuss any prison reform. It clearly shows he did not get over Obama"jackass" twit, for how he treated Taylor Swift and how Jay Z completely cut him off. Kanye and Kim wants to walk in their shoes; even if they have to use the opposite side.
I just wish mor regular black Republicans would come forward and tell everyday people about their reasons not to vote Democrat. I believe that would help.
President TrumpKanye WestM A G ATRUMP  2020!!RED TSUNAMI 2018!!!LETS VOTE R E D!!
"HEAT" FROM CNN "MEANS NOTHING"
In your face CNN!!! God is good!
LOL, now lets see how CNN spun this one... brb
I don't like how the interviewer was  talking over the President.
I've got a copy of the "Agenda" right here: "Mutual stroke fest!"
Did anyone else notice the clip with Omarosa? She got very pissed off when jim Brown, Ray Lewis and Pastor Burns lined up for the camera. She forced her way into the picture. Tells you a lot about her. It is at the 5:15 mark.


Masters in Their Dragon Energy
Notice he NEVER mentions native americans who should come first everyother race comes first and you wonder why we HATE YOU ALL sic
Sessions doesn't want prison reform because he is heavily invested in the Prison/Industrial Complex...
This is going to be fun..  Kanye is a genius when it comes to music but  to me that's it. And I agree with some of the things he said. But to claim that ALL liberals are bad and evil and a "disease" is plainly ignorant. Yes there re "bad apples" on the left but equally as many on the right. And no the left is not communist, maybe a little socialist but not communism. FDR was a socialist and he pulled us out of the worst financial stage in American history: the great depression. So dont jump around like a bunch of uneducated Americans and say "liberals are bad" and "socialism will ruin the country" when really you should just fact check yourselves. I do it, not many do it including liberals do it. But I am one of the few that actually care and therefore find the facts, not opinions.
Britain needs a trump, can we have trump jr??  
holy hell i've never seen a comment section so diluted with idiots......... y'all pray for the republican party. ain't nothin wrong with em, they just a little stupid
I don't care what anyone say's it is not global warming or whatever they are calling it it is weather manipulation through HAARP and whatever they are dumping in the atmosphere with chemtrails that is what is changing the weather don't be fooled what Al Gore tried to tell you an inconvenient lie! Kanye has Big Cohonas! Better Kanye West than traitor Taylor Swift!
DoNaLd TrUmP iS a RaCiSt yeah okay...
Jeez this Minority, Tom Pepper Prez spouts some BS man.. LOL!.
LOVE FOX NEWS! THANK YOU FOR DOIN WHAT YOU DO!!! THANK YOU PRESIDENT FOR DOING EVERYTHING YOU ARE DOING!! I FEEL SAFE BECUZ U.ARE IN CHARGE!!!

And we care about two mentally ill men off their meds talking about how much they love each other why?
THE LEFT IS JUST A MASSIVE MOB OF VIOLENTLY IGNORANT TRASH.... BAD, BAD PEOPLE....
Was that ammorossa? 4d chess!
I wonder if Orange Ape will give him a hand job...
I got to give kudos to Kanye for showing how to be civil and how to stand up for ones self. The attacks on him for daring to think for himself as a black man are kinda weird. Black folks want autonomy, but get trashed when they actually take a stand
Ummmmm how exactly is K West a "genius"? His music is horrible. No sense of rythm, or melody.  Ask Kanye what the four notes in a Bb Major 7 chord
If Obama had invited Kanye to the White House, the whites would have been outraged lol lol
Trump and Kanye? Dumb and dumber
Thank you Kanye,  Remember!! it's hard sometime's  to be on the right path. It's narrow, and only one to follow.  Easy to be on the wrong path. It's wider, deeper, and many to follow.   The right path lead's to ABBA/ Our Father,  The wrong path lead's to the deceiver satan.   
Our SAVIOR,  YAHUWAH, Is  Coming Soon!! Amen. Praise Be!! To YHWH, The  IAM IAM , Forevermore !! Amen, God Bless you ,
Well Trump you should focus in Global Climate change to prevent these catastrophes!
More fox fake white news 
Kanye speaks from the heart! He represents millions of black Americans who have been keep in the democratic plantation for too long.  FREE THEM ALL!!!  FREE TO THINK AND TO CHOOSE!!
Looks like trump finally got an African American to wear one of those stupid hats
They are making a porn tape
the black comunity 's with you Mr TRUMP. 
We love you Mr TRUMP!
Thank u fox! The people are now coming together in the United States ! We see now what the Dems and libs have broken !:( and the Republican party has a long way to go to fix this ! one step at a time .
Heckle and Jeckle (the Clintons) has cast their spell  over Taylor Swift. It's very sad. She may change her mind after she learned about their History. Unless she's trying to get back at Kanye fo supporting the President. 
Folks, you have a choice to make between two Rs'. If you want RESULTS VOTE REPUBLICANS. If you want RESISTANCE VOTE DEMON RATS. You reap what you sow. I know you Patriots are fair minded and intelligent and will definitely choose RESULTS. PROMISES MADE PROMISES KEPT! MAGA, MASA, MAPA.  MAKE AMERICA GREAT, SAFE AND PROSPEROUS AGAIN. God Bless America!  VOTE VOTE VOTE!
Honestly, I think Trump uses Kanye to serve his own purposes.   Just like with Kanye's wife Kim.  It's probably to gain followers.  I say whatever it takes to keep the dems from taking over.   Could not care less about Trump's token.
Pair of twats.
Kanye can see through the con on the left and soon more will open their eyes to it too.  We have to stop believing in the left's failed ideology and instead believe in freedom, jobs, economy and protection.   Kanye gets it.  Americans please join us.  We don't hate Democrats.  We hate this new violent party emerging on the left that wants to replace rule of law with mob violence.  Let's join together to get rid of that extremism!
Godsend sir  go to Chicago and clean it up, make the Democrats eat it !
Have respect for Trump and Kanye 
Coming from a Mexican kid here 
Go Trump 2020 
Is it just me or does it feel like Kanye is working up to a future Presidential run as a Republican?
MAGA / KMAG 2020 Red Wave Comin Baby !!!!
you're all brainwashed
Trump's not stupid like the libs say.  Kanye revels in being accepted by white people.
Did Trump just complete a full sentence?
200 mph winds? Visit Neptune sometime, a planet where winds are around 1200 mph!
My respect for my president God bless you mr Trump
Kanye West is a sick puppy , Trump is a traitorous  puppet and their followers are Kool Aid drinking fools.
4 more years
Thank you for the interview with President Trump!!
Thugs, pimps and liars. And the fools who follow.
Has West got over his mental health issues yet. If he is supporting Trump it is very doubtful he has. I notice some waving the buy American flags, that of course would mean nobody buying Trump branded products since he manufactures them in foreign cheap labour countries. Has he insisted Trump products are not sold on Amazon?
So did trump say jim brown was a governor? Lol
No we dont , we look around and we DONT vote for trump.  Only This con can brag about lies.
I dont respect someone who want to get rid of the 13th amendment.
Trump said its unfair to African Americans but yet he didnt want to rent to them in his rental property. Thats one big CON.
Kenya west wants to abolish the 13th amendment. How brainwash can you be to want to be a slave .
arrest clinton and bush and obama and soros usw!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Get young blacks out of gangs and into work. Encourage them to see the worth of work,   family, community, country and God.
I would rather see our president sit down with groups of senior citizens to discuss their issues, parents of sick children to discuss their issues, small business people to discuss their issues, factory workers to discuss their issues. That is the way you really get to know America and the needs of Americans. Kanye West sits so above reality of every day suffering. How can he know what its like to sit in a hospital watching your child die? How can he know the struggle of wondering how youre going to pay for that hospital care? This is not against Kanye in fact my comments are not against anyone. It is just my preference that our president make an attempt to come down to the level of the people he serves and understand the life of his people. People on the sites attack Democrats and point fingers and called names. That is not American. Americans care for each other and it would be nice to see an example not only on these sites in the comments but from our leader ship. I am an American. I love all other Americans regardless of their Politics. I love each person here who has commented that they want someone to die or be killed or set on fire or any of the other horrible things I read. I send you love and compassion. But I would like to see our leader ship have love and compassion for all as well.
I rather KANYE JUST SHUT UP!!

Black conservative americans are the force that is going to be vital to the protection of our country and our rights.
Lot's of RESPECT to Kanye West for standing up to HOLLYWOOD and the LEFTIST agenda!!!!
This is a man who stands up for his BELIEFS and his GOD given rights as an American .... This was Kanye's "FU" to HOLLYWOOD, MUSIC INDUSTRY and the FAKE NEWS media!!!!
Jim Brown and Kanye Westare a sell outs to Black America and do not represent Black America! Instead of having a talk with Trump,Kanye needs to be talking to a Psychiatrist! All of you Trumpers will download or buy a CD to support Kanye's music right?
Wait so Colin kaeprnick is a whinny millionaire for using his platform to express political free speech but kanye is a hero for using his platform to express free speech (while he was getting paid)
Wow, the President is looney, like old grandpa. He wanders, so stupid. How humiliating and embarrassing.
GTFOHWTBS
I am a Texas Republican. I need my Healthcare more than I need Cruz. Cruz will increase premiums on the middle class...while he gets free Healthcare. I am not voting this year.
"Well, if he doesn't then he gets overruled by me because I make the rules and he doesn't." How can you not like this man?
They are trying to discredit Kanye. He's been off the liberal plantation for a long time. They aren't happy about it and they are trying to prevent a revolt.
Do you not get sick of hearing Trump praise himself?
Love it!
Donald Trump and Kanye West: the Ultimate Intellectual Summit of the 21st Century!
WHY does the President have time to phone into a TV show??  This is a president who would be better as a game show host.
I hate to think what would have happened to America if President Trump wasn't elected!
I love the  way fox news keeps butting in on the President  rude asses
200 mph winds.... my man Trump knows everything.
President Donald Trump, O captain my captain...Got a great idea that we all may have thought of together which can be done now. Let's take the idea of TrumpCare to a world wide platform. Basically we take the Affordable Care Act and bring it up to the UN and World Bank. Anyone who wants healthcare in the world that can pay something can get it. This favors everybody, especially those who travel abroad because it adds to TrumpCare. Now there is a cheap travelers insurance for average joe American. In turn our TrumpCare in the US becomes cheaper becomes we have support from the World Bank and UN Delegates. How we handle those who go abroad is different you have to let your TrumpCare agent know for possible adjustments. This will help us travel easily to out best friend countries!!! Maybe it can help Average Joe in not so friendly countries that we have to travel to. I think it would be a great idea. - Prince Roby Pariyanickal Mathew.
This man makes me emotional...the president Obama should have been MAGA
Kanye has more than 10 minutes to talk about black unjustly imprisoned to get them out, talk a reforms, rehab, vocational education, gang violence.
Now thats a president!
TRUMP RULES!!!
I support Kanye West
For crying out loud...CNN and the rest of the FAKE NEWS MEDIA APPARATUS...were LYNCHING
KANYE WEST. He needs HELP from his fellow African-American.
The real REASON that CNN and the rest of the FAKE NEWS MEDIA were LYNCHING KANYE WEST left and right is because...he is MARRIED to a WHITE woman KIM KARDASHIAN...CNN and the FAKE NEWS MEDIA are the real RACIST...and not DONALD TRUMP who invited KANYE WEST to the WHITE HOUSE for LUNCH.
VOTE FOR ALL REPUBLICANS IN MIDTERM NOVEMBER 2018. IF YOU WANT ANARCHY, LOW CLASS CONGRESSMEN, IGNORANT IN THE SENATE VOTE DEMOCRATS BUT IF YOU WANT DECENCY, LOVE FOR THIS COUNTRY, LOVE FOR THE FLAG, LOVE FOR OUR VETERANS AND POLICEMEN THEN VOTE FOR REPUBLICANS 2018..
This is the best recovery ever.
Much respect to Kanye, I hope it helps open more peoples eyes. We are not racist, sexist, or homophobic like the MSM tries to tell people, and they will realize how little the Democrats really care about them, with how quickly they will turn on you if you support Trump.
Kanye is smart he knows the deal. It started long ago when they started destroying the community and neighborhoods across the country. The big thing they did was to make sure both parents had to go to work to support their household and then it left the children to be raised by the system that was corrupt to begin with and just wanted to mold society into what it has become today. The people see the truth now and they can't hide it any longer that's why the Democratic party is going crazy.
President Trump is just so terrible at being a "racist". I would imagine that the Klan is furiously disappointed in him.
Great.  2 idiots that go on tirades that make no sense having a meeting.  Should be tons of fun.

Oh yeah Faux News sucks.
Kanye West made a video mocking Jesus. So Im not sold on his intentions yet. We got to be careful with this guy. His first video was all about Jesus. Then he flipped 360. So where does his spiritual values lie now thats what we need to know.
The vast amount of stupidity in the comment section is astonishing. I hope it's the Russian bots
Jim Brown is the most badass human being that has ever lived.Not only in athletics but in life.
Lots of respect for Kanye for stepping up to see if he can do more to help out in our black communities !!!!   This country is somewhat divided right now, so anything to bring us back together definitely helps !!  MAGA 2020
Actually what CNN and the rest of the FAKE NEWS MEDIA APPARATUS doing to KANYE WEST for being FRIEND of the President of the RICHEST country in the world and the Commander-in-Chief of the most powerful Armed Forces in the Universe DONALD TRUMP...is LUNCHING.
Why is it that AL SHARPTON not talking about the LYNCHING of KANYE WEST.
ALWAYS ABOUT BLACK!
WELL GUESS WHAT....JESUS IS NO RESPECTOR OF PERSONS!...BLACK OR OTHERWISE!!!!
IF WE ALL....SUPPOSEDLY COME FROM ETHIOPIA....THEN WE ALL ARE AFRO AMERICANS!!!!!
JIM BROWN WHO????????
cnn is racist, fake news!!!
The 'progressive left' DamnOldCraps hate any black MAN who leaves the government plantation as a FREE man!!! Brahahahahahahahahahahahahah
I stopped watching CNN Liberal news
Trump is racist and he is using kanye's stupidity
Why is Ray the killer Lewis with Jim Brown
Lol Kanye West supports trump. This makes too much sense.
I still can't believe CNN called Kanye the "N -WORD" on live TV.
What lovely dress.   And a beautiful woman.
GO TAYLOR SWIFT!!!!!
Kanye got the most heart 
CNN can't go 5 min without talking about racism.  Racists also constantly talk about race. Both categorize people by importance.
president Ronald Regan once stated" communism will come in the form of Liberalism when it comes to America".
I have so much respect for  Kanye West  nowadays.  I knew nothing about Kanye until he went on stage with Taylor Swift & made everyone, including me, think he was nuts.  I began watching Kanye West and learned, over time, that Kanye is a true American civil rights advocate!  GOODBYE JESSE JACKSON, who America grew tired of hearing his shouting & ranting about prejudices in America for decades no matter what improvements were made, and HELLO KANYE WEST, who offers a new refreshing approach of embracement to all Americans and has taken endless beatings & put his career in jeopardy multiple times in order to stand up for what he believes in and what is right!!!
 GO KANYE....A TRUE AMERICAN PATRIOT!! 
CALIFORNIA NOW HAS SNAPCRAP THATS WHERE WHEN SOMEOME TAKES A CRAP ON THE SIDEWALK YOU CAN TAKE A PICTIRE AND SEND IT TO THE CITY AND THEY WILL SEND,A PRESSURE WASHER TO WASH IT UP! IF THATS NOT THE DEFINITION OF LUNACY, I DONT KNOW WHAT IS! ! THIS IS SOCIALIST DEMOCRATS! CALIFORNIA, TEXAS AND FLORIDA!
Black support for Trump up 15% from a year ago.  Vote Red Nov 6
Trump dislikes black people, and he will usse them to his advantage only.
Our thoughts and prayers go out to Florida. God Bless this President and all Americans that are trying to fix our problems.
I like what Kanye and s saying, but Im just not sure if its a stunt yet. Hollywood is slick.
FUX SNOOZ. Where brains go to Nap
God Bless Bob Mueller for doing the right thing..A real American Hero!!
Kanye is in the sunken place.
I love Trump & Kanye
Can anyone explain to me this business with Kanye?  Why has he become such a close confidant to Trump, and a "diplomat"?
So when's "President - Kanye (ft. Donald Trump)" gonna drop?
First they'll meet up for some dinner, they'll split a dessert- 2 forks though.  Then they'll go back to Trumps place and listen to some Marvin Gaye before rubbing each other down with baby oil.  That's when things get really serious.
I was called "delusional" twice in a week by 2 different Facebook persons (both black women). I just don't see how they can accuse me of being delusional. What am I being delusional about? I got facts to back up that, Jack!
What the hell is Omarosa doing lurking around there...Long live POTUS Trump!!!
so you got a guy fresh out the looney bin and one headed there, or prison.
FAKE PRESIDENT
There's something so hot about Ainsley. I even like her name Aaaainsely 
Thank you Kanye, very cool!
You have too love Trump. He's great.
THE DEMOCRATS ARE A GROUP OF MONKIES  TRYING TO LIGHT A STICK OF DYNAMITE! THEY WONT KNOW WHAT HAPPENED TO THEM IF THEY GET IT LIT!
it was sad when African-Americans we're told to sit at the back of the bus !! Now it's ridiculous that in 2018  anyone would have the audacity to tell them not to be Republican or Support Trump !! Think about it !!
Trump has the distinction of being the most disgusting president in U.S. history
Kanye West for Mayor of Chicago!
An irrational focus on drug crime is just plain stupid. Giving life sentences for small possession or even trafficking is a huge part of the prison problem.
Make Great African American role models again.  Ones that can think for themselves like Kanye!
No one seems to be talking about the Stock Market getting jittery about the prospect of the Democrats retaking the House.The Dems would side track our national 
prosperity for their socialist agenda
Emotion does drive people crazy, when it has not been controlled by the reality around them. YE is a realist. He see, observed and think, then act. He looks ahead, forget and forgive the past for the GOOD of humanity. He gets and act on it, That is the path for Prison reform for USA Citizens.. Well Done and All the very best to the folks in USA
Imagine, Real Americans are staring at them. When will they cause more trouble, hate, racism and fear? Now imagine being the Anti-American Democrat / Liberal being stared at?   LOL
I fuckin love Trump
Trump 2020 
but but but Trump is racist!  hahahaaaaaa
Trump is giving us our country back....
Kanye makes beats.  Thats what he does.
2 self - appointed celebrity "geniuses".  I wonder what they talk about? I'm sure it's riveting.  
Love how trump's says sessions will be a non factor for prison reform
Ass kissing  bullshitting  fox
CNN will spin this so the headline will be "Trump meets with Kanye instead of helping hurricane victims"
Kanye became a new friend as I realize he has the nerve to stand up to the idiots in this country!  Kanye is TOP DAWG !! 
De class DECLASS
Trump gonna be trump but throw kanye sellout ass away cause he dont speak for African Americans period I dont even know nobody that owns a kanye CD after that bullshit about slavery was a choice, but dump gonna be trump racist silver spoon eating pervert/pedophile
TRUMP TRAIN ! GOD BLESS OUR PRESIDENT TRUMP  GOD BLESS AMERICA  GOD BLESS OUR MILITARY 
President on the phone , FOX
I'm voting for Trump this time because at least he's helping African Americans..Dems still ain't doing crap..
Democrats are an embarrassment
2 "stable geniuses" HAHAHAHA!
GOD BLESS THIS GREAT MAN!!!!
TRUMP SLEEPS 1 HOUR A DAY
Good stuff from our Pres and Kanye.  We need prison reform.
I'm not complaining, but who in the hell would think that Kanye West and Kim Kardashian would bring about political change in prison reform? Am I living in the Twilight Zone or what?
8:45 Music business is not hollywood
We republicans got Kanye. The racist democrats got white supremacist Taylor Swift.
How dare this delusional Kayne talk about prison reform instead of welfare reform, gay rights, abortions those things I know that benefits the black community
Well he gets overrules by me. I make the decisions

And thats why I voted for Trump.
Hey G I wanna do this or that 
I love my POTUS, but wow he really talks in circles ( or bloviates, as Bill O'Reilly used to say). Just answer the question!
hey  trump-  Pauly Manafort  and  Michael  Cohen  say  Hi !
Celebrities should stay out of politics stay classy, republicans.
We had problems at the HUD Bflo NY OFFICE, No police reports, they have many on staff they'd say. No reports
God  Bless  Bob  Mueller -  Rod  Rosenstein-  FBI/DoJ
CNN racists calling Kanye a house negro who needs to read more and they think saying this is alright...despicable leftist racists and bigots.
I'm living in California. I don't know why people here are hating Trump so much. Democrats transformed California in a sh..t hole state. I hope the people will wake up fast from this plantation.
A vote for Republicans will provide a better life in every respect for African Americans!
Vote Republican in the midterm elections 
PRESIDENT GEORGE W BUSH WAS ATTACKED, 2001, UNDETONATE DEVICES IN STOMACH
So kiss my Irish ass
Uncle Tom aka Kanye slavery was a choice West meets uncle orange
And the truth is in right and never truly have to talk politics ever again and the truth I spoke will come to pass.
Oh by the way. I put myself out there. To be noticed by all my enemies. I didn't use what God gave me and make cards w the truth on them and shut up on the internet. So I'm fuckin crazy in a way that you can't control. But my mouth hates to say a lie.
  Moon-a4 spy~   ~
The best president ever....he has surpassed south African Nelson Mandela may His soul rest in peace
PRESIDENT GEORGE W BUSH WAS ATTACKED, 2001, UNDETONATE DEVICES IN STOMACH
PRESIDENT GEORGE W BUSH WAS ATTACKED, 2001, UNDETONATE DEVICES IN STOMACH
The bullshit cards were not consequential. I have no orders from anybody. And unless my own mother gave me orders wouldn't take any. In as cool as JFK. Cool as Joan of arc. And when the infiltrated democrats are defeated this November I won't have to influence anybody. Ever again on such a level as this.
Much respect for Kanye!
Kanye West dares to stand up for himself. He is a good man. I'm grateful for his willingness to help!
Democratic party is the party of crime.
My GOD President Trump has exceeded all expectations and yet He still gets viciously attached. "GOD BLESS HIM" Go President Trump Go Kanye Let's Make Something GREAT Happen .  .  .
You want truth? Look at my persecution at mbh? And how I perceived their motives. And that I told them off and told them even if I don't say anything anymore the democrats are going down. Look at what I suffered for the truth.
CIA told Trump Not to talk about the Aliens if you do you will loose the next election
by 2020 we will see the minority vote skyrocket fo
My President Trump should go to California - Support Nunes .... and generally be a pain in the ass to all the Hollywierd fruitcakes . MAGA & KAG .
Come on Kayne try to Smile your with your buddy Trump
Kanye be strong with your decisions dont be coward or intimidated by left theyre losers and haters!!!
President Trump will continue to win over beautiful Black, Hispanic American's ten fold!
If Kanye West can get a one on one with the President, I should be able to also.
All sensationalists
The orange blowfish with a bad comb-over meets mega-money man. So what? Birds of a feather (psychopaths) flock together in their endless need for attention.
Dems need to keep blacks on the welfare plantation
Kenye has no idea what comes out of his mouth. I think he did not even finish first grade.. And he does not try to understand what he is talking about. Note if he has money because he good accountants that help him with his money. But he can't sing, he no skills playing any instrument or reading music.... 
Maria
While they laughed at Kanye, they purposely left out Mr. Jim Brown. Whether people like Kanyes products or not, he is a highly successful black American entrepreneur and I'd take his advice on career building skills over those activists who socially thrive off racial divides and victimhood living off of peanuts themselves! I bet Kanyes mother is smiling down on him as one of her proudest moments as a mother who raised a kind and caring man trying to make a real difference.
I'm glad it's being quickly cleaned up. Especially because we know it's going to be a big job. Thank you for all being there to help.
WE SUPPORT OUR PRESIDENT IN ALL.MAGA
God Bless Kayne
WTF is he even talking about?!?! He literally said nothing the whole time. He thinks 25,000 people were outside his rally?... for him?!?! Additionally... no one... in Hollywood or anywhere else has EVER voted for you more than ONE time.
Why not do the rally! Stupid idea not to! What can he do anyway?!
Yucks... That witch omorosa... Get her off these videos!
"Hey G" brilliant!!
Obama was never this involved with the people on a everyday basis.
Oops..did trump say that there were thousands of people standing in line? We all have the photos: no one was standing in line up to 5 hours before the happening. But I agree, that the people from Florida and Georgia can go to h.....they are not really real Americans! Let them suffer, and we have big fun
Trump is an A.I.
Narcissism meets Bipolar ... it's like a mental illness convention!
Trump goes to a rally and talks crap then goes to Fox ....more crap
Red wave coming
He works harder than anyone I know
Kanye has been looking for his father. I guess he found him, 2 fools.
Good Morning President Trump!  & Fox & Friends! Thank You For Everything You Do..
THE REALITY HERE IS THE REPUBLICAN PARTY IS THE PARTY THE BLACK AMERICANS .funded by blAck and white in 1858.this is the party the FUTURE
I hope Taylor Swift is enjoying this.
Trump should be president for life
I LOVE my President & I truly LOVE all of my fellow Patriots who also LOVE the Truth!!! It's not always easy dealing with these Leftist Dem liberals, but it's comforting to know the majority of Americans LOVE our God, our country, our families & our fellow citizens!
Go president Trump Maga
WWG1WGA
I never was really a Kardashian fan but hey Kanye's ma boi now. 
CROOKED CNN SELLING BLACK PEOPLE LEMONS!
MAGA 
11/06/18 
Trump 2020!
In waiting on Texas to legalize weed
God bless you Kanye West!!!!!
Asshole white and asshole black.
I would love to see Kanye on the road with our President.
Fox went from anti celeb to riding Kanyes bipolar nut sack like a roller coaster.
How's your 401k?
Do NOT put climate change on the agenda, please. I love these disasters, deaths and destructions: it makes great tv, and it only gets far better in the coming years, let alone decades. I also have no children, so why would we indeed worry about climate change? We live now and have to grab everything we can: the next generation will suffer (or not survive), but we will be gone by then, and had a great time. Support Trump in denying climate change! (ok we are nearly the only ones left on earth to deny, and are completely isolated worldwide, but are supported by Syria: is that not great, we and Syria against humanity?)
Have to respect Kanye West and his wife for not backing down to the radical left nut jobs
When Kanye said President Bush hates black people, the dems celebrated him.  They turn on anyone who starts to think for themselves.
Trump's secret of success = he is fearless. Nothing scares him.
Someone tell trump to put his teeth in before he calls into a show...
Somebody just shut him up, shut him up, shut him up, shut him up, shut him up, shut him up, shut him up, shut him up, shut him up, shut him up, shut him up, !
They should change the voting rules , you should have to show 5 proofs of IDs , driver's license , SS , birth cert , credit card , phone bill , electric bill w name and address , club membership w name and photo etc.  To be able to vote , this would solve all the issues w voting . It would take away all of corrupt Hillarys votes , illegal aliens, dead men's votes , and state to state traveler votes . And Trump would have won both college and electoral votes.  
Drain the swamp of evil race baiting, hate spreading , cheating, currupt , baby killing demoncrats,
The red tsunami is coming 
Trump 2020 maga 
I have never seen a US President in the flesh. Haven't really had the opportunity because most have had fund raising events that I can't afford. That has changed with President Trump. Trump has large venue events that everyone is invited to regardless of social or economic status and they are FREE! I really appreciate that Mr. President. See you Saturday!!!
Guess he never heard of cameille
Kanye/Trump/Brown.  THANK YOU!
Listen here I say Look ah here I say Look ah here I say Look ah here. TRUMP 2020
Kanye thks for being our voice,your a great man.
I don't know anything bout this dude, but if he's climbing aboard the TrumpTrain, fine. M.A.G.A. 
I'm so happy to hear about prison reform!  Do away the Super Predator that Bill Clinton passed. Prison is big big money for those who are dishonest.....just saying
I LOVE this!

I think this is an incredibly exciting endeavour- and well overdue!

And I know NO ONE other than Trump would have undertaken to even find answers to embarrassing questions around the prison debate - let alone make a genuine attempt at reform!!

I wish them all the love and luck in the world.
Simple idea for prison reform.  Stop committing crimes
Great just great. An idiot defending  an idiot. These guys are two peas in a pod. If there was any question about whether Trump would accept endorsements from the Klan or white supremacists or even the mentally imbalanced there you have it. Kanye who is one of the most confused young men I have ever seen half the time doesn't know whether  he is coming or going. If you want real black support better get black people who aren't yes slaves and who will call you out on the issues.
Never paid much attention to Kanye West. Mainly,  because he was on the Kardashians... the reason I quit watching TV years ago. Mr. West seems quite intelligent and sincere. Mr. Brown is a living legend and supporter of the black community. That's a one-two punch for President Trump. Godspeed gentlemen. MAGA!
Hollywood is secretly voting for trump
Go Georgia! !
when i get in that booth November 6th i'm smashing that (R) button - God bless America
Oops someone will Cry after this!. 
Why did they name it Michael lo
Why did they name it Michael lol
Long Live the King President TRUMP!!!!! We love you Sir!!!
I wish trump would come to NYC to make a rally and make a speach. I would go and love a chance to speak to him. Only reason I'm saying this is because this is the only president that actually cares about what the people say and think and the only president in history that will give you the chance to to express how you feel and he actually cares....... I've grew up in in the ghetto I I grew up in the group home as a kid until I was 13 years old then I've been homeless since then , I have 3 felony on my record , Im an ex gang member and I'm 37 years old Puerto Rican and black mix man. He is not perfect but you can see where his heart is at by what he is doing and how he is doing it. Not Reagan or bush nor Clinton or wicked Obama ever really cared when the camera is off.. I wish my people could wake up from their spells the democrats have them on.... Through the mocking bird program the deep state have my people under an evil hypnosis....
Imagine Ye performing at a Trump rally?
Why did they name it Michael lol
Jim Brown needs to be put in charge of prison reform.
You know you've entered the twilight zone when the president of the US is taking policy advice from Yeezus.
This has to be difficult for Kanye and the Kardashians, but so many follow their lives that this could really help the cause to show that our minorities are being given a way to elevate their lives with countless changes in President Trumps' policies. Kanye is brave and " Smart " !
I LOVE  MY PRESIDENT TRUMP GOD PROTECT HIM!
Democraps want to tear down America .....you better stand up and vote RED NOV 6 if you value our sovereignty and safety ! ....don't let that trash take the house !
The agenda should be taking their meds. Trump said Obama shouldnt have campaigned during Sandy, and yet the hypocrite was doing a moron rally in PA. Wake up and see all the lies you are fed!
So you guys finally have a rapping Republican, you must be so proud, and i'm sure Trump won't exploit that or nothing because he has high morals and all, lol
Kanye/trump 
Kanye West is a bootlicking, Apple polishing white mouth house negro if this fool in the White House get a headache Kanye automatically gets 1 too
Theyre going to reticule Christians heavy 
 just like they do when you accept trump as your president
TRUMPSTER!!!
I love when President Trump calls Fox News! He called Shannon Bream last night, awesome.
"Then he gets overruled because he works for me." Love it.
The left are calling Kanye the  token black guy for Trump ? like thats not racist what hypocrites.
GOD BLESS YOU KAYNE REALITY LOGIC TRUTH ABOUT THE DEMROCRAT  PARTY. GOD BLESS TRUMP . 2020.
SERIOUSLY???? PRESIDENT OF USA DONT HAVE MUCH WORK TO DO AND GO HANG OUT W A RAPPER ...WHAT IS UP W THAT FOXY NEWS ???
THTS WHY PEOPLE SAY...WELCOME TO THE TRUMPH CIRCUS CLOWN.
KAYNE IS I FEEL VERY WISE SMART. AND HE IS FULLY AWARE OF THE DEMROCRAT  PARTY.THE TRUTH AND THE HISTORY. FOR ANYONE WHO CRITICIZE  HIM SHOWS HOW IGNORANT THEY ARE.   AND IF YOUR BLACK. PERHAPS YOU SHOULD ALSO RESEARCH THE HISTORY OF THE DEM PARTY.
WE LOVE YOU PRESIDENT DONALD J TRUMP.  It's refreshing to have a legal being President rather then an illegeal...44..TRAITOR
Be safe peps
And fox doesnt always agree with president trump but he doesnt care as long as you be honest not like other networks they respect each other fox is the only news needed till the others get it right trump 2020
We need to stop this Soros paid bullshit
WE GETTING OFF THE PLANTATION. THIS WILL BE THE END OF THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY
Fake news should be a security problem for misinforming the American public and dividing us
It's a great day in America when you have a black rapper meet with a Republican President!!!
Blacks need to wake up...AND THEY ARE!!
Thank you Kanye West, Jim Brown and President Trump for working together to keep America safe and great. Trump2020!!!
Doesnt the President have the right to pardon someone
White Libtards claim they tolerate  freedom of speech.. only if you agree with them.
Wait a minute didn't y'all hate Kanye when he said Bush hates black people now y'all love you a bunch of Hypocrites Republicans
Got to LOVE THESE GUYS!
I grew up watching Jim Brown, and he ALWAYS played as a pro and a gentleman.
Kanye's showing intelligence and heart - and his "field" is tougher than the grid iron!
Blacks are not buying what the democratic are selling and if you go against them like Kane did they show it Kane is a black businessman who thinks for him self and trys to help hes brothers so I have much respect for him
President Trump never ceases to impress me.
WHATS EMINEM DOING FOR THE COMMUNITY 
Tell kanye to shut up and dribble now
CLARIFICATION: LIBERALISM MEANS AWAY OR FREE FROM THE "WORD OF GOD." SO, IF YOU ARE A LIBERAL YOU ARE CONFRONTING AGAINST JEHOVA, THE ONLY GOD, DO YOU???!!!!!!
WE THE PEOPLE HAVE AWAKEN THE SLEEPING GIANT TRUMP 2020WINNIG FRIGHT THE GOOD FIGHT FOR TRUTH AND JUSTICE FOR ALL AMERICANS GOD BLESS AMERICA AND  Kanye West a true Patriot
Amsley.  Hot
I know that my comments is not always considered as valueable  but I can see these things work.
I love Mr Trump soooooo much. You Americans got the MAN of the century.
Congratulations a lot of singers or actors of Hollywood need your help because deep state blackmailing them to hurt .
Prison reform is important i would however suggest that the highest court must handle such applications and not sessions or anyone else.  secondly it is maybe a wise move to start something like a reconciliation entity that can help americans heal, how one does that is for wise people to determine i just think there is some chance that something like that can be a positive influence however one sided it will be in the beginning, but once it start to bear fruit it will be a good thing.
Incredible how easy it is for people to generalize the morals of an entire group of people....oh wait
If the DEMO-RATS had their way. TRUMP would have to fly into the EYE of the storm and stay there for 24 hours.Give us a break.........
Remember when Obama would call in to the news and talk totally off the cuff without a prompter? Oh yeah me either.
CNN, Leftists: Trump is a Racist
Me: ??? Are you guys watching neutral news instead of only CNN and biased journalists? O_O
TRUMP-YE
CNN reporting of his 2 scoop ice cream make me laugh a lot
Sounds like such a dipshit lol
Could you imagine if Obama was snuggling up to kanye, offered his daughter secretary of state job, cheated on michelle Obama with a pornstar, had 5 kids with 3 women, said nothing but nice things about Putin and bad things about our intelligence agencies and spoke like he had the education of an 8th grader? How would trump supporters feel about that? THATS HOW YOU KNOW YOURE IN A CULT.....
Trump and his uncle Tom

The President owes no apology for doing the rally in Pennsylvania.
Ray luis is a great athlete and a good guy how will they slander him?
GO & VOTE RED!
No offense to 'hurricane recovery' but Florence is still taking a toll in Wilmington, NC. A small city of around 250,000 people. Five entire apartment complexes are evicting all tenants and plenty of people are without their homes because of water damage and they are forced to live with friends or relatives or are still stuck in shelters. Fema barely even mentioned the idea of 'fema trailers' for all these people last week (after someone asked a question about it) but they hadn't even discussed it with the governor of NC yet. In fact the director of fema mentioned that even if they began the process they would still have to figure out where to put them, how to get power and water to them and how to overcome local regulations. It didn't sound encouraging at all. Also, a family friend who has lived in her home in Wilmington for years, whose house was heavily damaged by collapsing trees and who isn't rich by any means, was just denied fema assistance. Don't buy into the idea of a quick and positive recovery.
Criminal justice reform is such an important issue. One thing that is so wrong is that people do not get competent representation from court appointed attorneys. They are overloaded and most of the time when a defendant meets the attorney it is 5 min before court. Thank you Kanye West and President Trump.
If the Trump Administration with the help of Kanye West or other like-minded people can fix Chicago it would be an absolute miracle and more winning I think they can do it somebody needs to try
This is just for show but since we're going to talk about Criminal Justice reform, let's also discuss what can be done about the children you are allowing to be caged.
aingslie what a hot babe
TRUMP !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The Fake media is going to criticize Trump no matter what. Trump can do his speech and handle the hurricane as well.
Its a shame thay dems always preach about how they gonna help blacks instead itonly got worse!! All they care about is votes and control. But trump comes in and os changing things!! Dems please see thru your party
Reality TV white house. What a joke lol.
Fuckin pair of idiots
Gotta love him.
kanye saved america!
A disgraced
patriotism has no color. trump knows this. the only racists are the democrats and the ignorant MSM. people are waking up to this and its funny because it took Donald Trump of all ppl to show us the truth and to show ppl that they are all equal under one American flag. the MSM and liberals think they can stop him but he has fulfilled more campaign promises than any president in recent memory.  his message is simple black, white gay or straight the American dream is alive and well for every citizen and it is a breath of fresh air.
America we salute you and your POTUS and we pray for you all the time.
kanye needs to tell him to legalize weed
CNN sucks.
Prayers for all affected by Hurricane Michael...South and North Carolina too...Georgia and Alabama as well.
I believe President Trump will be KNOWN as one of our BEST presidents.    Ones like these EVIL COMMUNIST MARXIST corrupt LYING TRAITORS like Hilda Beast Clinton, Eric Holder Obamas, Mad Max Waters, Booker, Feinstein, Pelosi, Soros, Blumberg, the idiot INSANE ARROGANT DELUSIONAL CRYBABY snowflakes and others WHO are promoting the EVIL violence going on in our streets should be arrested, CONVICTED and SENTENCED/HUNG for SEDITION and for their CRIMES and HIGH TREASON AGAINST America and President Trump !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The violence is far WORSE than in the 1960-1970s hippie movement EVIL CRAP ( Clintons and others from that EVIL COMMUNIST Marxist drugged environment)  !!!!!!!!!     
Just thinking EVIL CORRUPT LYING communist Marxist fascist FAKE MSM like CNN will do to Kanye what they did to Justice Kavanaugh ?  Just saying !
"If [Sessions] doesn't want prison reform, then he gets overruled by me because I make the decisions!" -- 

No political correctness, no deferring to the office of AG, no BS.....THIS is why people vote for Trump.  

No dancing around on issues, no "soaring rhetoric" (biographer's description of Obama's biggest strength), no selflies and speeches....just implementing prison reform to make people's lives better and then on to the next issue.
God bless President Trump, Kayne west and of course Foxs News. Foxs news is the only real true news . Vote Red Tsunami  in November
A senseless meeting with west
I wish Trump could be our President forever.
Interesting, no one wants to interrupt The PRESIDENT!  TRUMP 2020!!
Why does everyone forget Haiti. Obama didn't help and now nothing about How Haiti is Destitute and so many Haitians voted for President Trump and sadly Obama
Is Kanye the new Brett???? (look how they insult him on CNN)
Don't interrupt the president, he's talking and you stepping on his words, I hear you all the time can I hear him please
That sure is nice !!!
Nobody and I mean nobody buys a car on an app.
DONT INTERRUPT THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES WHEN HE SPEAKS!!!!!! These reporters have NO respect!
So now you know how stupid Democrats are. FEMA in Control, and CNN are screaming that Trump is not in the middle of a Storm. Your brains are up your rectum CNN, And what is Trump going to do Raise his hands and stop the storm. He wont be anointed Jesus until he wins the Midterms. Then he can stop anything he wants. Including CNN. Mob Rule or Tyranny. FAKE NEWS
you guys actually believe that Kanye West, who openly boasts about not taking his medication for Bipolar Disorder, is some sort of awakened mystic? He speaks of magic, dragons, and openly claims himself to be "a god". If Kanye West is determining polling results, then well, we are somehow in a worse place than I thought we were. Untreated bipolar episodes are manic and unpredictable, yet Kanye's struggles with it somehow make him a transformative man of wisdom? Y'all need to really look at his history, i think.
Idiocracy is coming and you People are happy about it good for you America good for you
Dems  Scream transparency THEN when we have  REAL President that Tweets 24/7 Seems to never sleep. Makes the time to meet directly with a person such as Kanye etc to get the straight scoop NOT filtered down In..Trump gets it right off the street.
YOUTUBE VIDEO ON FOX! STEYN: LIBERAL PR CAMPAIGN FOR MS13 GANGS!PELOSIS BUDDIES!
Trump sounds tired. I hope he stays home for a few days and rest. INCREDIBLE energy level. Not a Trump supporter.  But good luck with Kanye.
Im a black woman former democrat and now a proud republican and 100% supporter of my President Donald J. Trump. MAGA 
Black liberals can't stand it when other blacks don't toe the line! They're petrified when blacks think on their own and have different views! They will harass and shame them! Even call them a dumb mental negro like they did on CNN! Can't people have different views on policy without being harrassed!
Would have been nice to get a donation from the people to help those in need in Florida.Thank you Mr.President for all you do.USA.
He repeats himself about the thousands of people. I call bullshit.
Now the President should know that Hurricanes can be, and are probably MAN-MADE!!
Great, a meeting of tiny minds, how productive. Maybe Kanye should bring Kim Kardashian with him, that way Trump won't be the biggest ass in the room.
F**** with the industrial Prison Complex another home run for Trump most of the prison Prophet Erza probably Democrats anyway pretending to care about the little man but then screwing them cuz they got lobbyist coming in for the Prison Complex
Who's your Daddy?
Why didnt President Obama address this?
How can not love this guy ? America 1st !
Trump goes to the rally:
"trump goes to the rally and does not care about hurricane"
"trump does not care about florida"
"trump has fun while the country is hit by another hurricane"

Trump does NOT go to the rally:
"trump lets his supporters down"
"trump failed to arrive to the rally"
"trump cancels rally after thousants of people waited 2 days for him"

Sounds legit
Kanye west a grait man.
Democrats are racists. They do not want to see black people succeed, or any other minority group. Democrats are very oppressive. Thank you Prez Trump!!
Wait I thought he was a racist? Why is he helping all the black people? Democrats and fake news are the enemy of the people
 Real Donald Trump says, "We're gonna get involved in Chicago" Make The Decision to Vote Republican or Else.
Dems and MSM have a reprobate mind (Romans 1:28) their days are upon them.
Kanye is trying to help his fellow Americans and because of that he will be attacked hard by the leftist loonies. Cheers to Kanye & President Trump.
If there is a hurricane warning an that warning turns to an evacuation an you decide to stay instead of evacuating an then you require emergency rescue the bill for that emergency rescue every penny including the rescuers hourly pay should be the soul responsibility of the individual who declined to evacuate but instead the state tax payers foot the bill  for the dipshits who are stubborn an stay so those who choose to stay should have to pay 100% for their rescue
REPUBLICANS ARE ALL RACIST LYING TRASH ....NOT TO MENTION PEDOPHILES
Dems need 80% of the black vote to win any election.Race baiting is baked into the DimRat cake.
I like Trump a lot. But I wish he learns to give short, and to the point answers to questions, instead of going on and on
Kanya nut lied about saturday  night live they let him wear his hat all week they showed pictures.  I would love to be a fly on the wall with these 2 nuts talking rofl
That guy/ Man. President Trump is one HARD working person and working mind you for Free FREE. Keep up the Awesome hard work Sir.
I LOVE my President!
Kanye needs to be the leader of Black America.  Hard work, nose to the grindstone, and stop believing the Democrats will take care of you.  They will only keep you poor and hooked on their crumbs.
Libs continue to be force fed Trump Jizz rising to their knees now and again to shout MAGA_NIFICENT!
Great man. He gets things done for the people.  Btw: Clinton news network insulted kayne as negro and no leftist outrage. Such hypocrisy.
Trump and an All  Inclusive America, or Democrats and Mob Rule. You're choice America. Rule of Law or Tyranny.
Support from UK x
WARRIOR PRESIDENT FIGHTING FOR THE AMERICAN PEOPLE.
MASSIVE BIG RED WAVE COMING
oh my God no one had tents there and they did not  line up over night there is photos from other news stations taken at  11 am day of the rally.  The line didnt start till hours after.  He even has to lie about that.  loser
5:20
Trump needs to fire Jeff Sessions.
Will lil pump be joining them?
MAGA!!!
WHOO HO, GO PRESIDENT TRUMP!
DID TRUMP NOT TELL OBAMA HE WAS "WRONG" T5O MAKE A SPEECH AFTER A HURRICANE WHEN THE HURRICANE WAS GONE ! HYPOCRITE !
NEWS FLASH!

Several voter registration boards across the U.S. have removed people.  The claim is that they didn't vote recently or are not registered.  

This is the type of tactics the left uses.  They illegally purge people from those list.

EVERYBODY needs to contact the voter board in your area now and make darn sure you're on the list.  Record the phone calls, video tape it if you go in, and be prepared to go immediately to the local press and expose them if they don't let you a U.S. CITIZEN vote.

If you're illegal, you will be subject to arrest and deportation if you even attempt to vote.
Vote the racist Democrats out!!!!
We have fantastic president now! Dems only obstruct - for our country sake vote straight Reps on 11/6 - i did with absentee ballot for the first time in 22 years!
The agenda ? WHO IS CRAZIER ? ME OR YOU ?  YE GODS !
The greatest thing Trump has done, and its still unnoticed, is depoliticize black people.
He isnt allowing the left, or the right, to manipulate the black vote to fit this box and this box.
Blacks are expanding themselves politically, they are exploring new avenues, they are seeing when they arent used by parties to make numbers, they actually get good unemployment numbers too.
The best thing he did was refuse to play the black political game. Now he needs to turn on the switch, and turn to black people, and literally say What have you got to lose? Your lowest unemployment rate EVER? Dems attacking you for having thoughts that differ from theirs? For the first time ever, you actually have something to lose. Remember that.
These cities, liberal run cities, get money by using the violence in black neighborhoods, but then use that money for illegals to have lawyers, and to take down Confederate statues, or offensive statues and signs, instead of putting that money into the communities that actually need the money.
As Dems cry about the Justice System towards blacks, why do they get illegals million dollar lawyers, yet allow blacks, who are being locked up at higher rates, deal with court appointed bums who have 500 cases? Weird.
Blacks need to start holding Dems accountable, and they can see it coming, and they are turning blacks against blacks to fight the battle for their rich, white asses.
Kanye showed a strength that none of these other entertainment cowards have, he didnt bow down to mob mentality. He didnt allow himself to be forced into a line of thought. What that proved, to me, is hes probably the most educated one in the industry.
You know the nation is dumb when the president has to nearly apologize about bad weather.
do you see any 70 year old black men on that Senate Judicial Committee?? LMAO... moron
Why are we letting celebrities run our country? Trump & Kanye, leaders of the free world, Dear God what has America come to.......
UK loves Kanye as he has awoken to the truth
Trump is my true all time hero besides my father.
Mr. President extremely well said and thank you for not canceling your rally in Philadelphia. Good people love hearing your voice because you speak the truth sir.
I love Trump but awaken to weather weapons creating hell all around the world
TRUMP=TRIUMPH.
JUSTICE MERCY TRUTH.
Has the president not heard about the weapons that create these weather conditions
How great to hear the Presidents voice this morning! It was just like my first cup of coffee.
It will be a great day today.
Trump rocks!!!
I'm so glad he's our president!
Great Man!
Im a black gay millennial who supports trump. Dont listen to the hype blacks people are breaking free from the Democratic Party.
Never liked Kim K, but gotta give it to her for sticking by him. They collectively have more to lose than most of us will ever see. NOW we know why Kanye never smiled in photos too.
Kanye for President!
Easy to enjoy a guy who puts a smile on everyone's face.
He's so pathetic.
END THE FED!!
Will FAKE NEWS CNN KANYE's public lynching be broadcast all day like they did to Justice Kavanaugh ??..Just Askin' !!
CNN panel called kanye "negro who doesn't read" "token negro" and "attention whore". Don't lemon was laughing hysterically at the first one.
The Clinton foundation should help with the hurricane
There's a mass shooting almost every day in Chicago...
How interesting. RIGHT ON SCHEDULE, CHANGE NARRATIVE. This storm orchestrated by the powers that be, NOT !
Liberalism is a disease and it's growing. This almost ensures a win for us in Nov.
Trump 2020
If Trump wants to really make the evil left's heads explode?  He should have held a silent vigil and prayer last night to pray for the people of Florida
2 big fuckin assholes.
Do they think that Trump being present in Florida is going to stop the wind or something lol?
Now would be a great time for the Clinton/Haiti drop!
Race baiters
Meeting with Kanye, real Presidential stuff going on here . I would think the hurricane victims would be priority over all else today...
You racist whites only like a Black man's opinion if he agree's with you or kisses your ass 
Any other time remember celebrities dont matter right??
God has Blessed our President and our Country.
As wacky as Kanye West is, he's actually meeting with the President to try and deal with real problems people are facing in this country. While the Democrats go on CNN and do nothing but make fun of him. Again, they're doing absolutely nothing.
Mr president start vocally including black americans so they dont believe the cnn lies in your speechs, cnn makes them believe we dont matter to you, show them they are wrong!
Uncle Tommy Kanye arrives to meet his massa Trumpie for photo op!
The only difference between the democratic plantation and the republican plantation is that one serves chiterlings the other serves pigs feet
Kanye is a clown to preach this whole you need to be on the right to be free BS you need to be INDEPENDENT to be Free.
Kanye has my vote if Trump doesnt win in 2020!
Mr. Kanye West & Mr. Dennis RODMAN !  TRUE BRAVE AMERICAN HEROs We Stand UNITED
IT'S THE PLANET OF THE APES MEETS DOWNFALL.
Trump has a very poor vocabulary level
CNN and Democrats are the real racists
