He has no right to apologize for me!!!!!!
Trump has "No Path" to the White House!      LOL
Love, love, love how hes speaking to the children!  Thank you, Mr. President...
Can someone explain how this guy suffered?
He was accused of raping and nothing was proven weather he did or not.
Did I miss something?
Don't remember a fair trial.

What about Donald stealing money to pay hookers?
Nobody said anything about that either.
God is punishing all those Trump supporters with Hurricane Michael, the Archangel Michael.  Trumpsters commit horrible sins in supporting a liar, an adulterer, a misogynist, a racist.  Trump does all of that and more as the head of a crime family.  He cheats on his taxes, his wife, and even tries to defraud his own father.  Michael is having revenge on those who support Trump.
Read that script, you illiterate and bumbling clown. And, let me assure you, your preposterous so-called apology to the brewski maven is NOT IN MY NAME.
These assholes don't know what suffering is.
This POTUS, the one who holds the reigns in the year 2018 of our LORD Jesus Christ, gives me goosebumps. I truly believe he is heaven sent.
i have new found respect for senator Collins yet Lindsey "golden" Graham  (as dubbed by Owen  Benjamin) deserves top billing in the adulations
It's funny...You get the complete OPPOSITE reactions to this same video from the one  that the CNN YouTube channel had uploaded....
Who would you want on your side? An uncool, lying, drunken, lecherous judge or Taylor Swift!
GFYS.
The people who should be apologizing to Brett Kavanaugh are Mazie Hirono, Dianne Feinstein, Cory Booker, Blumenthal, and Harris! But they don't have the courtesy or decency to do what's right, hypocritical douchebags.
@Fox why did you put suffering in quotes?
From Australia..
Trump looks pretty good here..
Trump is the asshole of the world
Trump honoring someone as a great person...LMAO.
GREAT JOB PRESIDENT TRUMP..
CONGRATULATIONS JUDGE KAVANAUGH AND FAMILY...
GOD IS OUR MIGHTY SHIELD 
Love this guy. Unreal
Apologize? Kavanaugh should thank Trump for not allowing a FBI investigations into the three allegations brought against him. Without these investigations, no one can say he is guilty or innocent. However, Kavanaugh acted like a silver spooned, sniveling snowflake during his testimony. Very much unlike a Supreme Court Justice. He proved he is a partisan hack.
Trump is the only one who can fight for anyone accused like he did with Kavanaugh. He is the epitome of loyalty. Although moronic people like Omarosa will always take advantage of him. Love you mr. president!
Trumpster-Dumpsters, you got to stop marrying your 1st cousins, it's not good for your gene pool as evident in your low IQ comments and thoughts.
God Bless our dear President, Justice BK, America and Americans.
Perhaps the greatest con artist in modern times. Trump appeals to the ignorant masses by telling them he will stand up to the elites, he's got their backs and he's going to drain the swamp all while serving the elites with all kinds of gifts that increases their wealth and power. No Republican or Democrat has ever been this effective
That's my president. Outclassing the Scum Demorats.
Liberals are shameless cretins who hate America
So glad I voted for this man
Imagine if California went red... the liberals would probably start jumping off a cliff in rapid secession
Things are better now that McCain is dead!!!!!
The Democrats are the ones who should be apologizing. What sick, twisted lunatics they are.
Trump apologized FOR the people responsible. He knew he had to be the bigger man than these cowards. Kavanaugh deserved to hear this from them. Thank you Mr. Trump.
Fucku  fucku
Suffering????
Trump should be apologizing to the entire nation for the pain and suffering he has inflicted.  Cant wait to see the demented, over sexed and under hung pervert charged for the 16 sexual crimes he has committed.  Trump is the most repulsive example of someone who will do anything to stay in power.  Oh joy - special thanks to Rob Portman wife beater.
Who's VOTING RED??? This guy (ME) 
What a moron, the world is laughing at you all.  Keep the lieing Chimp away from the Nuclear launch button.
What is Dr Ford was sexually assaulted? I am just curious what people would think.
A f** rapist is elected to the supreme court by Republicans?  Not surprised really, just look at the misogynistic draft dodger that republican voters and putin elected to be the commander in chief of your country.

Tell your daughters, mothers and sisters how proud you are to have voted for Trump and his male cesspool.
Word.
He's not even the one that wronged them. What should be happening is punishing the false accuser legally. Put her on trial for slander and anything else that applies. I honestly have a hard time believing anything Ford said except that she staggered home from a party. One beer? Yeah right.
 Liberalism arises from weakness and delusion. Liberalism is perpetrated, promulgated and perpetuated by the weak and delusional. Liberalism is weakness that ultimately leads to RUIN. 
Keep the Trump train rolling
I apologize too Kavanaugh. America owes you an apology.
Defending Innocence before being proven Guilty ..is a worth cause our leader went to bat for us to uphold

very proud of that
God bless my President Trump!!!
Great moment for the country.
I feel so bad for what the evil Dem. Libtards together with the Liar Christine Ford (made up baby voice to sound like a victim) did to him! I hope and pray GOD does justice for him AGAINST them all!
I wish he would say the same for Mexican and African Americans who are sometimes imprisoned for a crime they did not commit
Have we ever had such a classy President as this?
Lovely. Defending trump on my channel is making liberal heads explode. Why on Earth anybody would find this controversial is beyond me.
Down with the dems and Trump till the end! MAGA
Standing ovation!!!
Trump teaches us all a lesson. Now, who will apologise to Trump for the disgusting media coverage of the last two years.
Because PAPIST sexual predators deserve apologies.
A class act.........
Thank you Mr. President.
Thank you President Trump. That was the right thing to do. The Kavanaugh family has been put thru so much.
President Trump will truly go down in history as one of our nation's greatest Presidents. On par with some of the earliest President's in our nations history. God Bless President Trump. God Bless the people. God Bless America.
Why don't you apologize to families  of those you let die in Puerto Rico, and to the families of those with kids still dying in those makeshift detention centers, Donald Chump?!
CORRUPT REPUBLICANS THIS WAS NEVER ABOUT SEXUAL ASSAULT, IT WAS ABOUT KAVANAUGH'S HONESTY, BIAS AND EMOTIONAL STABILITY UNDER PRESSURE. KAVANAUGH FAILED TO BE HONEST IN PAST HEARINGS, THIS TIME HE SHOWED UNCONTROLLED BIAS TOWARD DEMOCRATS. PARANOID STATEMENT ABOUT THE CLINTON'S AND AUTHORED OPINIONS  ON TORTURE (DURING BUSH ADMINISTRATION) THAT WERE WITH HELD BY REPUBLICAN SENATORS. CORRUPT.
I've never regretted voting for him: love you Trumpy!
Round of applause for this speech. I feel sorry for what the evil left have put this man and his family through. President Trump is looking better and better.
Trump is instructing Kavanaugh, publicly, that this is the way he expects to be treated, or else...
Trump is learning fast. And so is the GOP
November everyone goes to vote! NO excuses
How backwards can you be.........I can say this though, he is either very stupid and very dumb.....Women already are at about 63 to 65% against the indicted co-conspirator and said they're voting dem for congress next month.....So why would you rub a woman's face in the dirt by first nominating a liar and alleged sexual assaulter and then saying the accusers were all lying!Yeah, kinda thinking very dumb and very stupid...Stay tuned......
I just figured out why the leftists hate President Trump so much. He works for a living.
This is going to hurt the democrats in the midterms which shows the extent of how far they will go to take down any one who is apart of the trump administration.
WOW!!! AND I MEAN WOW!!! MAGA!!!
Wonderful !!  ...with love from England xx
President Trump has such class, truth and honestly.  Good for him, so Presidential.  History in the making, our Greatest President.
Keep wining
Trump was crude in the beginning but hes learning the ropes and looks more Presidential than ever. Hes almost too good to be true!
Why do we need liars, deceivers and sexual deviants in order to advance our agenda? Maybe we have steered too far from God's agenda.
God bless president trump and judge kavanaugh and all his family...
Trump is the best! Here's to Trump and the American people. Cheers!!!
God bless America
Thanks God Lord.
Democrats are concerned Kavanaugh will hit on Ruth Buzzy Ginsberg. Can't wait to replace her!!!!
God bless you, President Trump and God bless the entire Kavanaugh family. With love from England. 
Orange man baby has not much longer to live.
I think Trump should apologise to the world for being such a tool.
Well said Mr. President
How anyone like Colbert want to destoy anyone's life, but what he has sown and all those who have sown evil will reap evil what goes round comes round ...the Lord forgive them....bless President Trump Vice President Pence who believed the Truth...bless Justice Kavanagh and all his family pls Republicans vote vote vote vote to keep America that God formed trust in God and God will bless America...we are praying for you ....
I think it is so great that Trump has finally gone on record to say that everyone, including presumably Hillary, should be treated as innocent until proven guilty. Finally some common sense from a politician!
The libtards do not see the harm they did to this man ,only ford .
Trump 3020
Hey, who is the FOX News peon in charge of your YouTube Channel?  I just want to know why you put "suffering" in semi-quotes in the title. Do you think his family didn't suffer during this debacle? Is this all just a joke to you?
OMG!!! did I just here a government  Official say our great Republic??? wow thats  I think a first for me since, politicians keep on saying democracy "which we aint." 5:32 "our great Republic." I love it!!
The Republicans need to go on the offensive against the left.    Time to start dropping the hammer on some of them and see how they like it.    Obviously, the wont have idiots harassing them in restaurants because MOST people on the right arent deranged sociopathic snowflakes and actually have lives....but the heat needs to be put on the left.    Their gloves came off...now ours need to, as well.
Very true. Innocent until proven guilty. Salute the president 
Kavanaugh was never cleared legally due to an legit investigation.  The whole Ford ceremony was real for her and us listening however, dear woman, you waited far too long to be in any way effective.   
Kavanaugh was a teen and a brat then as his jock friends were also.  He may have been the worst due to some religious or parent pressure to be a virgin jock.  To most guys and girls at age 15 to 17, who cares !  Its more if youre age 50 and a virgin we might have concern  . . . .
At age 50, you wont need beer to breach that barrier  
Justice Gingsberg looks like she is long past retirement, cruel of the Democrats to force her to keep serving.
Watching all this from England. Well done America on NOT BEING BULLIED BY THOSE DEMORATS.
Hm... Is Murkowski hiding?
Orangutan man big pervert very prejudice
Vote Republicans to get back at the Dems for the pain and suffering they put Justice Kavanaugh and his family. The campaign of personal destruction, lies and deception the Dems run against Justice Kavanaugh was DESPICABLE. The Dems broke every rule of decency, fairness and due process. Vote Republicans to maintain the presumption of innocence. Vote Republicans for Congress and Senate to save America from the Dems, the party of crime and mob rule. Vote Republicans to maintain the rule of law, safety and stability and keep Make America Great Again.
Im so grateful Trump honoured October, our North American month of Fall & Halloween.  His facial skin tone was a nice surprise  
I am straight out disgusted by theway liberals i.e. closet communists behave like rabid animals without any decency or morals, and always get away with it!- It's just the same way here in Sweden, there are so many braindead closet communists over here......
What suffering?  Trump and half the country has no idea of what family and individual suffering is. Trump is without any idea of the common man.
What an asshole...
Great Men!
The crazy Left treated the honorable man and his family as if they were 
mass-murdering baby-eaters.

Horrible evil on the Anti-American Left.
Make space on Mt. Rushmore for Trump!
Very nice.  Thank you President Trump.  God Bless.
The democrats are obviously guilty of treason, treachery,  rabble rousing, anarchy, deep state subterfuge, social chaos, anti- Americanism, socialism, division and must cease and desist now and forever..
Please tell me why the word suffering is italicized by every MSM outlet. 
The deep state runs very deep.
Trump was incredibly Presidential here. What a great moment for the Kavanaugh family and your country
Heel Boner for reelection in 2020 !
Write new laws to protect men against false accusations!
Of course Putins Puppet aka trump sympathizes with his fellow sexual predator. Our countries Liar and Thief knows how hard it is to hide his sexual violations against women. Worst POTUS ever. LOCK HIM UP
God bless our Great Nation.
  TRUMP 2020  
And who's gonna apologize to Melania?
Sorry NOT Sorry to What's Her Name?
I see the Russian bots are all over hail trump right 
Trump is a class act and a genius warrior . So glad to have him on our side
Rodger Ailes would be proud 
I love the foxtards here 
God Bless Justice Kavanaugh, His family, and Mr. President Trump! MAGA!
IMPEACH BOTH THESE DUMB FUCKS......LOOK AT HOW THIS NUMB NUTS IS TRYING TO TURN EVERYTHING AROUND BLAMING OTHERS....ONLY TRUMPATEERS BELIEVE THIS CRAP.
Trumps finest moment in my books
President Trump is pure class. Obama pure....ass
QANON!! :D
Root out all Commies and Socialists and Globalist Democrats from our country - like rooting out weeds from a garden.   MAGA!
Say it with me folks, PROVEN INNOCENT! MAGA
Notice the prison stripes on President Trumps tie 
Thank you God, Thank you President Trump and Judge Kavanaugh. We are all in the war against evil- parents, families, public servant, emergency persnnel, fireman, law enforcement, legal and law systems, churches, legislators, military and educators- many have been hurt and even killed. We must be Godly, wise, strong,  courageous, and unified. Pray, stand and fight the good fight.
Were tired of codes & talk....time for you & the team to pull the fn trigger.
Are there really any conservatives  left who will not proudly vote for President  Trump in 2020?
Trump is to politics what Biggie Smalls was to Hip Hop, a game changing genius!
Brett kavanaugh ...salute..from INDIA..
PREZ.DONALD J.BOGART AND JUSTICE BRETT BOGART, WE SALUTE YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Piece of crap liberal judges wouldn't even stand for justice done. Lets hope they die soon...
Kav is a beast 
When does Trump sleep if ever?
PRESIDENT TRUMP SHOWS NO RACIST TOWARDS ANYONE..THANK YOU PRESIDENT FOR BEING OUR VOICE AND MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN & MAKING Your PROMISES COME TRUE...THANK FROM THE BOTTOM OF MY YOUR ARE THE BEST PRESIDENT EVER.....ITS NOT EASY DEALING WITH THE DEMS, LEFTISTS, SOCIALISTS, HOLLYWOOD ELITES THEY ARE GOING DOWN LIKE THE TITANIC !!!
For those who enjoy people's suffering, enjoy people shunning you for a long time.
Ginsberg looks like shes gonna croak any time soon.
..Trump 2020...
MAGA 2020!
Noticed trump never looks at his notes to speak
Time to deem Ginsburg Medically/Mentally unable to perform her duties as SCOTUS Justice.
Lord of the flies!
Biggest pervert orangutan man
The president should have just said, I would like to thank everyone who is not a dem.   I cant wait until we hold the seats in November 
Mr. President....your strength to endure these strange difficult times is extraordinary and you are so very admirable. I pray daily that God continues to keep His hand on your shoulder to achieve all your goals for the American people. Youre the best President in American history.
Greatest President and the Best pick for Supreme Court!!! Three more like KAVANOUGH!!!
First time Trump has ever apologized for anything
It's about time someone apologized to him. Apologies need to be forthcoming to the women who legitimately were assaulted and who seek or may want to seek justice. The Democrats have marginalized them by allowing this mockery of crying wolf to be forced upon us.
Due process, says the orange  that ruined the CENTRAL PARK FIVE'S LIFE.
this is why this man is loved by his country. God bless America
Stick that in your pipe and smoke it The View.
Democrats are evil, evil, evil people.
Give Trump 3 terms. He deserves it and to rub it in the vile Democrats' faces.
Our president has class. MAGA
When was the last time you heard a PRESIDENT give open thanks to individuals. No grandstanding for himself. A man among men. 
He is MY PRESIDENT 
CONGRATULATIONS JUSTICE
KAVANAUGH
Get Nadler Feinstein Schumer, etc., beneath contempt Alt Left self-righteous self-serving fool politicians backed by spineless cowardly fake Ovomit out of office.
God bless and strengthen our POTUS, a warrior of truth & justice, a remarkable true American HERO,
Beneath contempt Alt Left keep underestimating our brilliant strategist POTUS Trump who has more intelligence and character than all them put together, and why he is a billionaire and President and they are nothing more than dysfunctional sore losers, wasting the taxpayers hard earned dollars obsessed disproportionately with their undermining Trump crusade, instead of focusing on solutions to the REAL DIRE issues facing their constituents, like out of control housing costs that may render millions of Americans homeless, rising costs of medical care & education, gasoline, billions wasted on foreign wars, etc. 
VIVA OUR TENACIOUS POTUS TRUMP! May he trump (forgive the pun) his Alt Left Democrat enemies November 2018 once and for all. 
VOTE TO DEFEAT SCUM ALT LEFT IN NOVEMBER.
So very happy President Trump said what so many are thinking. We love our President  Congratulations Justice Kavanaugh! 
This beautiful apology and grand ceremonial statement from President Trump makes me proud to be an American. Standing Strong for 2020
// President Trump  The Best Every President  , The Liberal  Nazis  Hate Him  Because  They Cannot  Buy Him Thats Why He Is The Best. President  In The History Of America!!
I am so proud of our president ....congratulations Justice Kavanaugh....
Thank you President Trump
DJT is getting more Reaganesque every day.
Freeze it at 1:58. Who's the homeless woman in her pajamas wearing gray gloves?
dr. Christine Lousy whore should have been there to publicly Apologize to JUSTICE KAVANAUGH AND HIS FAMILY. 
MAYBE SHE WOULD STILL HAVE SOME HUMAN DIGNITY. .
Yup, Trump is our voice...
Good stuff from the Donald. Liberals crying about Trump defending Kavanaugh and mocking survivors in 3, 2, 1....
My heart goes out to the kavanagh family,for the torment that they had to endure!!!but i think it was god's will,so that he could forge him,into a judge of even greater clarity and understanding and perseverance!!! and into a true champion against evil!!
GREAT MAN 
Toad acts like there was a real investigation... Pretty easy to clear someone when you don't look at any facts... Kavanaugh will always tainted.
It is only fitting that Trump apologize to Bart O'Kavanaugh's family for choosing off the Federalist list of 24 pro-lifers a mendacious Irish Catholic with serious liquor, memory, and entitlement problems. But then we all know that Trump always does the classy thing.
Why did Fox News put "suffering" in parenthesis? Fox is starting to be CNN lite.
It was obscene. Bless his   They put him and his family through the wringer, and came out triumphant on the other side. God Bless the President, God Bless Justice Kavanaugh, and God Bless the United States of America.
It has only begun. Kavanaugh will never step foot outside without being addressed as RAPIST. No matter where he goes, restaurant, movies, church... everywhere he is LOUDLY going to be called by his REAL name... RAPIST! I think it appropriate to start filing child welfare reports since as a rapist, his daughters are in EXTREME danger of being molested by this rapist whore!
this guy...  blows my mind
Yeah well at least he didn't get hit by a bike lock, feces, urine or a steel rod like patriotic Americans have. Then witness oath breaking cops & judges free the domestic terrorist.
At least his job wasn't filled by an illegal immigrant.
But one thing is certain, his children's future is the same as our children's future. One of despair, corruption, loss of freedoms and liberties if the domestic enemies of this country don't hang, illegals deported along with those granted citizenship who are actively defying their oath by promoting socialism, open borders or sharia law.
RBG looks like she almost died in her chair.
Trump is a liar   Kavanaugh is still an accused sexual predictor  His name was not cleared, They didn not listen to all of the witnesses. It was a farce
Great words of Presindent Donald J. Trump. In Argentina they never show this kinda stuff! I wonder why?... they hate him that is why!... but i dont care what brain wash majority say, Donald Trump is a great man!
Wonderful speech President Trump.  The left liberals think they are smart but our President is so much smarter and wiser.  Trump 2020.  He saved my job, made the stock market rally, lowest unemployment in 50 years!  Build the wall please.
I prayed for Brett Kavanaugh and his family everyday of this outlandish ordeal. God bless and guide you Justice Kavanaugh!
Ginsburg is so old third seat opening soon lol
may Justice prevail , let's round up the liars
Great speech Mr. President!!!! I salute you.
I love you President   Trump !
Punish the left for what they have done. Jail them and anyone involved.
kavanaugh and cosby , two of the same type of pervert.
Bolsonaro is coming guys, we're gonna smash  comunists that are ruining Brazil.
Somebody wake up Ginsberg and tell her that her seat is next
Because of what Kavanaugh went through, I see him as a victim of bullying.

During all the grilling, he came across to me as a personable human being with a normal adolescent, not some stern judge with no heart.

That is exactly the kind of people we need in the Supreme Court.

Cheers, Your Honor! 

P.S. I like beer too, even today.  You know, beer!
The finest ceremony I've ever witnessed.
President Trump adds common sense, dignity, and a touch of high class to every gathering.
Very proud.
Yes Thank You Judge Kanavaugh.
I agree Mr President 
Passion has no place in reason.
Incredible piece of history. Thank you Jesus.
Great President
come on.. what about Lindsey? Thank Lindsey...
I would say I would like to apologize oh behalf of Americans but I no longer classify the     Anti Trump Democrats as "Americans"  who smeared our Justice Kavanaugh's name.  I don't know what to call them now but American is a label I don't think they deserve anymore.
Those who thumbed down are o obviously  Against Law And Order and the constitution .
brought me to tears.
 Praise the Lord the ALMIGHTY
A DRUNK, PERVERT AND A RAPIST ON THE SUPREME COURT, JUST WHAT AMERICA NEEDS

A SEXUAL PREDATOR APOLOGIZE TO ANOTHER SEXUAL PREDATOR HAHAHAHAHA ONLY RAPEPUBLICANS CAN DO THIS HAHAHAHA
As soon as Ford came forward. She was already being very very investigated by the White House, FBI, CIA and your freaking local Girl Scouts. She is a liar and a fraud. Trump has dirt on the democrats that he will grind deep in their wounds until 2024.
WELL said....
God Blessed America with SCOTUS Brett Kavanaugh. Thank you for fighting POTUS Trump  and Kavanaugh's. 
Conservative need to step up aggressive your oppressed now by left wing media.
While we are at it, Trump should apologize to Weinstein, Crosby, Mooves and himself for the stress that the nation has put them through because of sexual assault allegations. After all they all deny it, and vigorously, right?
thank you so much for sharing this, what a wonderful family once in a life time, they must be so proud of their dad.
Flake was flaky for a while.
Taxpayers should give him the equal amount that the left gave fords go fund me page.  He suffered just as much damage, and could use the two million as much as ford can.
He continues to grow on me
Maybe now the Supreme Court will make judgments according to the Constitution not their feelings.
I have backed President Trump since he first announced he would run for President in June 2015. I knew right off that he was a winner and would win. I remember posting this on YouTube and being attacked, but that did not stop me. When the campaigning started, I worked his campaign and loved every minute of it.  I noticed right off that, then, Candidate Trump, was THE only candidate with a vision for our country. Other candidates not only were not equipped with a vision, when asked, not one of them had a good response about what they would do for the country. Not so with Candidate Trump. He would give a healthy litany with specifics of how he would "Make America Great Again." Now, it is fun to see what new thing President Trump has done to "Make Anerica Great Again," such as his recent modification or enhancement of NAFTA. I love to follow his accomplishments because I know I will be working his campaign again. 
Now, this evening folks, I am concerned. I see on YouTube where the Clinton's are going on a speaking tour across the country. I think how depraved and demented this is. How in Gods name can they be allowed to do this thing. Are they not, at minimum, a pair of serial killers? I think of the damages done during President Trump's campaign - the lies told etc. They should both be banned from ever serving in office again, or from being at all involved in politics. I encourage watching two videos on YouTube, then tell us your thoughts. Spread the word:
Video #1: "The Clinton Chronicles. "
Video #2: " Twelve Clinton Whistleblowers Found Hanging from Doorknobs." (Incidentally, Robin Williams was one of the twelve)[This is a MUST see]
Trump is the apology president. NEVER apologize for America!
I shed a tear or two during this ceremony. My son and I broke out in a dance of thanks giving to Jesus our Lord. He heard our prayer. We love you 45 and Justice Kavanaugh. Much love from Australia.
What do you call the Supreme Court after Kavanaughs nomination ?  T H E    R E P U B L I C A N    H I G H    C O U R T. Average American has not business there.
What do you call the Supreme Court after Kavanaughs nomination ?  T H E    R E P U B L I C A N    H I G H    C O U R T. Average American has not business there.
What do you call the Supreme Court after Kavanaughs nomination ?  T H E    R E P U B L I C A N    H I G H    C O U R T. Average American has not business there.
He does not need to apologize on my behalf for that honkey rapist bret
So glad everything is ok. God answer prayers for protecting the kavanaugh family. Glad he was vindicated. May God continue to keep them safe. The democrats are pure evil for what they try to do and failed.
Trump is The Greatest President in US history and Mitch McConnel has shown his mettle and is beiginning to conduct himself as The Statesman that he should be.
president you rock! go go go
How pathetic !
Is that the President of the US ?
Disgusting. The first ' winner' who whines as cry baby.
I am a legal immigrant, adopted by this nation as I adopted it. I add to POTUS apology to the Kavanaugh Family.
Gotta LOVE that President! Congratulations Brett Justice Brett Kavanaugh!
sue them all! teach them a lesson.
Brett Kavanaugh IS four things:

1.)  A rich brat, who did not get enough attention from his parents
2.)  A drunk
3.)  A hot head with a terrible temper
4.)  A sexual predator who has always believed he's above the law



Yeah, OK...now I see why Chump likes him so much.
The president knows everything about lies and deception total tool...
DEMONCRAPS GOING TO VENEZUELA IN 3,2,1..... NAH, NAH THEY WILL STAY AND KEEP DISTURBING THE AMERICANS
YOU KNOW WHAT I AM FIGHTING FOR . I AM FIGHTING FOR WOMAN'S RIGHTS. I AM FIGHTING FOR WOMAN'S VOICES TO BE HEARD AND I AM FIGHTING FOR WOMAN'S VOICES TO BE BELIEVED . IF YOU FIGHT FOR THE SAME AS WELL LIKE THIS COMMENT . WE BELIEVE WOMAN
I'm so proud to call Trump my President!
Recognition and respect!!! Excellent!!!
Trump is really starting to become presidential. He does that on top of his policy wins and he will be a legendary president.
Democrats are a disgrace to the country, they are the ones who have to be investigated, they are the corrupt, pedophiles and rapists
President Trump is correct, the insanity of the demonRats.
As an ugly first ladyboy once said: I'm finally proud of my country.
"Innocent until proven guilty". God help us if the Democrats ever get power.
Good Work Mr Trump.
Thank you, President Trump, thank you! Those girls may never forget the awful things that were said about their father, but now it is forever Trumped by THE PRESIDENT looking directly at them and declaring their father a great and honorable man.
Happy ending!
Go Trump!
The BEST PRESIDENT EVER. PERIOD.
Is Ginsberg breathing ?
80% of the country thinks Trump has selected another bottom feeder, like everyone else. Most are either in jail or are about to be put there. What does that say about the fool in the well soiled White House? Not much if at all.
The value that Trump has that makes him stand out against the mob is his very genuine compassion. That is why the Luciferian Left completely sell their souls to despise his true character that they don't find in their own circles...of other Luciferians that despise genuine compassion that has held our Nation Under God to the highest standards of loyalty and compassion, traits that the Left do not hold too dear to their climaphobic Darwinist hearts 
We are tired of winning!
Another victory for conservatives. Democrats are you used to losing yet, get used to it!
Emperor Trump 
Scandal around Supreme Court judges brewing, standby...
Resignations?
Coming Soon 
Watch and pray 
God will NOT be mocked
That's very nice to see.
I could care less. I don't praise man I praise the creator of our universe God Almighty.
2:29
Lmao, look at the "famous" RBG's defeated expression. XD I can't believe that professors and students at my college worship her.
Our president makes me proud to be an AMERICAN ,THANK YOU PRESENT TRUMP.  GO 202
This was emotional for me. I guess I feel other peoples pain. Gosh so horrible what they did to him. Just horrible
The left usually labels people as "survivors."  Maybe we should call Kavanaugh a "libel and slander survivor."
Cocaine Mitch! 
Ford for jail !
Well said Mr. President
GOP, run on THIS in 2018. There's a lot of tape, a lot of video of the offenders being horrible. RUN ON THIS!!
Is RBG awake?
I LOVE President Trump so much!! He spoke for my family and millions of other families in this country, who were disgusted and outraged over how the Kavanaugh family was unjustly and despicably treated by the Democrats. No other president would have done this, but President Trump is utterly fearless and absolutely FANTASTIC!!
Just when I thought I couldn't love him any more, he proves me WRONG!!!!   God bless President Trump and Justice Kavanaugh  I pray god watches out for them in these violent and troubled times!!!
Hundreds if not thousands could be on the wrong end of lawsuits over this.  A lot of people are not sleeping well tonight because of this.
I'm a Canadian who's with President Trump and the American people who voted for him, and the new Justice Kavanaugh. I've been your neighbor for 78 years and I'm rooting tooting for the Red tsunami.
President Trump and Republican are the hope of American.
Right on Mr. President!
What kind of moron would vote for a demoncrap after this fiasco!
Nice title Faux.
the  Democrats  stand  Condemned 
by all decent Americans.

the Democrats are Fascist &  CORRUPT.
God bless President Trump!
THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA, "DONALD TRUMP,"  HEAVENLY FATHER LET YOUR WILL BE DONE ALWAYS.
Was waiting for old ginny berg to tip over and open another seat up.
Vote the Dems out .
The good guys
Thank you President Trump for your honest apology for US ALL!!! Justice Kavanaugh and his family,  and the Senate deserve this...
My heart and love goes out to Brett Kavanaugh and his family. My congratulations goes out to America and the rule of law. Innocent until proven guilty for a reason for centuries. God speed Justice Brett Kavanaugh. Long and healthy life to you.
The radical dems only exposed their criminal ways and made us love justice Brett Kavanaugh more than any other Justice in history.
Wow. That is a great ending to one of the most epic political battles.
Better yet , arresting & charging those on the left for their illegal sleaze would sure go a lot further than an apology .  Then hope those convicted will appeal their cases ALL the way to the Supreme Court . Ah justice served .
NOW THAT'S CLASS!!!!!GOD BLESS you PRESIDENT TRUMP!!!!YOU NEVER CEASE TO AMAZE ME !!!!!CONGRATULATIONS "JUSTICE KAVANAUGH!!! GOD BLESS YOU AND YOUR FAMILY!!!/THERE Was NEVER A DOUBT IN MY MIND, I KNEW YOU WOULD BE CONFIRMED!!!! PRAYERS for PEACE and HEALING OF BODY MIND , SPIRIT,&COUNTRY!!!TRUMP\PENCE 2020
I love President Trump
Proud  thankful  grateful.
Military tribunals coming soon. Can't wait for that show.
Tens of millions of patriotic Americans are praying that our nut-case president will soon be locked in an insane asylum where he belongs
Midterms coming.  Time to keep Trump Train Triumphant.
Congratulations and welcome Judge Kavanaugh. President Trump you, Sir are doing a great job.
Someone should probably check to see if RBG is awake..... or breathing.
What about our Pain and suffering caused by you ?
Now that is MY President
hahaha  suffering ? hahahaha really ? some more great comedy
"...from generation to generation..."
Listen  minorities if you are a American Hispanic Citizens don't let the DEMOCRAT POLITICIANS  use you... To say we need Sanctuary cities ..AMERICANS HISPANIC CITIZENS WE COME FIRST HERE IN.   N.Y . STATE....
Vote republican in the midterms so Trump can continue to make America great!
A writer on the Colbert show posted a comment on Twitter that Whatever happens, Im just glad we ruined Brett Kavanaughs life." Her defense is that it's supposed to be sarcasm. People are actually defending her comment because they say that his life wasn't ruined because he's now a Supreme Court Justice. There's zero accountability on the Left. It's up to Americans to make Dems pay by voting them all out of power. The Left has become a terrorist group and have to be stopped at all costs.
Magnificent .   Very proud of my President and the NEW Republican Party.
Trump 2020! 
Trump is really stepping up in his job to understand where the real battles are. 
Hes doing a fantastic job. I feel hope for our country to be civilized again in time.
That's why I support my President.
YouTube is now blocking conservatives (like me)from commenting on live stream shows like Fox,and this one while being televised"!
Very nice but let's hear it from the Dems
RBG looked pissed off because she's next to go.
Nice job POTUS.  Thank you for that !!!
Liberalism isnt just a disease its evil.
JUDGE KAVENAUGH will make a great Justice In this case Justice was served
Always doing things outside the box. Keeps media and dems 2nd guessing at all times. No ownder their heads explode. Kavanaugh is great too but I meant Trump. :)
Hillary for prison 20/20
he is our voice
Very moving speech by America's favorite president.
THANK-YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP! !!!!!!
Wrong is right. Sexual assault victim should apogize to sexual assaulters.
HELL YEA INNOCENT UNTIL PROVEN GUILTY
2 justices seated...3 to go by pres. Trump
Trump is a true statesman !! 
Whats going on in this country ? Republicans have a new leader that is sincere about serving the American people even though he doesn't need the job and is already insanely rich and doesn't even accept pay for his service, verses the Democrats who have a long history of creating welfare communities that breed gang violence and perpetual poverty not to mention single parent families which is the norm in poor black welfare communities all over the country. What is there that is so hard for some Americans too see ???
Beautiful!  President Trump's speech was truthful, sincere, and heart touching!  It is how all our president should be!

translation... GO F YOURSELVES DEMS 
President Trump is a class act.
Dear folks from abroad, we are sorry to exposethe hideous liberal side of America .....trump is doing a great job
I wish President Trump were 30 years younger. Love Trump!
Thank you President Trump!!!
Boss speech.
The Dems and Ford should be prosecuted
The Dems and Ford should be prosecuted
No doubt, Mr. President. If anyone deserves an apology it is kavanaugh and his family.
God bless the Republic and  God bless President Donald Trump.
I hope neither of Kavaugh's daughters get caught in a room with an entitled drunken frat boy in the future. No one is going to believe them if anything untoward should happen.
fantastic
class, Obama ripped out the tennis court, had weekly black only parties and his wife enjoyed saying WHITES, they cant dance...
dont know how that quote disappeared
Mount Trumpmore!!!!
Excellent. Well said
Ginsburg in the front row didn't even wake up when everyone was clapping.
I love this . So Happy. Honorable man
Too bad you didn't allow a thorough investigation so that you wouldn't be just talking sh*t....
President Trump is a Godsend!! It's so refreshing to have a strong leader who puts Americans first, for a change!
Somewhere in a dingy room, Christine Ford is dropping acid, and talking to her Blacklight Posters.
HOME-RUN!
And so today we turn another page on the fight for our country. Let's see how vile the dems can get during the next month before we re affirm our hold on Congress. The more they talk, the more we as conservatives gain in support and strength. Please watch for voter fraud.
Go Trump and go Kavanaugh!!!!
MAGA 2020. You have my vote!!
God bless the Kavanaugh family. To hell with the Demon Rats, Soros, and Steyer.
It's incredible how the media tries to control and manipulate... even in Germany they reported about the evil evil judge with these stupid allegations, uncritically! The Left is dying, finally, and I'm full of hope.
You got a great president, America!
Justice Clarence Thomas sitting there next to Chief Justice Roberts can definitely relate to Brett Kavanaugh and empathize with him. What both of them were put through during their confirmations was truly shameful! And thanks again to Senator Susan Collins for her crucial role in making this moment happen, and putting a good judge on the highest bench in the land.
Classy introductuction, and southing to the Kavanaugh family.
I love that Trump can be so unorthodox/controversial at times but when it comes to being presidential he doesn't even try. This video was beautiful, god bless this man!
Good! He DESERVES an apology, but not from Trump. The Dems behaved disgustingly over the last few months.
An A+. Trump guarantees his re-election.
A very classy president,  thank you Mr Trump
LOL... you idiots are in for the shock of your lives come November.
I am not a supporter of either of them. Tonight Trump impressed me.
Totally Awesome :)
GOD BLESS YOU TRUMP
Eloquently spoken Mr President. So deserving.
This is an actual a good reason to raise a BEER!!!
Thank you Mitch McConnell for fighting for the right thing!
Those rats are still gonna cry "hes gonna remove abortion rights hes gonna remove abortion rights!"
Thank you Mr.President Trump for all you do and what you stand for. All American Citizens feel this apology was very necessary!
I am so proud to have you sir Donald Trump as my president, As an American citizen of Hispanic ethnicity I am proud... Trump2020!!!
NEXT patient! Half dead Ginsburg iss not happy clappy.  Anthropophagus! Rotten Anti Any Nominee Supreme Court Ruth Ginsburg: Ped*philia is Good for the Children! That Cold Crab Omelet Fake Rapist Recipists! Pundit Psychopaths!
Honorable Good will always defeat Evil. The dems (demons) have downright lost any remaining decency. Scum.
This President....President Trump has taught the Republicans and others in our side to finally STAND UP and fight back!! Enough is enough. We must all get up and vote REPUBLICAN this coming mid-term . This is about US!!! The People!! Let's make sure we stand up together and VOTE and keep America Great!
I apologize as well to the Kavanaugh's for the despicable way they were treated by my "countrymen" and by the enemies of this country, the mainstream media. But, it's over now and YOU WON!!! Congratulations JUSTICE KAVANAUGH!!.
Dont forget to vote in November, everyone! Im worried about the Republicans.
demorats the party of chimney punchers,soyboys, dumb sluts and unevolved primates.
One advantage Justice Kavanaugh has over the filth that tried to damage his name and character is that when his life is over, he will be able to stand before Almighty God with the comfort of knowing that God knows he was innocent.  As for the devil-worshippers, I wouldn't want to be them.  And God bless President Trump.  Not only a great President but a class act as well.
Savage. CNNs heads are going to explode. I love it.
WE  TRUMP!
Thank you for doing this President Trump. I have wished with all my heart that I could express this to Judge Kavanaugh and his family.
Obama could never say these words. ONLY A REAL MAN COULD, DONALD J. TRUMPS WORDS WILL BE REMEMBERED FOR ETERNITY, Obama who?
Thanks Pres. Trump for your grace in this moment...nice apology....He really had to earn this job. God bless Brett Kavanaugh and his family...congratulations!
Pharaoh.
I think that was a truly touching moment, for the President to apologize to Brett Kavanaugh. President Trump & Justice Kavanaugh deserve much respect for standing their ground over the democrats radical and sick games. Congrats to Justice Kavanaugh!! I hope he gets to have a nice cold beer now.. 
Thank you
Looks like Ruth Bader Ginsburg is sleeping as usual
God Bless President Trump as well as Justice Brett Kavanaugh.  However, I don't see any reason whatsoever as to why President Trump should have to Apologize for anything. The people who attempted to take down Justice Brett need to Apologize for what they've done.  Justice Brett didn't deserve the treatment thrown at him at all. President Trump doesn't deserve to have all these Schmuck Haters treating him the way they're treating him also.  You people filled with Rage and Hate are all in for a very Rudest of Awakenings of all, Period.
"At least you can admit to it President Trump .... try not to let it happen again !"
What a joke! The Mushroom Man and Budweiser Brettt will be impeached real soon. Both lying, cheating, predators!
VOTE BLUE!! Wake Up!! DON'T BELIEVE THIS LIAR!!
Trump 2020
is RBG even alive? or is it a weekend at bernies moment?
He will make,a wonderful Supreme Court Judge.
Truly he IS  America's President!   
I can only hope those so ensnarled to do this nation and her citizens harm, will SEE MORE CLEARLY how poorly they have been treated and made to falsely believe the president wants anything other than our nations safety, success, and assured future.
It was nice that President Trump apologized to the Kavanaugh family for the disgusting behavior of the democrat senators.  President Trump's bold initiative to apologize went a long way in the realm of doing what is right.  Maybe, just maybe future hearings of such appointments will not be made into a circus again, but I doubt it.  The democrats and their low moral standards actually enjoy such evil behavior at the expense of the tax payers.
Trump is on fire!!!
Trump 2020
impressive..
This is a great man I don't see him as a politician I see him as a hammer and I can't wait from the pound this stuff out
Justice for the New Justice Kavanaugh
Classy. Thank you President Trump and congratulations Justice Kavanaugh.
I'm so glad I didn't donate to the scheme go fund me page Ford has up. I'm not stupid. I feel for those who have.
Leftists parroting the "BUT IT WAS A JOB INTERVIEW" crap probably
CONGRATS BRET KAVANAUGH AND TO AMERICA!
I'm so proud of Trump! He's working hard. We have to get out and vote MAGA on Nov. 6th.
The heads will blow up yet again on the left.
We never had such a courageous President. All of the past Presidents would have distanced themselves from Kavanaugh and surrender to the TV pundits and the mob. All of them. But Trump was loud and clear from the beginning on his intentions. We never had such a President.
I pray the Kavanaugh family can heal with time.
Puts credit, where credit is due, and not a penny more, wwg1wga.  MAGA
It ain't over folks, the RATS will start something soon...It will peter out but then after the Dem routing in the midterms, hold on to your seats folks.
Healer and Chief. Well said Mr. President
Democrats scorn at Kavanaugh, then shamefully remember Bill, Keith Ellison, Anthony "Look at my" Weiner, Cory Booker, Al Franken, John Conyers, Bob Fillner, Raul Bocanegra, Dan Schoen, Tony Mendoza, Ira Silverstein, Steve Lebsock, Eliot Spitzer, David Wu, Kwame Kilpatrick, John Edwards, David Paterson, Antonio Villaraigosa, Marc Dan, Paul J. Morrison, Gary Condit, Tim Mahoney, Roosevelt Dobbins, Neil Goldschmidt, Jim McGreevey, Bob Wise, Paul E. Patton, Mel Reynolds, Brock Adams, Chuck Robb, Barney Frank, Gary Hart, Gerry Studds, Fred Richmonds, John Young, Allan Howe, Wayne Hayes, Gavin Newsom, Sam Adams and hundreds more.
We will make this right in November.
"I AM YOUR VOICE".    T R U M P.
VOTE RED NOVEMBER REPUBLICAN!
Trump wins AGAIN!
Class move Mr. President.
The reputation of Justice Kavanaugh is not tainted with me. Right from the start, I gave these allegations no weight, and dismissed them. Show me a contemporaneous police report, otherwise we have nothing to go on.
The information and accusations against Brett, should have been fact-checked before they were even made public. This was definitely a smear campaign spearheaded by Feinstein. You don't report a story unless you get the facts and confirm that it's true. But it seems the media just loves to publish stories based on speculation. Don't believe the mainstream media. They are liars and they withhold the truth. They rub shoulders with the Democratic Party and they are part of the terrorism and crime that it represents.
Trump deserves respect for his courageous defence of Judge Kavanaugh's right to a fair hearing when he could easily have thrown him under the bus - as most politicians would have done.
I, too apologize along with President Trump. Brett Kavanough and his family deserve respect.
And now. beer for everyone. WE LIKE BEER!!!! If anyone have problem with that. Screw the hell you!!
Trump ends up being the class act. 
Finally a man with the stones to fight back and call out evil. 

No more hiding cowardice behind terms like decorum. Total BS.
I second that heart felt apology......you were unjustly put thru the ringer for no other reason than political motives by the democrats.  May God bless you and your family for displaying courage strength and faith during the trial from hell.
Right with you Mr. President! God bless you and the beautiful Kavanaugh family!
I hope you're going to go after all these left wing liberal nutcases for what they did to him and his family how low can these left-wing crooks go. My heart goes out to his family. 
The new PBS poll says 40% of Americans approve of crybaby Kavanaugh. Republicans are the minority. Trump is a minority president. Vote republicans out
The dems should have to pay to clear his name from all their damaging words of hate.
finally this man says something nice and normal.

We are all suffering under the presidency of the fool Trump. It is about time he apologized.
Now the lowlife should resign!
Central park 5. I guess it doesn't apply to black people
Well done Mr. President! A cut above the rest!
GOD WILL ALWAYS B with his chosen 1's AGAINST the SNARES of SATAN...GOD BLESS KAVANAUGH & Family & B with You ALWAYS
Well said President Trump, such a great point and worth pointing out!!
President trump is man of man.
President Trump is man oh man!
IT WAS LIKE HELL'S  MENTAL ASYLUM  VOMITED OUT ITS DEMOCRATS TO ASSAULT KAVANAUGH  AND REPUBLICAN  SENATORS
Thank You, Donald. Very Cool.
RIGHT ON...Pres. Trump.
Havent seen that much high-fiving since the prep school football team left the back bedroom down the hall at Beckys house during the Homecoming kegger.
This may sound unconstitutional, but I think the democratic party should be abolished.
President Trump is the most awesome president in history of the world! God bless President Trump, his family, administration, also God bless America! MAGA
Fake con man. Kavanaugh is the biggest suck up
Bill Clinton is a RAPIST
Notice how President Trump always values and Thanks others unlike Obama who is all me me me
What a class act! A shame the mindset of the liberal loser is so full of spite and hate
Ok whens RBG going to drop? Lets get one more
Finally, this nation has a real man for President!
God Bless Kavanaugh and his family!
God Bless America! 
God Bless Trump! God Bless Pence!
Wow..Just wow.
Vote straight red
F*ck Brett Kavanaugh. Period
Vote every Demonrat out of office 4 weeks from tomorrow!
Trump Kavanaugh TWO GREAT MEN GOING DOWN IN HISTORY 
Trump is by far the greatest president this country has had in decades if not ever!! great job Trump!! VOTE REPUBLICAN NOVEMBER 6TH!! 
CONGRATULATIONS JUSTICE KAVANAUGH!!!
President Trump as always a champion for the decent people of USA
IN YOUR FACE COMMUNIST DEMOCRAT SCUMBAGS!!!!!.......LOVING MY PRESIDENT!!!!!!
45MAGA!
Now that is a president!!
The evil leftists cry out loud to hear the formal apology from President Trump to the family of B.K.
6 Illegals dessert  crawling Boarder Jumpers disliked this Post.
Tainted rapist! Trump cheated on with mistress with a porn star and the reich wing loves it! Bunch of sick liars!
I bet Mr. POTUS has some knowledge that hasn't been shared with the rest of us. I guarantee that he has seen all of the transactions & details between Ford & her allies & has seen the proof of a Dem op. Makes you wonder if he was sending a message to the dems.
Thank you President Trump!!
Beautiful. Good job Mr. President 
That is our President.  May God bless America and President Trump, his family, and Judge Kavanaugh and his family. May God guide us into peaceful future.
Thank You President Trump for apologizing to the  family. That was the RIGHT thing to do 
This was appropriate, we can't be a nation that treats uncorroborated allegations 36 years later as facts.  Congratulations to Justice Kavanaugh and his family!
Apologize? Maybe that's what it took for the repubs to finally find their coconuts.  Never apologize for putting up a good fight.
Class act, the Senate owes his wife and children a formal apology as well and Miss Ford as well.
what a great PRESIDENT 
Finally some decency... Trump is a great President.
And the current morons in the Yale Law school, how have we fallen so low?
I think Trump is more "Presidential" now then Obama ever was.
TRAITOR!!
God bless you Brett kavanaugh, and congratulations,  love our new scotus and our president and fox news. And all good American people.
No decent American would vote for a democrat.
He shouldnt be the one apologizing but he does because he knowsban apology wont come otherwise
If you ever thought that Trump is is a Republicanism, you are out of of your mind.  He is a Ross Perot follower.  One can't make American life better by shipping jobs to Mexico and China.  That create the the income gap.  CEOs make more money producing overseas.  Do you get it.  Democratic party with Clinton and Obama do not want the working class better.  They are in in together to George Soros and their followers to get better.
Media will say he supports law and order so he must be racist and sexist.
GOTTA LOVE THE DONALD
President Trump has class!
go trump smash the communists
It was beautiful to see this family finally smiling again during the ceremony.
 You can tell they are simple and humble people, they deserve this family's success.
 Well said, Mr. President...
Congratulations & long live Justice Kavanaugh !!
trump is the man & the man of his word with actions.
Need to fill the offices of Democrat Senators with protesters who support Kavanaugh and Trump. Let them get a taste of their own BS!
Thank you Lord God for Justice , I love it! Trump 2020

Repent and Believe the Gospel  John 3:16.
"I Love the uneducated" - Donald Trump
The democrats are deplorable!
Amein ..
The best President  ever, you got to love this guy. Amen. 
I will not apologize for a red tsunami in 2018 I don't think the Democrats will be able to win the trust back of the American people
And he'll be the only one to do so.  Thank you Mr. President. God bless the Kavanaughs.
Ginsberg looks near dead! Someone get that women 6 million goy foreskins immediately!
Proud tonight to be an American.
GOD BLESS YOU SIR YOU ARE THE FINEST MAN OUR COUNTRY HAS EVER PRODUCED 
Every Democrat that voted no Beecause of Ford Testimony need to be removed from office...
I'm so happy and I'm not even American. Justice Kavanaugh will be a great Supreme Court Justice. He has got a beautiful family. Trump is a rock.  Best wishes from England.
President Trump, thank you for the apology on behalf of the American people. Its what I wanted to say!
Thank you President Trump
Hooray for Justice Kavanaugh!
Now it's time to swarm through the doors those lying liberal shills opened up, and take them all down.  Rule of Law extends past the events; the feds now have to follow up and prosecute all involved, no matter status or office.
President Trump never ceases to impress!
Yaaay ,sacrifice and devotion like no other ,,wife and daughters proved that women are the supporting foundation of great men
Who was wiping the drool off of Ruth's chin?
DemonRats will never-ever understand the dastardly deeds, they all committed. Therefore, DemonRats will never-ever change. Vote them all out of office.
Awesome. The Democrats deserve all the shaming they receive.
I love this guy ! the best President ever.
Ruth must have been tied to her chair so she didn't go rolling across the floor.  No.3
Not one single apology from the vile, poisonous left to anyone their false accusations have caused pain to. MAGA 2020
God bless The Kavanaugh family. Congratulations Justice Kavanaugh! We stand with you!
What a great president. Vote red and kick these nasty scumbag DEMWITS out.
I suffered watching this charade by these 2 predators, Trump & Kavanaugh pulled off on the gullible American public.
I LOVE MY PRESIDENT!!! 
Vote RED! MAGA 2020!
I was hoping someone would be decent and apologize to Justice Kavanaugh and his family. 

Obviously there are no decent people in the current Democrat party.
We want to see the FISA docs. Dont lie to us Trump.
Sorry Kav..  the dems are evil
FFFFREAKING AWESOME!
Yes! Thank you Mr President. No logic behind the left only evil agendas.
Trump is the best!
