No retreat no surrender...You call that an apology ? 
He has the balls to call himself a leader ? 
He's just another Drug Kingpin.
So... He only says he should apologize as a humble leader.  He doesn't actually apologize.  Further he only mentioned the first to try to show that Trump isn't as good as him.  Look at the smirk on his elitist face.
0:01 Mr Gorbachev tear down this wall !!!!!!l Ron Reagan, rolls eyes! Why can't we learn? Money for a wall vs build a super highway connecting Canada to mexico???? They have tunnels!!!!!! Hot air balloons? Rubber rafts! New towns grow up around the superhighway? Get yr kicks on route 66??????? Kids won't starve! Ghostwriter!!!! Wow, I really liked that DVD!!!!!!!
I'm American too but I was born in Mxico, America is a continent, don't stole the name of our continent.
Trump can build his wall the size he wants, the offense of us Mexicans is that he thinks and says that Mexico will pay for it, that will never happen !!
And for all the ignorant, America is a continent, it is not a country, America is from Alaska and Canada, to Chile and Argentina, a CONTINENT!
I love Trump...exposing all the hypocrisy. IN everyone..not just librtards, the WH and the establishment.
Fox is owning Trump pretty bad lately though. Nobody in the world, except for the Trump fans in America, has any respect whatsoever for Trump. The entire world points and laughs at how much your country turned itself into a laughing stock with Trump's antics. I wanted to give him the benefit of the doubt, but I was naive. At this point, even France is more respected than your country.
A man can admit his mistakes, Trump can never admit anything his done wrong. Mexico is not paying for the wall , we all are .
Aren't foreign languages amazing? "Fox" in English is a small dog-like animal.  Is Spanish, it means cunt.
he's shitting in his pants
How about a large aquarium?
There's an economy to the shittalk of folks, & it catches up with them & hits them in the back of the head eventually.
Mayans typically comprehend that.
;)
Fuck this globalist crony that sold out his country.
Mexico has big problem with refugees at their border that are trying to get into America. Decides to pay for the wall.
TRUMP WE LOVE YOU, BUILD THE WALL, DRAIN THE SWAMP
Doesn't sound like a sincere apology to me....you don't apologize to someone then ASK for one in return~~
THE OTHER WAY AROUND!?!?!?  You all treat illegal immigrants to Mexico far worse. You imprison them for years, steal from them everything they have, and abuse them in your prisons.
Fuck that coward asshole
I'm going to cross into Mexico or some Central American country & DEMAND benefits such as free health care, free food,, free room & board, & free education. Whatever country it is, they'll promptly tell to go "F myself" & toss me out.
I'm sorry, but as an American, I absolutely HATE the fact that we (all US citizens) have to foot the bill for all illegal immigrants who come into this country for benefits such a free healthcare, food stamps, & free education We should not be the provider or support Mexico, or Central American countries, period!!!
The higher  the wall  deeper  the hole
this dick head can go fuck himself
you shouldn't be affended when someone is trying to protect there boarders againsts drug lords and illegals. the wall just got 10 feet higher
You call that an apology?  And was using the F bomb appropriate for a President?  How about the apology for that ? We give your Country Billions in aid. And many more Billions supporting your poor an illiterate here in this Country.  Where is the Thanks and respect for that ?
Oh come on. I think these cheap click bait videos take whatever credibility you might have.
Less Talk, More Wall.
vincente, you're Donalds' BITCH!! don't ever forget it...
please dont let this motherfucker  speak anymore this shit is a big shame of mexico
If thats an apology then I need to make that my new way of apologizing.  "Oh I hit your car, well I'm humble enough and if I hit your car I'm sorry... but what about you hitting my car?"
vicente should have never apologized instead it should be the other way around.Trump should be apologizing to us because what he said really offended us.
"Jes, I'm homo enough" lolol
The wall just got 15 feet higher!
Oh, now that trump is going to win the presidency, you're changing your tune. Coward thought Trump would have no chance, so he could get away with it.
AND MEXICO IS GOING TO PAY FOR IT. DONALD TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT AND THAT'S THE BOTTOM LINE BECAUSE WE THE PEOPLE SAID SO
BUILD THAT WALL BUILD THAT WALL BUILD THAT WALL BUILD THAT WALL
This guy is a hilarious character. I think he might be an alcoholic.
for all you trump supporters with the excuse "Trump is not racist, he said not ALL mexicans, just illegals!". you can cram that up your ass, guess how many US jobs were lost "legally", how many mexican corn farmers were put out of work "legally", how much of the mexican environment was destroyed "legally", since NAFTA was signed? So, we can see, what "the law" is, actually has not much to do with what is right and what is wrong. ps. bush and bill clinton both had blood on their hands re: nafta. Illegal immigrants took our jobs? guess again. Someone gave your jobs away, legally. Someone called the US government. PS. undocumented workers contribute 12 BIllion with a "B" dollars a year to US social security. Go thank Pedro for shoveling cow shit on the grave yard shift at the milk factory so you can afford to buy your milk, lazy hateful white ignorant mother fuckers, because without Pedro, no social security for you! Stop falling for the knee jerk propaganda bullshit and do your research people. The US is in bad shape, but it sure is not due to immigrants.
Now built that fucking wall Manny.
What a half assed apology!
Trump,  please build the wall!
Mr Fox should go and fuck himself!
Beedy eyed liar
Hey Vicente, did you get the trowel I sent you?
Mr. Fox needs to be executed.
Fox spreading like the little pussy he is.  He's a coward and always has been.  He never had the courage stand up to Hugo Chavez.
I the only one that thinks this guy looks a helluvah lot like Saddam Hussein?
I'm sorry Mr. Trump...don't build a wall....can you just build casino in the border.....hahaha
You better show some respect towards the United States Of America.    I do think he's concerned that Donald Trump is in a much better position to become our next president.
He clearly said if "he offended him" But he don't regret or take back what he said!
Vicente is crapping his pants now that Trump is starting to look more and more like our next prez.
They are still going to pay for the wall now he is trying to kiss TRUMPS butt you don't mess with TRUMP.DONALD TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT Y'ALL LETS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN AND THAT'S THE BOTTOM LINE BECAUSE WE THE PEOPLE SAID SO
Fox is an IDIOT and Trump is an ASSHOLE.
A word to Vicente Fox. The wall will be built by an executive order of the President of the United States! Now, who do you think that is? The one and only President of the United States, President Donald J. Trump! And Mexico will pay for it!
Estados unidos se ira a la mierda con donald trump.Guerras,hambre y mucho caos
I was expecting Vicente Fox to say "fuck you Donald Trump"
scare of americans please ja ja ja jajajajajaja
About time he showed some respect to the 45th president. That wasn't really an apology though.
did any of you dumbfucks watch the video?
prepare money for a WALL!! trup 2017!
I still don't know if the majority of Trump supporters are just trolling. Do you guys think you're "sticking it to the man" by voting for him? Do you believe yourselves to be intellectually superior because you don't watch mainstream news? I'm genuinely curious
"Fuck... I'm going to have to pay for that f@cking wall..."
Ojala que quede Trump para presidente, asi rompan amistad y Mexico se una con Russia y sur America y manda a la chingada a los putos gringos para que se les quite lo mamones!
beady eyed mustache pete

calling us lazy drunks is the most obvious projection ever.
Everyone should apologize to Trump.
1000 feet wall with trenches that has metal spikes in it and 100 feet of electric fence. Before that, half a mile of land mines with barbed wires.
lol mexico just admitted to being scared and week.  I respected him before when he tried standing up to trump.  so far,  that hasn't worked out for anyone. THAT'S why we need trump to win
I was just going to say how nice it is that at least one guy had the stones to apologise,  but then he didn't apologise.  that isn't an apology,  it's an insult that implies trump just "took offense" without admitting any wrong and an underhanded way to beg for someone to apologise to you.
You call this an apology? He said "what about the other way around?".
Don't be angry you dirty little illegals! You are going home soon to see your true president
You are not humble. You have offended everyone. Your apologies are not sincere.
little more of a call-out to me 
Get off fox terrible person!
Hey he's showing he's the better man
suck my salty bolas Fox!
fucking tricky vic.. back at it again with the baity apologies.. tsk
Damn racist people here smh hypocrites
pussy
donal paid him
This video is stupid. More contex pls.
You can not expect fair treatment from a country that you illegally broke into. You are a criminal when you break into another country. It is a federal offense as I. felony. It is technically considered invading. I have no problem with other nationalities coming into the U.S. America was founded on these principles. America is a melting pot of all races and nationalities. However, you should come in the correct and responsible way so you can be tracked by the U.S. just like all the other legal Americans. You have no rights and no say what happens or goes on with you or anything in this country. For those of you who get mad and say they should stay is irresponsible and disgusting. You should be sent out as well for insighting international breaking and entering. When you have to jump over a wall or swim across a river you know your breaking the law and doing something your not suppose to. So don't say a thing when you get deported or thrown in jail. Your a criminal and a disgrace. How about stay in your own country and try and make a difference to better your country instead of breaking into someone else's home for your own benefit. 

#dotherightthing
Why are the vast majority of comments written by Donald Trump supporters? Oh wait, probably because they're as loud and stupid as he is
That's what I thought pussy. Now this little bitch is getting scared. He's thinking damn I better apologize because I'm a little bitch that likes to run my mouth and doesn't know shit. I better suck up so President Trump doesn't fuck me so hard. lol. Pussy bitch!
puto
Why is this clown apologizing to the scumbag trump? Grow some balls
That's a turd-brained apology.  Go fart in your own face, bean-dip shithole "presidente".  Build a wall and don't EVER let a mexican into the US again.
Apologize and go home, no one gives a damn what you think cartel shill
Remember trump they are not paying for shit.
25% of the video is intro
FUCK TRUMP
Man, trolls are coming out and struggling, like the economy, aha.
that's not the president of Mexico lmao your an idiot if you think he is
if you say im humble, you're not really humble just saying!
Fox you should be ASHAMED for how you treat your people.. ashamed. You need the United States and yet you allow this shit to get way out of hand. YOU KNOW WHAT MR. TRUMP IS SAYING.. you know. And you know it's about more than a goddamn wall. Mexico needs to wake the hell up. Stop looking like a bunch of pathetic assholes to the world.. your people deserve better... GET THEM EDUCATED and stop acting as though Mexico can't afford to help it's OWN PEOPLE. Truly, truly pathetic.
Where's the rest of it? Thumbs down
Fuck this chicken shit
You people are so incredibly stupid. When a man says "I'm sorry if what I said apparently offended you, but consider what you said to me", that is NOT a fucking apology.
The World would rather have talented Mexicans build the wall- From Pyramids to the US/Mexico Boarder wall- Watch out Great Wall of China! Mexicans build the greatest things on earth!!
Leader of who? One of the worst presidents ever
nothing to apolgize for. trumps not worthy of one.
Just like trump making white people look just as bad ..bringing the old racist America back..
He just needs to shut his damn mouth ,making Mexicans look bad him self..
APOLOGIZE? APOLOGIZE? YOU ARE GOING TO FUCKING PAY FOR the FENCE YOU MOTHER FUCKING BROWNIE PINKO..AND IF YOU DONT WE ARE GOING TO START ROUNDING UP ILLEGALS AND FEEDING THEM TO MEAT GRINDERS AND SHIPPING THEM BACK TO YOU VIA MINUTEMAN ICBMs INTO MEXICO CITY...THEN WE ARE GOING TO MARCH ON MEXICO CITY..FIND YOUR PINKO ASS AND LET ZOO APES BUTT FUCK YOU ON CAMERA
Estas bien menso fox todavia falta que el partido republicano lo respalde . y tu ya estas pensando que gano
Who actually likes Trump?  Everyone I talk to hates him, so how is he winning???
Fuck the other way around... keep your drug-peddling rapists inside your shit country or die. lol
Pinche Fox. Vas a ruinar a Mexico por esto.
Get your money ready
hijo de tu reputisisisima madre.
bitch dont even support your own fuck trump im a mexican. that works and pays taxes to this fucked up system that gives more percent of cash aid to those lazy fucks trump another version of those racial fucks!
bitch dont even support your own fuck trump im a mexican. that works and pays taxes to this fucked up system that gives more percent of cash aid to those lazy fucks trump another version of those racial fucks!
He didn't even say a name, he could have been talking about  fucking god for all we know
I thought the  southern states economy was based on cheap/illegal labor from Mexico. Well guess Trump will end up shot by an American after all!!!
Honestly,,your parks,movie theathers,banks,ect.ect.will be empty,,you call that peace??wel then have it..Without money,,No company ,bank,nor government can succeed..Fine,,Mexicans that stay in mexico are people who have a future there,but illegals come and succeed here in America dispite everone and every law against them,,more so in Mexico legally..
Vete a la verga hijo de puta!!!!
You have nothing to apologize for amigo--70% of all American hate that lowlife lying piece of scumbag shit named Trump!!!
Trump is a secret liberal. I cant believe you dumb fucks are falling for it.
where can i watch the full interview?
Listen everyone,,speaking for mexican,we will leave happily and leave behind millions of empty homes,neighborhoods,stores vacant,buisnesses closed..We will then see who the hell buys your fast food,clothes,cars,imported beer,EVERYTHING imaginable..Who?? We will then see who misses who..We will make Mexico prosper with good american education.We will simply not buy anything and you idiots will see your commerce crumble to the ground.$$Money make the world go round..
the wall just got another 10 feet taller
A worthless beaner who's the former leader of worthless beaners. Build that wall! But keep Taco Bell
Clickbait.
He's like, "Wait, Trump might actually win?! You're kidding right?! I guess I have to apologize now, but I won't make it good..."
Don't bother coming down here. No one in this comment section watched the video.
FUCK TRUMP, THAT STUPID LITTLE PUTRID FUCKING INBRED PIECE OF CUNT SHIT
He's not apologizing and saying they would pay for the wall, he's just a polite guy. The bait title is acting like he's submitting to the whackjob.
breitbart is about 4 notches down the totem pole from Fox news on journalistic integrity.
Mexican piece of shit
be very scare my friend
If Fox apologizes, the Mexican people should lynch him.
Johnny Depp should get acting classes from this guy.
great another thing for morons to repeat
thanks for zero context. usually you get to hear the ??????. bullshit
What a biggity bitch
Trump doesn't deserve an apology.  Fox shouldn't have even said that much.
Check out my new channal
Do you think Mexico forced him to apologize?
Take a dump on trump! 

Feel the Bern!
Fuck that ... Fuck Donald Trump!! Block me or report me . Donald is a fake, racist or not, he acts likes he is. Just to make these racist red necks happy
Spineless
really , really? Was it really to Donald trump.Media really needs to stop with this false shit they're spreading.
Such a weak fuckin man, apologizing to an idiot. Smh 
Beats Trump
lmao. he didnt really apologize
He forgot to say, "Stay thirsty, my friends."
I like in Laredo, Texas and I can't wait for the wall, we're expecting to have a pacific rim look to it.
I'm OK with the wall. I honestly can admit border patrol is vital...but as a leader posture and respect is everything. don't you see Trump is making us look like Jerry springer...more than what we already can be like...
you obviously don't watch South park...Mongolians!
Wall is coming.
So, Vincente Fox is "sorry" enough to try to use this insincere apology to imply Trump isn't as "humble" and "compassionate" as a great "leader" like, er, him! Try again Vincente and, this time, really mean it!
The amount of retards who think hes president is too damn high.
He didn't apologize. Fuck trump
Lot of racists in the comment section..
Fuck Trump Mas PUTO
he has nothing to apologize for. this is so wrong. dude u did the wrong thing as always. vexing!!!
I'm Mexican American and this man doesn't even matter anymore, so all you're little racist remarks are invalid , I live in California and you trump supporters are always hiding  specially in Los Angeles  and up north in fresno  ,Californians control California and it's a colored state that is strong enough and has that resources  you could put the wall  here but doesn't mean you changing anything .
He didn't apologize
Stupid Mexican ex leader. You free trade would go down. The Wall is coming your way.
Time for payback
theres so much retarded supporters on here.. btw i seriously doubt he actually is sorry. if he was mexican citizens would be outraged.
build the wall
i smell a butt kisser and a balls sucker..and a rat..3 things in the same person equals mexican president
I understand what he meant...but it totally sounds like he's saying "I'm Homo Enough..."
Trump 2016!!!!!!!!
LOL! Corruption is international...
Sr. Fox. Calladito se mira mejor y ya deje de estar hablando tantas pendejadas, a caso este loco de Trump se a disculpado con los mexicanos, no, y no lo ve hacer. Mexico a pagado muy caro ser vecino de Estados Unidos, desde la perdida de mas de su territorio hasta estos tiempos y para colmo de males sale un Idiota y loco amenazando a los mexicanos por problema de inmigracion. No sera que la presidencia en Mexico ya esta doblando ante las amenazas de este pendejo.
that's not even an apology
He is not apologizing.
Get your money ready Jose.
The Wall just got 10 feet higher bitch, pay up.
Donald trump is a man. REAL men don't say sorry because REAL men don't make mistakes. Donald trump
Its ok Vicente... the wall will be built on your dime and Mexico will be forgiven and the relationship will be repaired! Trump is VERY PRESIDENTIAL!
El Chapo is building more tunnels and with the money he makes off white crackshead. AMERICA IS GOING TO PAY FOR THOSE TUNNELS!!
Real Classy Mexican Man unlike that fucking white Drumpf Redneck money inherited melanoma prone swine Drumpf
This is why socialism is much better.
Vete a la mierda Trump! Necisitas watch your pico puta madre.
We're gonna build a wall on the Canadian, where them Immigration experts at?
ehhhhh chupasemen como abundan!
Don't vote for Trump! Vote for me
I must  say  that Mr fox  you should  be  ashamed  of  yourself for  letting  your  people suffer , let  them sell  drugs  and want  them  to  leave  Mexico for  another  nation. Why  doesn't  Mexico educate their  people and  provide a better  standard  of  live  for  her  citizen's. The  corruption in  the  Mexican government is  disgraceful , the  drug  cartel run's  your  country with  you politicians'. We  have  a  right to  build  a  wall ,  send  back  all  your  citizens and  ban all  your  drugs sales who  support  your  government .Despite  what  you  say  about TRUMP is  looking  after  his country  man and  you  should  be or  your  government should  be  doing  the  same . TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT
We want the FUCKING WALL!!!!!
So naive of Fox to apologise like that. Is he expecting Trump to say: "oh, yes if I offended the people of Mexico, then I'm sorry too...." 
That's just not gonna happen and makes it look as if Mexico were bending over to Trump's will after he managed to defeat the GOP... shame on you Fox, shame on you....
if you don't like here in America then leave
You may don't even think to go visit Mexico now Mr Trump is possible that the invitation could transform in a deadly trap. Remember that those Mexican politicians have always two faces and they stab anybody in the back at any time, they even do this to their own ppl., their own working class . This Mexican "Zorro" (Fox in Spanish trad.)is a mafia member from the highest Mexican level a criminal with so much money and power . Is possible that the man could be one of the greatest businessman of the drug cartel . Stay at large from this element or you possiblegone to regret i t. May he want to smell your lady's behind? You never know with Mexicans . " Remember that they are Mexicans "...
Sir you are not from the great family of Bull Fighters... Never fear the bull. Someone just got owned by americans new president. CHECKMATE
good for him and yes Trump needs to say sorry , because Mexicans are great people. I love them. They are hard workers
Get ready to have all your illegal citizens back, you'll be next to be invaded by the UN for having horrible living conditions, bitch.
This is retarded.  Even the little video clip does not show him apologizing. Where is the Apology?
Oh look another Mexican sucking dick... What a surprise...
The mysterious Donald trump, can turn his enemies into friends with one stop of his foot.
Make America gay again.
u can't stump the trump
We gonna build a big Waaaall. And make you pay for it.
We will cut you off mexico if you dont pay for the wall. Dont mess with us!!!
Wheres the whole video because the question could have not even been about Trump. Media just does things like this to decive us.
FOX: ME DISCULPO CON DONALD TRUMP, HABLE SIN PENSAR PERO HABLE CON UNA DE SUS AMANTES Y ME COMENTO EL CHORIZOTE QUE TIENE EN MEDIO DE DOS JAMONES SERRANOS. AS QUE AL SABER ESO DECID DISCULPARME Y QUISIERA QUE L ME DIERA UN POCO DE SU CHORIZOTE Y DEL RELLENO.
it's cool for whites to be openly racist now...thx to Trump....   lol.  that's what I see...Trump is a douche who thinks he is Vince mcman from WWE... and all his followers thinks he is real like wrazzling.....
Vincente Fox is a truly evil, Satanic figure.  His goal is the extermination of every white American so he & his corrup-tard oligarch buddies can buy up the wreckage easier.  That's Y he wants 2 save his wall $... so he can buy YOUR house after the cockroaches destroy your neighborhood. What a sweetheart!
He's not even talking about Trump you stupid people xD
Trump can suck my dick
I'm not even Mexican!! You're a coward
What a coward!!!!
How much did Donald pay you??
At least he has big fat hands...
stupid guy
I would not consider that an apology.
lol people are dumb af blaming EX president Fox for everything thats fucked up.  lmao illegal immigration. like did america forget how it started "settlers" colonizing and taking over peoples lands , lives, commiting genocide for its own greed. now please stfu.
Flag this autist video for a clickbait faggotry. Also adblock. #  Putin 2016
his government is trying to criminalize memes
Paid for by Donald Trump.
fuck! i hate his ass! before he abandoned ship he stole millions of dollars from his own countrymen. he jumped the border and cried to bush and his dick (Cheney). there are families  (mine included) who will ******.
don't come to California or you will ******
The other way around is the wall got another 10 feet taller.
click bait
half ass apology
What a little bitch.
This guy can't be trusted, there's deceit written all over this double dealing EX president of Mexico... Fuck him,he can suck a big fat tamale!!
Everyone knows that if Trump gets in some of the shit that countries pull won't fly.
This wasn't an apology... this was a "I am sorry if you are a little bitch and got offended" statement.
Apoligizes for offensive remarks= Gets hate. Trump says hes not going to apoligize for his offensive remarks="OMG hes so brave"
Get your fuckin shinebox.
ain't going to pay for no f'n wall.....will help pay for a tunnel though.
To Donald Drumpf: 
Please build a wall on the Mexican border and Canadian borders. The rest of the world would rather your stupidity be contained. Thank you.
If trump wins then Mexico is fucked...
Wall is going 100 feet higher after this video.
Don't apologize you fucking idiot !
This Is fake the question wasn't even about trump,
#trump2016


#fuckmexico

#allaboardthetrumptrain
No need to apologize. Fuck trump.
What's the national language of Mexico. Because you don't see our presidents speaking Spanish now.
The Liberals are getting nervous
welp time to move to canada this guy will but us in labor camps ggwp
never apologize to a clown
After realizing Donald Trump is already the Republican Nominee(which nobody thought possible) and after realizing he could win the Presidency, Mexic's Stupid Ass President(former) now apologizing 
how knows, for a politician to play to the fashion card like this, maybe they like it.
you're all sheep if you think Trump will do any good as a president. sure he does act tough, but it will not be his kids going into that war. #BernieSanders2016
I'm certain Mexico is capable of producing great things that can benefit all of North America, but they have got to clean up their corruption and cartel problem. I'd like to see the people rise up and start a civil war for the sake of prosperity.
Happy cinco de mayo?
Comments in this video are sad. Shows what kind of shit world we live in.
Fox, 
Please, just please, PLEEEAASE, do us Mexicans one small favor and SHUT THE FUCK UP.
You call that an apology?
This shows how capable Trump is. He is powerful already. Nobody will listen to Bernie. He's just an old man
Get your funds together PUTA !
SMH
What a little bitch.

The wall just got 10 feet higher!
Donald Trump apologize to him.... For what?!   Get ready "MORON" you are in (fact) going to pay for "The Wall".
Donald's enemies are starting to feel the heat lol
Primero, con tanto dinero de "Vamos Mxico", no puede tomar unas clases y perfeccionar su ingles? y luego quiere mas para su biblioteca Fox, y la partida que?  Luego, le saca Donald Trompas. Sostengase como machito, que no tiene palabra.
eres peor que una piruja y eso que la mayoria lo hacen for money
puto vendido de mierda
Trump must really need the Hispanic vote. The little insult at the end is to cover that up.
You do know. This really does not say he is apologizing to Trump, because...He could be apologizing to anyone. 

Then again its Breitbart ...They would not know the truth if God came down and told them.
Building a wall is not going to help us with our depth problems, but worsen it.
Donald Trump doesn't deserve an apology
Let the healing begin. #Trump2016
He makes a great point. Trump offended every Mexican.
The final trump heard for Obama-nation...  Apocalypse.
I like how this was purposefully taken out of context . wonderful
Never apologize if you haven't done or said anything wrong. Donald Trump knows this and that's why he won't apologize,he has nothing to apologize for.
Get Your Money Ready Because You're Going to Pay for the Wall - Trump
Trump Maga 2016
Whats worse? Vicente Fox or Trump supporters
wow...
trump paid him off fukin sell out.
if your humble, dont say at the end,,, but what about you
hey Fox!! 
If you and every president of Mexico would do your job and stop stealing Mexicans would not have a need to leave their country. You should be ashamed not offended you corrupt piece of shit. this is coming from a Mexican that had to leave my self. my family did it the legal way and I support trump 100%.
I wouldn't apologize to Trump. He's an asshole
I can't wait for Trump to become president
The comments here are disgusting.
nwo Zionists got something on him...
Build the wall. Make America great again. Tell democrats everywhere "your fired".
pussy
a wall is useless against a HYDROGEN SUPER GIGATOMIC NUKE BOMB  enough to wipe out the whole entire continent 

N. Koreas code name is Trump lol

Mexico and Cadana will need all the help from the world to keep trump and the rest of the White trash inside those walls 

happy American day MOtherfukka
Can't see you on the other side of the wall!
Who cares if you're offended. This is this the United States of America not the United States of Mexico. We can say illegal immigration is a problem just like your country makes it a 6 year felony to be illegal in Mexico.
He doesn't need to apology
How AMAZING would be forif Trump and his secret service threw Mexicans off thef***king wall back to Mexico!
What does the Fox say? I'm sorry.
You know what I learned in middle and high school, former president Fox? YOU DON'T BACK DOWN TO BULLIES. YOU IGNORE THEM.
mexicuck
Listen up you guys, the world is not like a high school. The richest or biggest country's don't get away with racism. Trump tries to build a wall and every country with a military will be coming for us
Cuck.
he has no right to b Medline in our politics trump is great
Is this fake?
Mexicans are alot smarter they can easily figure something out
Holy crap, the comment section is fucking cancer.
As a Hispanic, I'm not offended by Trumps comments, what he said had truth, but people just don't like him and like to twist stretch his words....and also I think Vicente Fox is more hilarious in his recent remarks.
When Donald Trump becomes president I call dibs on getting the top bunk by the window at the Labor Camp
to late fox, don't start kissing ass now. nobody gives a fuck about you anyway... bendejo! 
it's going to be a great fuckin wall!
No vamos a pagar por nada pendejos! Chingen a su madre pinches racistas.
So for long the US has been open to plunder by its enemy's that hate and despise us, now they are afraid their US tax payer monies will stop flowing into their country.
#fearpayingforthewall
Fuck that greasy spic. That was no apology
The wall just got ten feet higher
Oh no, so many Trump supporters....
watch the hole fucking video not just aclip
This apology does not sound sincere. Try again.
Stupid like a...FOX.
Careful Breitbart your racism is showing, you might want to cover up in your white robes until after the election!
YouTube comment sections under political videos are truly cringe worthy.
People on here thinking Fox matters LOL. Does the Mexican government care what Bush thinks in international affairs??? Then why the hell do Trump supporters value this as the Mexican government bowing down to Trump? LOL. This guy is a former president LOL.
He just wants Trump in Mexico so the cartels can take care of him and then he can claim it wasn't his fault.
LOL. No worries Fox. Trump isn't winning...looks like the Democrats need to save the Republicans' ass again LOL
es un pendejo por que nathien sta ablando con el. pero sta chingando con La noticeas.
Our gratitude to God for salvation fuels our witness to others. - He Changed My Life http://odb.org/hMq/
AYYYY LMAO GOD EMPS IS ON HIS WAY TO THE TOP
not even in office yet, and Trump is already making big changes!   amazing.
Who cares what a washed-up Mexican cleptocrat says?  He just wants to get rid of all the poor people to keep "elites" like him in power.  He also wants to make sure that all those Central Americans keep moving, not stopping in Mexico.
chinga sue madre way
pinchy way no es El presidente de Mexico. pero sta ablando mamadas.
#HILLARY2016!! We don't want a racistorange buffoon as president! #HillYES
I'm Mexican but damn Donald Trump made this bitch nigga apologize like a clown lmao Donald Trump is the terror of the cartel. I honestly ain't tripping of he is President he will do a better job than everyone. Let's just hope he don't assinated he has been steeping on a lot toes lately .. Donald trump 2016
He didn't really apologize, he was trying to make a point. Feel the burn
Respect for our country has begun!!!
We gotta bad ass over here
Lol I bet Donald will never build the wall anyways
1.First they ignore you,
2. then they laugh at you,
3. then they fight you,
4. then you win

i guess for trump it jumped from 2 to 4 directly .
People who honestly want to apologize don't end their apologies with, "So now, how about YOU apologizing to ME?" Nonetheless, Trump is probable "humble enough" to accept Fox's apology.
Build all the fucking walls you want Mexicans are gonna still find a way through it and take all y'all lazy ass white peoples jobs... Lmaooo how are you gonna let an undocumented person take y'all jobs. Fucking pathetic 
wow.
MARICON DE MIERDA..... here in mexico every fuckn media is calling donald trump "populist"... guess what, this motherfucker, vicente "dumb ass" fox, has been the most populist of the populist "presidents" of mexico... he even used to nick name his electoral campaign opponents like francisco labastida back in 1999

the one "president" after this piece of shit, was felipe "uncle drunk" calderon..... one of the worst... he even used to appear in tv under the influence of alcohol and other drugs (cocaine and crystal meth for sure)

and now, with enrique "junkie" pea, the mafia and drug cartels are the ones who really rule.... WORSE THAN CHICAGO IN THE STATES!!!!

ONE LAST THING..... the so called "mexicans" who are "stealing" jobs in the states are IN FACT LATINAMERICANS..... guatemalan, salvatorian, hondurian, nicaraguan costa rican, and of course, mexicans,... also in few number, ecuatorian, colombian, bolivian, peruvian, argentinian, uruguayan, paraguayan and even brazilian, so please, CALL THE DONKEY BY ITS NAME, NOT THE NICKNAMES!!!
BRING JUSTICE, PUNISH THE CORRUPT LATINAMERICAN "LEADERS"!!!!!... MAKE THE WALL SKY HIGH!!!!!!!!!
"IM POOR PLEASE DONT SUE ME".
Coward President and a coward thereafter.
BBBOOOOOOOO!!!! Don't Apologize! Nothing to Apologize for, trump is teaching people we can live in a insensitive intolerant unethical society so no need to apologize, The Only people that needs an apology are the ones who got screwed over by Trump University. Trump panders to the poor & the uneducated plain and simple
Now that Trump is seeking donations from millionaires and billionaires, maybe this dude and him can be buddies. I love seeing him fall in line with the establishment, lol. Sorry trumpeters, he's just as shilly as shrillary. 2020 here we come.
LOL, what a sarcastic bastard, They need to get their patriotic citizens back to Mexico.
ese wey es peor que Donald trump, pinche viejillo ratero que partio la Madre del economia de mexico que se queda con Los taxes que  cobra el way como el marricon pea nieto, this fucking bitch is worse than donal trump, old turd fucked up mexicos economy he's a thiefing little bitch
fuckin pussy sry really puto fuck donald trump!!!
Look another Euro-Mexican crook..... How the hell does he make more money then the current U.S president and his not even in the office anymore
Donald Trump APOLOGiZES to NO ONE.
Ever.
Just give us every hot Mexican woman before we build the wall then we might forgive you.
This man is an idiot. A wall with adequate patrols would 1) stop the brain and skills drain from Mexico to the USA and 2) go a long way to reducing the trafficking of drugs, which is destroying his country. But instead of talking about these things, he got pissy about Trump for making him feel bad. What a prick!
Trump2016, that wall is coming baby !!!!
does he think he is still president and people give a shit?
Trump - and The People -  is winning winning winning
Soooooooo....youre paying for the wall?
No problem we accept, the wall just got 5ft shorter.
Pussy
No mames fox llorando...
Hey Vinnie!!!Tell your president to build a wall at the Guatemalan border. And tell Chinese firms to send back the jobs they took from central America.Please tell the U.N. to F.O.
He went from saying, Mexico would not allow a wall, to saying Mexico would not pay for the fucking wall, To saying, I'm sorry Donald please do not build a wall. Lol He knows Mexico will pay.
What a jack ass.  Why should Trump worry about offending this fool.  Millions of illegals have come here ramping up crime and blight throughout our country.  Time to hold these trespassers accountable for their actions.
As a Mexican , this guy is a fucking idiot
That's not an apology. It's not offensive what he said. No one is offended by what he said. It's a non-apology apology. He was trying to be tough in standing up to Trump. It didn't work. Now he's backpedaling.
You stupid ignorant Trump supporters, when will you see that you are the laughing stock of the world? Your opinions are antiquated and full of illogical reasoning. You want to build a wall when tunnels are being dug underneath it, smart. All you are doing is proving your idiocy and holding humanity back from excelling as a  mass interconnected society. It is a world economy which means we have to work with not against the world. But go on and be that fat budweiser drinking dumbass that we all know you will continue to be.
he in a way was trying to be the bigger person , and asked what about the other way around
You're not a real news organization
Fuck Trump, vote for Bernie.
"Other way around"...Nice joke...
you stupid bitch. melinche
Trump, along with other republicans, just want to deport illegal immigrants to bring them back legally to work the same type of jobs. Let's totally believe Trump even though he hires immigrants to work for him...ya know, since Americans aren't interested in part time/ seasonal work ;)
That wasn't really an apology, he just said "If I offended you I'm sorry, but what about the other way around?" How was that an apology -1
That was a piss poor apology! Fuck him and his apology do it right or dont do it at all, Fucking lazy in my book!
How could you be so weak?!?!
Trump is a bigoted, hypocritical, racist. Vicente Fox should not have to apologize for anything.
What does Trump need to apologize for? "I'm sorry you're country sucks and your citizens are fleeing coming into my country illegally"?
Lmao I thought it was Brayan Cranston in the thumbnail
The other way around?  Good luck with that.
RESPECK
Fuck you.
Al ver los comentarios veo que los gringos estn necios con su muro, NO LO VAMOS A PAGAR Y SI QUIEREN GUERRA LA VAN A TENER PUTOS GRINGOS!
I forgot about this guy.
We don't want your drug smuggling gang banging thugs coming into America anymore! Keep thar cartel shit in Mexico before you start a war!
You can hear it in his voice, he KNOWS Mexico WILL pay for the wall!!! TEN FEET HIGHER!!! For anyone who wants a step by step guide on how we will get Mexico to pay should they refuse the first time: https://www.donaldjtrump.com/positions/pay-for-the-wall #AMERICA1ST#BUILDTHEWALL#TRUMP2016
Trump is an alpha male. Look what he does. America will win under Trump.
What about it ??  Build that wall
I can't wait until Trump becomes president, so everyone can see what a big mistake we made.
What a bitch
What a bitch
To be honest, he did the right thing and inviting him to mexico may be both bad and good...
On the factor he said he agrees with trump about building a wall and he said he is willing to work a compromise with him about it. he said they may be able to pay because of the deficit and he said trump is right about that.
Trump isn't even POTUS yet, and already...leaders of the world fear and respect him. Gotta love it!
lmao i wonder if trump supporters know he isnt a politician? lmao fucking idiots..... are you gonna fucking hire a pizza guy to build your pool? no.... trump isnt qualified to be president.....
u dam right right u r sorry, narco puppet
Lol, people saying he looks scared and uneasy. He's an old man talking to a camera. Not exactly what he grew up doing. The eye movements are between the camera and the living people in the room.
Insert your part in the political flame war below
after trump gets elected American dream will die.
He did the right thing, of course trump won't apologize for his racist and violent rhetoric.
He could be apologizing for something else
It would be fun to see all the fuckboi tears when Trump loses.
This guy just apologized to the RNC nominee.  Trump isn't even President and he's already got positive communication with Mexico.  Let the man be Pres
Vicente Fox Apologizes To Donald Trump is a little OVER STATEMENT
EVERYONE shall eventually KNEEL BEFORE ZOD!
Mexico should build a wall first I'm sure they can get it done. Just remember to include a HUGE beautiful door.
#trump2016
That's dumb. He was just clearing that he's sorry if he offended trump, but trump started. Its like saying, well I don't regret it but that dumbass called me out. Mexico will still not pay or move a finger for that asshole.
If you start you apology with "If ____ offended you, then I'm sorry" that is absolutely not an apology.
I missed the part were he was even talking about Trump, besides Donald Trump will never be president and when Sanders is President he will include all races, colors and creeds without dividing a nation in the process!
Trump couldn't care less about this weak and pathetic apology attempt. Neither do we. This pussy isn't offended about wall and border security but trade benefits and bribes that go along with it. Say adios to good old days amigo.
Brietbart XD
wow Fox, you telling off that piece of shit was the one good thing you did for the Mexican people, and now you stroked his fucking ego more.
Why the fuck does he care he's not even president anymore
lol
Bahahahaha fake ass apology
Why is it that Mexican elites look more White than the lower classes which look more Indio? #WhitePower. We Whites even win in non-white countries. So awesome to be white. #Winning. All we do is win.
Don't you dare apologize to that hypocritical bastard, Donald.
Vicente Fox al ver el inminente triunfo de Trump trata de "pedir disculpas" Fox maricon
What is a bigger wall going to do? nothing that's what, if there's a will there's a way. #wasteofmoney
White people should really go back where they came from. (Europe )
feel it bitch burrrrn
Qu pas, compadre? Ya te tembl la mano?
nobody needs to apologize to the stupid retarded racist crackerjack.
Trump just put this guy in submission, alpha wolf style.
pinche viejo loco de mierda,  igual que el pendejo del imitador de hitler el culo de caldern
Never apologize for saying exactly what you mean.
money talks and bullshit walks
Trump has nothing for which to apologize in this case.  Illegal immigration is a serious problem, and would be for any country, Fox's feelings notwithstanding.  He's the only one who should be apologizing here.  Also, I don't trust people with double standards.  Vincente Fox is angry about a border wall north of his country to be built which would be funded by Mexico's trade deficit with the U.S. (i.e. because they owe the U.S. at least that much wealth), whereas they owe a lot more for the damage their drug/crime/illegal entry tidal waves have caused the U.S., through our covert criminal crime lords in the government and on the streets, of course.  But as to the south side of his country, wall borders are just fine.  In short he acts like there is "another side" to this.  There is: the wrong side, and that would be his.  Trump may graciously receive the apology if he wishes, but needn't offer one.  And shouldn't.
Right, leave out the 4 plus minutes of the interview. He wasn't apologising, just hoping to talk some sense into Trump.
If you say sorry expecting one in return then its not sincere.
Im guessing this wont be mentioned on the Clinton News Network.
don't apologize to that redneck inbred son of a bitch that is also his sister
QUE PUTO TE VISTE FOX SI HABLASTE SOSTENLO NO TE RETRACTES PARA QUE ESCUPES EL CIELO SI SABES QUE NO PUEDES
Now now about taking all the illegals back.
it takes a big man to apologize when he is wrong
what why would you apologize?!?!?!?!?!?!?!!!!!
I hope Breitbart's payday was big enough to turn into a propaganda machine for Trump and smear the best conservative candidate we've had in three decades.
wtf! , really Vicente fox really???
is this something taken out of context? if not, damn right! take it back, apologize. trump's gonna have all these mugs apologizing. let the Saudis and Chinese come here and bow to us like we've done them all along. man I hope we're not getting duped again. like we all know, too good to be true and all that. everyone I know that voted for barrack, save a few black folk who just don't get it, one being my own sister, regret ever giving that fool a chance. the only bad part is, and it's a big one, is the US isn't run by just the prez but all the inept mugs in Congress. Idk why trump isn't considering rand for vp. he and carson were the most common sense candidates in the original field. keep your word billionaire or this time me thinks the people will revolt!
I hope most of you dumbasses realize he's not the president anymore and you're still not getting your wall lol ... Enjoy losing this year ha ha ha
You can tell they are scared of trump. They will never respect clinton tho.
what a douchebag
Not from the heart and more like reading a script(look at the direction of his eye).  Mr. Trump is going to put America first meaning all Americans that are legally immigrated and citizens of America.
Look it's a Mexican Obama on an apology tour.
The bigotry and racism here is just appalling
These comments are absolutely terrifying. Can all gringos just go extinct
He's not even the president anymore
thats not an apology.. he said "if i offended you.. " in the beginning.. that negates the whole apology
He's the former president of Mexico, so therefore he acted out of character.
If trump becomes president and still doesn't apologize then he will remain the lesser man.

You can distinguish fools by their words; but even fools can get wise.
We need a strong leader who knows how to negotiate for once, not someone who bends over backwards due to political correctness (Obama & Hillary).
Trump will make you pay for that wall! He knows  it's going to happen now and there is no way to stop it! Trump power! Trump2016
The comments in this video gave me cancer. :(
He's a crook President Trump. Don't listen to him. Your refusal to be another weak american ruler is already scaring him and its about time that they are scared of us instead of the other way around.
All hail our next supreme leader donald trump
Idiots in these comments don't know who or What position Vicente holds now. They're just the mindless sheep's you expect to follow Trump.
Get your money ready, cause you're still paying for the wall.
That was really him being the bigger man, I think he felt threatened and he lashed out
Hypocrite.
"And this is how liberty dies....with a thunderous applause." who knew star wars would be predicting trump.
pinche mamadas
Hahahaha
Build the fucking wall. Then we'll go the other way around.
Fox, sin dignidad.... le afectara sus negocios ...
Wow the amount of stupidity in this comment section is surreal. I guess we all have these kind of people in our countries. People are going to regret their decisions when it's too late. It's obvious. Ruling with fear will get you nowhere. It'll give you power, for a short while, and then what ? People would rebel and a country would fall. Humans never learn from history. Why can't we all just fucking live in peace and focus on things that are important. Like global warming. Unless you 'leaders' wanna rule from bikini bottom or something.
No need to apologize to that ugly ass orangutan running for president. If anything, he should be apologizing to Mexico in general.
I'm sorry new president here let me kiss your ass and yes I will pay for the wall don't attack my drug lords please
Trump is our candidate.  Its not about picking on Mexico or China.  Or contribute to $ defense with Germany, Japan.  Its that we have awful, mediocre, simple-minded, order-taking, paper-pusher politicians in office that do not know how to make trade deals and protect American workers.  

I'd like to see Trump talk more about the trade deficit with the Netherlands (Unilever owns top ten US brands).  Specifically, you think these are American but actually foreign owned - Unilever (from Breyers, Popsicle, Good Humor, Vaseline, Toothpaste to Ketchup plus a whole lot more), Budweiser, Frigidaire, 7-11 to Nestle plus more...  

Trump is about America first because we have a $19-21 Trillion dollar debt becoming a third-rate country.  Vicente can fix his own country.  Trump has nothing to apologize for.  Trump will fix America and make it great again.  Vote Trump.
What a coward. He talked sh*t when he thought he would jump on the hate Trump bandwagon now that he knows Trump will be president he is back peddling and apologizing like the sniveling weasel leaders we have. We will accept your apology when you pay for the wall and build it. If not we will no longer help your country and it will become a 3rd wold country again. Build our wall and pay for it now.
Why is Mexico focused on our politic's, and not their's? What a bunch of idiot's. They have how many corrupt offical's and dangerous cities? Well more dangerous citie's then the USA, but about the same when it comes to corruption in politic's.
why is he apologizing?
Pinche cobarde de mierda!!
AND THE COUNTRY IS GONNA START WINNING WINNING WINNING
just get the money out..The big beautiful wall is going up for starters..Then we will work on all these racists on this side..
Apology my ass.
He see Trump's aiming to become president wasn't a joke so now this guy is starting to feel the money soon slip from his hands lol

BYEEEEEE
Too late amigo. You underestimated Trump and now you're backpedaling. You're scared out of your wits because you know a HUGE wave of YOUR illegals that you dumped on the US are coming back. Yes, you will pay for the wall. And Trump apologize to YOU? Keep dreaming.
Now is not the time for fear, that comes later.
It is Vincente Fox who used the F word, not the way around.
Fornication upon VIncente Fox and the burro he rode in.
You call that an apology?!!! He thinks he's humble? NOT! He's an arrogant donkey! He reminds me of another Mexican who thought too highly of himself.  Remember the Alamo and build that wall HIGHER!!! Make America Great Again!!! Vincente you have lost the battle for the public's favor!!! I once consider you a neighboring leader now I few you as a serious lowlife... Do us Gringos a favor... stay south of the border!!!
Pues la verdad son 2 lados de la misma piedra xD
Sucking up now that Trump has the nom locked down.  Pick up your shovel bitch, start diggin'. You have a wall to build.
trump is a little bitch
Y que se puede esperar de un Cachorro del Imperio? si no arrodillarse y pedir perdn?
GOOD. He better apologize. He still shouldn't have the audacity to ask Trump for an apology too though. THEY SHOULD PAY EVERY PENNY THEY STOLE FROM US!
You can tell he's on coke or speed.
Fucking traitor.
PAY FOR THE WALL !!
This is a coward. Load mouthed and hits on people who are underdogs. Then the underdog proves to be the top dog and wins. Now he is on his knees, afraid of trump. You apologize? You should have thought before you ran your mouth to begin with fool.
World leaders respect strength and attack weakness. Trump is playing the leaders of the world who have been taking advantage of our weak leadership exactly as he should. That is how you make a successful business and that is how you have success as a country. Let's see how tough Hillary is, if she makes it through their contested convention. It'll be Obama 2.0.
THE WALL just got 1 inch smaller.
HAHAHAHAHAHA!!! :D Priceless!!! That's what we need for America. Respect, not laughing at. :D
Now the wall just got higher, bitch.
Backpaddeling now that Trump has beaten his competition. How believable is that?
Go back to Mexico!......oh
hey fox you are gonna pay for that wall and you know it! lol
Bawahhahaha this a what I call a pucker factor video.
That's right bitch you better apologize. He knows what's about to come. Mexico knows what's up and the old games with immigration will not be played with Trump. The current Mexican President will be next to apologize. Or else.
Fuck You Vicente, we're building the wall anyway!
This guy is a fkn snake.  What a crawler.  Kick him back to mehico so he can sell taco's on the street corner
I think he's trying to get on the trump train haha
Fu*k Vicente Fox. This guy is now a has been. And yes...he WILL pay for the F***ing wall!
Ye beg for mercy.... lucky for you Trump is a merciful leader
Youre still paying for that wall
It's a trap!
Ahora sale a pedir perdn por Donald Trump es el virtual candidato Republicano y no quiere enemistad con su futuro jefe
He's not sorry for letting all those mexicans and others flood over the border.
Wtf?????
I don't think his apology is going to change the height of that wall.
No no Vicente dont apoligize to this asshole, you give them the hand and the kick you in the head.
Obama will now apologize to Fox for apologizing to Trump.
They all will apologize to president Trump.
What a pussy no seas marica fox
The Mexican people should thank the Donald for bringing a lot of their problems into the light. Drugs poison and are bad for everyone.
Go fuck yourself, Fox.  We've had it with you, your country's politics, and your devoted flag-wavers who want to live HERE.  Hopefully, you'll get a dose of OUR pride for once.
Whatever he say but Donald Trump will never be USA president. USA needs from Mexico not Mexico from USA.
LOL, hahaha!
what kinda half assed apology is that
The other way around?  

You have people fleeing your country.
Holy Shit lol
That's an apology? I don't think so. Insinuating someone shouldn't have been /offended/ and then asking for a reciprocal apology is weak sauce Fox. 

You're going to assist us in having them pay for that wall as an apology. Then maybe "the other way around."
Nah.... Trump will do whatever is best for THIS country, Fox. That will always be his priority. AMERICA FIRST.
What a pussy
you cant make this sh#t up ... 
Trump....El Presidente?
Oooops!
President Fox...Your Fired !
JUST
topkek
Donald Trump isn't even president yet and already world leaders are apologizing and are willing to come and negotiate compromises. to my liberal friends this is how the US president should lead the world.
There is no context besides your title, so can we get the whole interview instead of just 20 seconds of it?
Please Mr. Trump don't do it, please? I beg you! Whatever you need. -Vincente
"If" wow so humble.....
Wow, we could see a beautiful relationship form here.
LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
PUCKER UP EL PRESIDENTE!!!   #TimeToPayForThatWalll
OMGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG
they now see Trump as someone to be respected so they now play nice. Just goes to prove that in international diplomacy a tough yet fair & respect US leader goes a long way. They see Obama's admin as a doormat but it won't be business as usual if Trump is in the WhiteHouse. That being said, he has no business going there at this time until he becomes POTUS. Kudos to Trump!
peace thru Strength v2.0! Donald Trump 2016!
LOLLLL fuck mexico!
well that's awkward
how does Mexico treat their illegal immigrants?
Don't let that big beautiful door hit you in the ass on your way out, Vinny.
hahaha
VAMOS TRUMP!!!!  Trump nunca se disculpara!  VICENTE es un pobre idiota!
He just realized that Trump will most likely becoming President of the United States. Look at all of these other people too, kissing Trump's ass now. Hahahahahaha
You are still gonna pay for the wall....bitch.
fake Aztec please
37% of all federal prisoners are illegal immigrants......
Kick his ass Donald!
Hey Vinnie, Fk YOU!
Ok, Senor Fox, ok.

The wall just got only FIVE feet taller. Happy now?
bwahahaha, get your money together Fox.
He said "if I offended you". Who was he talking to? How about the whole clip?
Clean up your cesspool country and stop blaming the US for your problems. Mexico is an incredibly racist nation, Fox is obviously not one of the brown skinned descendants of the brutal Aztecs or Mayans.  Have a honest conversation with a Mexican immigrant and learn the truth. When these derelicts become dominant we're screwed - they will all be democrat voters.
Too late, you're still paying for the wall S U C K A!
He got Trumppppped !
Where is the rest of the video?
If Trump is president of this country, there is no word sorry in the English language...If you won't want to pay for the wall, US, will tax you and all the latinos who send money back homes..soon will reach over than 12-20 billion within few years...and of course, jobs will come back..otherwise, import taxes will be higher than current condition...
sounds fishy...
THis shows why we need a tuff Pres in tuff times!!!
That was pretty weak, I think he can do better.
Por favor denle su medicamento, ya esta hablando incoherencias.
Vincente, you can take your apology and shove it up your azzz. Get your money ready.
dont reason with this fuck he is just hegging his bet.
Trump might forgive, but he will never forget. You got on his bad side so DEAL with it. Take ownership for your mistake like a man and suffer the consequences of a Trump presidency.
He knows that if his own people don't have America to milk there will be a revolution in Mexico.
Trump is already leading America to greatness and respect and hasn't even set foot in office. No more career politicians, no more cuckolds.
This reminds me of that scene from Starship Troopers where Niel Patrick Harris puts his hand on the Brain Bug. "Its afraid, its afraid!"
Vicente Fox eres un burro
Can't stump the TRUMP!
too little, too late, I think.
The fiesta is over Seor Fox...
Unstumpable
Nobody cares what this mexican hypocrite thinks.
Look at that Mexico is getting nervous! Well at least they're starting to respect the USA
Nice headline Breitbart...too bad it's not accurate.  That is hardly an apology.  It sounds more like he's trying to save face being the bigger man.

But who even cares?  He's not the President of Mexico anymore.  Even if he did apologize, this still means absolutely nothing.
Usted no puede stumpo el Trumpo.
look at this bitch
Fox, as a former President, expresses the Golden Rule in the New Testament to treat others as you wish to be treated. It is in Fox's nature to give Christian kindness priority in affairs. Although Trump won't be President, a true wise leader like Fox shows by example other ways of resolving problems between Mexico and the U.S.A other than fear and hate.
V. Fox is worried the bill arriving for the wall in his mailbox.
Jajaja que payaso Fox. Los mexicanos deben estar rezando que The Donald no llegue a presidente. El trumpito no solo va a construr la muralla, tambin les va a hacer pagar todo lo que les han estado robando a los americanos. A rezar, chicanos, a rezar.
What a weak, half-assed apology.
"The world is gonna respect us again."  - Donald Trump 
Its starting already!!! #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
that was NOT an apology. whenever we use "if", that's not a real admission of fault.
now that trump is the nominee he wans to make nice. ur goin to build that fucken wall!
lol what a joke this guy is.  No wonder Mexico is such a hell hole that millions leave it for the US.  This guy wants to cry and and yell at Trump for months and now that he sees him as a possible threat he wants to make up.  The wall just got 10 feet taller Vicente.
lol what a joke this guy is.  No wonder Mexico is such a hell hole that millions leave it for the US.  This guy wants to cry and and yell at Trump for months and now that he sees him as a possible threat he wants to make up.  The wall just got 10 feet taller Vicente.
i wonder how much breitbart news paid Mr. Fox to say I apologize? Apology also doesn't appear, me encamta seor. Trump is a fucking cunt. Only people voting for trump are all the rednecks and those that live in fantasy world ( aka religious people).
"pls trump, no stump" - Fox
I am a trump supporter but I think the ex president doesn't need to apologize, he said what he wanted to say and I respect him for that, I do however admire his humbleness.
Not even elected yet and the Mexicans are apologizing.
grab some of those wall materials and have them on standby pedro.
that was not an apology
The Wall Rises.
Um, where's the full interview?
Mexico will finally have to care for their own poor. No more booting them over here because Once Trump becomes President we will be booting them right back...
post the great wall
STUMPED BY TRUMP
YA YOU STILL GOING TO PAY FOR THAT WALL
Look at the fear in his eyes. Look at the absolute sense of dread in his uneasy movements. He is on damage control now. Not so tough are you? Especially now that you have finally met your ultimate match. Trump will make America command the world's respect.
LOL pussy. he's smart enough to know trump means what he says about mexico and the wall. You see that people? This is a true president of USA, a charismatic leader who DEMANDS RESPECT! He's not even the leader yet people are caving in to his presence.
This is why you must ride the TrumpTrain! America can change. Not with these pussy Obama leaders. Real leader willing to do what's best for America.
haha, the mexicans are already starting to back off, they don't want their costs of building the wall to be too high
All these pawns are being destroyed one by one. Trump is gaining their respect--- something that Obama has never been able to do.
All these pawns are being destroyed one by one. Trump is gaining their respect--- something that Obama has never been able to do.
"P-Please let us keep shipping our criminals into your nation! Don't make us pay for the wall!"

You deserve this, Mexico.
Fuck Mexico. They'd probably kill him. Bring obama and then confiscate his Kenya passport. Deal with it. TRUMP will be President and clean up this fuckin' mess who's ripped us off for too long!
The wall just got even 10 foot taller.
stumped
He doesn't mean it! He's just bullshiting Trump! :D
Lol they scared now.
Its afraid
Trump wasn't wrong, he has nothing to apologize for.  We are not worried about saving face with Mexico.  News flash everyone, Trump is already creating positive change, this is one example of it.  The powers that be are scared, because Trump is not in their control, they are going to try and change that and get into his good graces, but its gonna cost them big.
You're still paying for the "fucking" wall pandejo. Maybe we'll invite you to the opening ceremony, or should I say closing ceremony bwhaha.
Damage control is out, but the wall was already impenetrable.
And this is just Trump's impact on the campaign trail....just wait until he is in the Oval Office..........once the smell has been removed that is.
DON'T GO MR.TRUMP ,THEY'LL TRY TO KILL YOU!!!
There is no other way around. You need to respect the USA .
That's not apology at all.
he's scared shirtless of trump. finally, a president that demands respect
This is a momentous occasion. In the spirit of friendship, please write your beautiful apology on the back of that 10 Billion US Dollar certified check, and we'll magnanimously forgive all and write that on the back of your receipt.
someones nervous.
What the other way around, is you send all your criminals and drugs, USA was already offended by your Fuck words and the lack of border controls, maybe stop ripping your country people off, and they might stay and love the place..... what a Hypocritical Fool the Fuax.
Trump has your # dick head. The Mexican government needs to be exposed for the Pirates that they are, and maybe then the people of Mexico can get their government back, and want to stay in Mexico! The people of Mexico need to cut the throats of these evil bastards that live in palaces why they starve!
I would love to Trump build that f***ing wall around this Mexican.
Amazing how much Trump gets done without even being in office
build 2 walls
A respectful start to a new and better relationship.  Mexico can become a great neighbor.  TY President Fox.  TRUMP '16
wow...America is gaining respect!!
Well, that didn't take long! Trump has commanded more respect as a candidate than Obozo has deserved in almost 8 years!
dont do it donald..... you have cartels on the other side waiting for you dude. the cartels members are also highly trained and ex military....
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!!!
Be afraid PUSSY.  Be very afraid.
That was not an apology. That was a pu**y attempt to get Trump to back down.
Trump is already making America respectable again!
