#1   WHO in the SANE mind even listens to anything from MSM (CNN in particular) NOT ME FOR SURE
Lemmon is wasted
he's still drunk
Holy hell, I REALLY hate Juan.
People like Candice Owens and West have the Dems scared out of there wits. It is starting to dawn on them that black people are not just an old reliable voting block that they can always count on. This behavior exhibited by CNN and MSNBC will only backfire and then it will be to late. Some of these people are truly not thinking rationally at all!
Kanye represents himself, not his race
You are full of crap lemonhead, and you ARE A RACIST!!
Never forget these losers, Lemon Shep & Cooper like to put dicks up their asses & in their mouths. Sounds worse than just saying theyre gay, because its is
don lemon ,a homosexual that needs to be care full about people near him.
Shameless US MSM
He has escaped the plantation. 
Round Him Up!!!
Justice Kavenaugh can get some P E A C E,, now, PTL!! Vote RED 2018 2020 MBGA GBA love
God bless Kanye West supporting the Second Amendment God bless Donald J Trump and his family
Don Lemon and CNN. We're ecstatic when they heard about the meeting.  Immediately, made millions of dollars selling the Kanye hype, Lemon committed to the Racist comments and encourage his panel to pile on Kanye.  It's all Jerry Springer show.
Don is the best man, he tell the trught.
Communist Lemon - a primitive liar, an animal. Hard to watch 30 seconds. Moron
I love people saying kayne is crazy because they don't understand what he's saying
Communist Lemon - a primitive liar, an animal. Hard to watch 30 seconds. Moron
Communist Lemon - a primitive liar, an animal. Hard to watch 30 seconds. Moron
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! Lemon! Lemon! Let's keep it funny. Django here's a freeman !!!
Juan has to play his Democrat. To keep his job!  
Black vs white & blacks and whites should just get along. Straight vs gay & gays and straight shld just get along. This whole narrative has been sprung up on us so fast that people don't have the time to cope or analyze all of the implications thereof.. ...chaos... Divide and conquer. I love Americans, I have the opposite effect, hate, for the  multiculturalism that is being rammed down our fuking throats. But all is going according to plan, it is having the desired effect of these divisive ((people))
The Liberal media are out of control, self centered, and full of conspiracy.

Don Lemon is just plain dumb, sorry.
Don Lemon Big Time Racist  !!
kanye is just like chappelle's black blind character oblivious of his race and history of white racism. lol
Dont lemon is a fool
When is juan going to get hired by PMSNBC and get the hell off of FOX!!!!!!!!
Enough  of Black AND White 
Humans can have a view point
Kanye and Trump are gonna save America I cant take the awesome
W E  H A V E  A S C E N D E D
Don Lemon is the most pathetic person on TV. I really feel sorry for him.
the pathological liars at See NN, calling someone else mentally ill. Look in the mirror.
This dialogue....It all goes back to the jews
Whatever, "Count Basey".
He is a token black in the group because a white leftist wouldn't survive a day on there. Why not bring Larry Elder to elaborate on topics one day? I bet you anything that he'd call off sich that day. Let's cut the bs! The only reason he took that job is because he knows that he would be untouchable as a black leftist around a group of white people. Bring in a black conservative and see if he'd talk to him the same way these white conservatives talk to him.
Kanye produced Common.
Here's the trump agenda get jobs back to Americans black white yellow brown all people of the U.S.  you brain dead libtards.
What the hell happened to Juan Williams
Yes Juan, you are the Democratic Black token of the show and you know it!!
I'm not in America, I'm not an American but that is irrelevant, as a person, what Don Lemon said about his mother is appalling and in tremendous bad taste.
Juan Williams Is Stu---pid!!! He's Don Lemons lap dog!!!
Lemon your name describes you perfectly
If your a news anchor you stay neutral to everything. Don lemon is so wrapped up in whites and blacks its very obvious he believes all white people are racists. WTF.
It would of been nice if Trump stood up to hug Kanye but I digress
Juan!!  Shut up and learn something. I don't even get this guy.  So weird.
TI Convicted Felon.
Complete meltdown!  What a shame !  
Juan is auditioning for cnn.
GET RID OF THE LEMON I WILL NEVER EVEN LOOK AT CNN NOT EVEN TO GET THE OTHER SIDE...... AS A BLACK AMERICAN I WAS NOT EMBARRASSED........ THE LEMON IS A LIER FIRER HIM ......
juan is wrong.  Why is the Trump admin and co . not entitled to free speech??
Kanye is a billionaire!
Why don't people say kid rock was seeking power?  He was there that day.
What's wrong with dems and their media?
Juan is ranting while complaining about ranting. Typical hypocritical democrat.
Don Lemon is CNN's house negro
Jesse summed it up very well. Juan Williams is not happy when Greg gave him a taste of his own medicine...i.e. he Juan maybe a token black for FOX like Lemon is for CNN..
God bless Trump
I didn't know that the left hate black people
Is Don Lemon's dadproud his son is a leftist Homo?
Fire don lemmon
they just prove that he was and is getting bullied cause he does not follow the party line.
Fire Juan,  can't take his bullshit anymore
Don is the biggest idiot known.
Lemon you are an embarrassment to the colored people. Finally a black man with common sense . Kanye gets it, he understands the truth, that President Trump is for Americans. He, as Kanye dont look at the color of a persons skin color.  Obviously, Kanye is on the trump train. Mark my words Kanye will be a success , you whining imps.
Lemon: He needs a father figure.

Meanwhile the left has been busy dismantling the nuclear family for the last 50 years. The side that despises men and fathers.
Im so glad Greg Gutfeld hurts Juan Assholes feeling!
Don Lemon is a dancing monkey, himself.  Tokinism is the only reason he is where he is.
How could you bring someones late mother into this?? Lemon you are so wrong!  Democrats are really grasping arent they?
This meeting wasnt as bad as people are making it out to be. Kanye had good points, but Americans need to unite from corner to corner. Bring jobs in, eliminate poverty and end racism.
A republican celebrity was on TV. Panic my fellow democrats. Let's all cut our veins. Follow my lead. Cut  it.
Today the liberals told me its ok to mock and dehumanise people with mental conditions.
Shame on Don Lemon!!!  You are the true racist more then any person I have ever seen on a News channel.  Wow.  I hope you get fired pronto.  You are not fit.
I ain't mad at kanye....
He's debt free now.

Besides, martial law trumps the constitution.
TI is IGNORANT!!!listen to   Jessie is telling the truth!!
What do you expect from a New Years Eve drunk.
Trump doesn't NEED a token.
Trump is a one-man meritocracy.
Trump surrounds himself with people of exceptional MERIT.
this scares the left because, in a meritocracy, the alt. left drops like leaves in the fall.
12:10  that camera work LOL
The left is SOOOOO gross!!!  So unhinged
I am Australian, no one here is laughing or mocking Kanye. No one is thinking POTUS is evil. America, do not be fooled. The world is awake and we love your POTUS. Best thing since sliced bread!
I stopped listening at 2:14. 
A massive frontal attack against an intelligent, decent, and well-meaning Black guy. 
I can't handle such hate. And to think White Media people are involved. OMG!
It's because we love him. He made Crack Music. Yall can be disgusting and foolish but now kanye is off his meds and it's painful to watch
Don Lemon is a minstrel act every night!!
Do Not VOTE for the DemonCraps Agenda on Nov.6. The Democratic Party never done nothing for African American's throughout history and present. The Democrats want illegal immigrants to become U.S. Citizens by calling them minorities and by having sanctuary cities in your State for Illegal Election Votes!. The Democrats do not need the Black American votes. That is why they are fighting so hard to make Illegal immigrants U.S. citizens and having open borders. You is not a country. If you leave your borders open. If you vote for Democrats you might as well remove your locks from your door and leave it wide open to let everyone in and also when you is asleep as well. As time progress let the sancturay city fighters and the Democrat party recruit 20 million undocumented asian children abroad from China and enroll the children in the DACA program including government assistance benefits since China has the largest Population than the U.S. due to the law restrictions of China based on family income of how many children you can have to live in the country of China as an excuse for the undocumented asain children needs to be here in the U.S. If Black Americans really do some real deep research on the Democratic party history. Then you will get the real truth about the Democratic Party. Black Americans will realize they have been supporting the wrong side of the fence for many moons. Vote for Republican comming this November. Truthfully Black Americans have nothing to lose.
It's hard for Trump to have his eye on the ball with his head so far up his ass.
Don Lemon is mentally ill not Kanye West
Gosh why is Juan in the show? No one likes him or wants to hear his dumb opinions! Fox get him out of there!!!!
"I have no animosity, [ but i'm just gonna say the worst insults i can ]"-  Don Lemon
Kanye mother would have told her son to strive to be who he needs to be, she would be proud of him for speaking out and trying to make a change, and she would would have been ashmed of the people that attacked him for his beliefs
What are the MSM saying about Jim Brown who sat next to K.W.  Nothing...... crickets.......thats what I thought. Gtfoh cuck liberals.
OMFG.. is there any person on earth as stupid as an AMERICAN? ANSWER..no
So Juan says he's not making it a black/white token thing but then he also says he completely agrees with Don Lemon (Don Lemon Amen" who SAID that Kanye makes all African Americans look bad  ? .....So Juan which is it ?   p.s. Ever get over that racism towards Muslims yet Juan?  hypocrite
Worse than CNN jesus...
Uncle crazy Kanye.. hahaha
Yo Jesse...nice hair dye.
I'm sure you make your mother and father proud too, Don.
His black friend in a red hat, Juan? Really?

Trump has black supporters in public and his staff. You and the left always make it about race in these instances. Don Lemon's response to the question started with saying "Kanye West in front of a bunch of white people." His panel the night before this meeting called Kanye West 'Trump's  "Token Negro"' and he laughed. You think a conservative panelist would skate after saying that? Not likely. 

Yes, some on the right and on Fox were upset by performances by rappers, etc., but those performers were not lauded or shunned for it. Also, they didn't openly target the person as insane or a traitor.

The left make it about identity, not Trump. And it was a cheap shot by Lemon to bring up his mother. There was no need for that in any context.
I thought he said 'Menstrual show'.. ALSO Donny boy, black people do not vote as a monolith! Also, maybe Trump is a father figure?
Make America great 
More like make yourself great
Don is telling the slave master that one of his fellow slaves has escaped the plantation and is finally free.
I didn't know Kanye West read Joseph Campbell. He really knows his stuff. 
The way Don Lemon,makes to believe that he is the problems. So black black can't be friends with white people? This guy is an idiot. Since why did Don became a spokesperson for black people ?
You are a sick man Don Lemon. I have many black friends who are working now. You are a true moron. & you are just as idiotic Juan.
After watching that dog and pony show yesterday that was put on at the White House I have come to the conclusion that Kanye is clone and whatever the real Kanye is at please come back to planet Earth
Funny, Lemon says Kanye was making a fool of himself in a room full of white people. Weren't most of those white people the media? That must mean lemon is disgusted at media bosses for not hiring more blacks? But, just going with the percentages, isn't is simply statistical probability that most groups of people will have less blacks than whites in their makeup? Regardless to what Lemon has to say, it was a weird episode.
NO JUAN NEEDS TO GO WORK FOR CNN
Does anyone know Kanye personally? Kanye was just being himself that is his personality. Did you want Kanye to act like like a diplomat in the oval office? Dongay lemon cannot find goodness in people. Look at what he wants and told pres trump in the Kanye way. Kanye wanted everything for the black nation yet lemon cannot talk about this and instead thrashes the man's dead mother. And if you bashed my mother lemonade I'd take it personally
Just to update everyone on The Lefts new language policy rules: 

(1) Calling a mob a mob is Bad. 
(2) Calling a black man a Token Negro is Good.
Its funny how people are telling black people how to feel about this..... propaganda at its finest
Observing his lengthy rant, it's obvious, like so many other Dummycrats, Juan Williams is deeply threatened by Kanye's popularity and admiration for Trump.
Fox has been cherrypicking the clips of this episode.  Kanye is unwell and needs help.  That is not a critique. There is no shame in being bipolar. It has nothing to do with politics. It has nothing to do with being black.  What he does not need is enablers on TV.
My race is fuckin doomed
Rosie looks wild eyed and crazy in every single pick.
Freedom
CNN Y SUS TRABAJADORES SON UNOS LAMBE EM..,
Don Lemon Worst Journalist of the Year 2014 FACT!!!!
All of the CNN fake news actors have such punchable faces
I'm seriously done with Juan.... I understand they want a voice of the delusional opposition but, I"M NO LONGER WASTING MY TIME LISTENING TO PEOPLE THAT CLEARLY HATE MOST OF WHAT I LOVE... Notice how I'm not calling for riots... or asking for him to be removed...
these two are very much alike..i see how they like each other.. Trump - Kanya  forever
Love
Don "the let me slip the commie inside you" Lemon.
Don Lemming is more like it follow your masters around the Democratic Plantation.
Everybody talking down on Kanye West but the facts that people don't know is he's a clone that's not the real Kanye West that used to hate George Bush type of guys. His old life is not adding up 1% to his new life
Homo Lemon, Go blow Homo Cuomo and Homo Cooper again
So bizarre they have totally missed  reality. Wow. This is all a distraction.
You notice he just made fun of him and his mother never talked about what he was actually saying
I think kanye's up to something
Don lemon the kind of black guy to call the cops on you for J walking
So called Blacks Hispanics and Native Americans come back to God's laws
LOOK UP IUIC
So called Blacks Hispanics and Native Americans come back to God's laws
LOOK UP IUIC
So called Blacks Hispanics and Native Americans come back to God's laws
LOOK UP IUIC
Juan is desperate
Juan wants to kiss Don Lemons pikle
Wish someone shuts down that lemon head. real ass hole.
Another rally? Enough already
Either Juan Williams is acting as opposition or he really doesn't get it with Kanye and his MAGA hat comments. The hat has become iconic and is as well known globally as the Coke Cola symbol and that MAGA hat is giving him the power and confidence to step out and be truly free and proud as an American and a black man. Kanye's communication style penetrates the right brain creativity with logic bombs which is exactly what Trump does with his messaging.
token democrat, token black anchor, do we really need to hear him sounding like CNN
Kayne is awesome and this is just another reason why
Paused to write FAKE NEWS And to dislike. Stop watching fake news
Notice how the lady said late rapper then corrected herself. He needs to call Kim, get a hideout somewhere deep in that asscrack.
Finally a black man that actually gets it. When are all the blacks going to get it. The democrats have done nothing for you   The last Democratic president that did anything for blacks was JFK. You see what happen to him  How are those cell phones and welfare checks working out for you and your familys.
Don Lemon just wants the Kanye meat in his ass
mama mia
Honestly, I have never been a fan of Kanye, but I am so proud of him for thinking for himself and president Trump for being a great role model.  This is more than a black & white thing. It is about our country coming together but the Demons keep hating and rotten & dirty.
i know plenty of hispanics that are pro trump!! aye
Don sits down to pee.
Don't tell me won ton soup what I think as a white man you race minded lefty idiot ...I will say this ...Kanye has more heart and sense about life than any of you bobble head robot demsU HATEFUL LIARS !!!! VOTE RED NOV 6 against the America haters !! WHEN YOU STAND FOR ANYTHING RIGHT;..BE PREPARED TO BE DESPIRED BY THESE KINDA PEOPLE WHOARE TRYING TO HOLD ""AMERICA DOWN ...GET UP AND VOTE!!
With friends with that!
Don is a joke. Hard to watch because your a racist don
Don lemonade is an idiot, and he is always stupid. He loves man, but he thinks Kanye is the one with mental health issues.
Dumb lemon is a Moron of fake news cnn. Eat your heart out lemonade
thanks Fox for this story, because I am dumb I only watch you guys, but now after seeing this Don guy how seems to tell the truth, I am going to start watching CNN.
Don Lemming (see definition), playing his white privilege card again? You rascal.
The left sees free thinking & reacts with racial judgements and hate.  Sick....
JUAN- "talking about Kanye's dead mother was not a cheap shot" ----- FUK YOU
Juan is so dumb he couldn't even understand what Greg was saying
Trump is the Master!!
Don Lemon is a fruitcake!
Hey Don...who do you use?
The FCC needs to act, CNN, MSNBC, ABC, NBC and CBS have gone all in as the propaganda arm of the new Democratic Socialist Party.
Shut the hell up juan.
Don Lemon, Ill probably be roasted for this, but I just dont understand: is it because he may truly be a free black man and youre just someones puppet? Perhaps its just what maser told you what you need to say? Im just surprised your owner allowed you to wear a suit; just like this guy here on Fox! They dont seem to understand its 2018 and if you all would stop behaving like its 1850 we could all get along as people: not black, not white, just people.
The NPCs are outraged. The script continues.
Dyson strings large words together that mean nothing and he does his minstrel smiling to pretend he said something important - he didn't.  Cornell West wanabe.
Don Lemon is a dreg of the journalism society!
Lemon is a awful report 
As usual.... Greg hits the nail, not on the head - but into everyone's head.
Greg is the best of the Five. Pure Genius
CNN is one big Minstrel Show.
Anyone else needs convincing that the liberal media is racist?
Kanye is talking about how asian countries rule the clothing business and material things made in china Kanye wants those things made in America trump talked about that in his prep rally
Juan is a total douchbag!
Kanye is too far gone to realize he is being used. Like Donald's daddy said, "We don't rent to n------gers" I hope all you racist bitches are having fun.
Juan twisted words again. Jesus its so hard to find truly bright people on TV anymore
Lol. That's Kanye being Kanye West. 
Not Jay-Z or Beyonce.

Mah lil'gayfish brand new episode to South Park County, Colorado.
I don't care about Kanye West at all, but all I see is one individual speak of his mind on being independent from government. Good for him.
Don Lemon is more white than wonder bread.
CNN SUCKS!  CNN SUCKS!  CNN SUCKS!
Lemon salivates over other men's anal cavity.
No one hates black people more than black people.  It's true.
Soul??? All them celebrities actors and rappers (TI) sold their soul for fame. Oh please.
It was bazaar what Kanye has been doing. He could support anyone he wants but the strange behavior is amazing.
Black liberals are a danger to their selves and thus should never be trusted with political power unless its a Black Republican than it is okay to vote for them. It doesnt matter what qualification a Black democrat come with, you should never vote for them because they cant think straight. Black Democrats are unconscious, misguided, slave minded people, the only sensible Black American are Republicans. 

Black democrats choose to throw away their privilege in the garbage by jointing and supporting the party of the Ku Klux Klan, slavery, Jim Crow laws the Democratic Party. The Black liberals are the cause of their own pain; the Black liberal is wicked, unconscious and should not be heard. To the Black Democrats, the right to vote is just a mechanism to keep them on the plantation of Democratic Party. 

Is it any wonder why most Black Democrats live in the inner cities, unemployed, fatherless homes, unmarried and are at the bottom of the ladder without any hope of rising to the top of the ladder? 

How could we as Black people support the Democratic Party that has done all these unlawful things without ever paying any kind of compensation to their victims? This I cant understand. 

Black American Its time to leave the Democratic Party plantation and start to vote for the Republican Party, it is only way that Black American will find real progress in America and the fulfillment of Martin Luther King, Jr. dream that one day our children will not be judged by the color of their skin, but by the content of their character.
I'd love to give President Trump a big hug too.
Liberals are repulsive
Greg vs Juan! There's an outbreak of TDS of the Fox set.
They truely believe they are the moral majority, they cant see their own facisim. Raceisim, narcissistic personality disorders, and they have holes in their hearts that cant be filled. We need God in our lives in the biggest way...
The left just cannot hold back the racism! I love CNN and Don Lemon! They are the true face of the left! Let the world see who they are!
Hey Juan, you don't speak for me. Don't make general statements telling your liberal friends what I think. The only reason you are on The Five is for your point of view and your point of view doesn't relate to me. Just state what you think and not what you think everyone else thinks... 'cause we don't think like you.
Kenye Trump 2020
Then what the h*ll does lemonhead rhink HE'S doing!?! Isn't he a "token negro" pandering to whites!?! WHO is putting words in HIS mouth?
Juan Williams has to go. Really.
Free thought...Free Speech...let Freedom ring walking with a God.
Don Lemon proves he is a racist again, thanks Don
The radical left is so predictable. Its getting BORING. May they reap what they sow.
That man on your show should go to CNN
Those hats DO bestow superpowers upon their wearer. Believe me, I can attest to that. 
Don Lemon head 
The Democrats didn't even try to listen to what Kanye had to say. They tuned him out completely.
Blacks supporting the left is exactly like Stephen from Django Unchained.
Don Lemon is an obsessive racist! Obviously! Everything for him is racism. Only a racist perspective could envision , let alone openly call -  the Kanye oval office meeting a "minstrel show". Sheesh. Lemon needs therapy. He cannot be taken seriously.
Don Lemon just proved his racism 100%.
Is there anyone who can tell don lemon head how ridiculous and stupid he is. He is a disgrace to the entire black community and other useless african American celebrities who cant do anything for their community.
Lol BRO CNN is making this so much better
You are the absolute worst
Simmer down Juan. Lookin a lil nutty.
Race bating bastard.what a lemon.
they will try to ruin HIS life now.  Kavanaugh wasn't enough.  They want to send the message that if you like Trump, we will ruin you forever.
Yaa know......Don Lemon suggesting Kanye west is being used is perhaps one of the most ironic, richest and hypocritical moments I've seen, all week? All month? There have been many to be sure but this is hard to imagine anyone cannot see it, although they can't. Mr Lemon works hard every day to sell out himself, his country and his race to an elitist agenda who allows Mr Lemon to imagine he's one of them. Just when we think the level hypocrisy can't be topped here they come again.
Kanye makes hes point by saying that these Libtards will always put race in everything they don't agree
I love my President Donald Trump.
wow, did not know Juan talked so much crap!!!
Lemon is a lemon
Amen Greg.
Donald Trump mere Bhagwaan hai.. nashta khaenge Bhagwan ji?
Juan falls outta the bottom of the barrel ! Lands on a Democratic Plantation !!
Its going to be Trump all the way!!!
WOW... embarrassing himself???  I don't know of him, a rap singer??  I listened the whole thing and it was IMPRESSIVE!!!  Speaking from the HEART! And that is the problem..... democrats and people that do not speak from the heart have NO IDEA what's he talking about.   They have to bash him to make them feel better.  Very sad!!!   Talking about NEGATIVE..... YIKES!!!  And Juan???  OMG why having him there???  What a waist of air time, of saliva.   He's totally brain washed.  I saw a man with a lot of guts coming to meet with the President that he likes and speaks from the heart issues that are very important.   And bring his mother??  How can they get, LOW!!!
This is a large population of Americans that voted for Trump, simply because they did not want Clinton, and for no other reason. That large population, is watching what he's doing, and they are not impressed.
Juan starts to talk and I hit that fast forward button. Hah!
just when I thought it could not get any worse then racists Don, here come dumb Juan...he needs to go to CNN, he is another guard of the Democratic party plantation...
How come Fox News doesn't are Donald J Trump's Mega rallies anymore just asking
Go away Juan.Transfer to CNN Juan
Fack the media
Drain The Swamp
Fix the World
Brainwashing 2018
TRUMP 2020!!!!
I want to see a world where the news doesn't perpetuate color and try to shame people like kanye.
MAGA. Kabib said you can't talk about family lol and look how he acted and Democrats agreed w him... Dems have no back bone
The haters saw a black man hug a white man in the white house they went crazy. That racism came out on both sides. They couldn't take it, their belief system went haywire. The idea of blacks and whites loving each other is an abomination to them.  Because they are filled with so much hate. This is what's holding blacks back. Black hating black along with all those racist policy that the right and left support because they work for the same evil ones
The voice of the general public is golden.

What can you do about world events?

1. Make an appointment to meet with your local congressman to personally discus your concerns.

2. Exercise your right to meet with an FBI agent personally if you encounter any suspicious activity.

3. Educate yourself. Request information from the Freedom of Information Act.
I am sorry but I had to down vote this just because of Juan. He is as hateful and racist as Lemon.
Racism from the left has no bounds.
Hey, Kanye West! I ABSOLUTELY LOVE what you said at the White House. Keep wearing the MAGA hat. Lead the rest out of the plantation.
And what are all your over educated asses doing to help the CHICAGO problem ? other than commenting on his education at least he see`s his home town and city black youth problem and WTF are your stuck up asses doing to help? crickets
Don Lemon you are so jealous. You are also a fool.
The dems can suck on sour grapes while us "deplorables" are being utilized for something good. I consider it a badge of honor.
Jesus, they really dont like black people with free will do they
Don Lemon, Kanye already got a hug, it was from the president.
If Democrats fail to get 80% of the black vote, they will never win another election
It's the equivalent of sending the dogs to hunt him down to bring him back to the democrats plantation
There's something not right when adult men, one being the President, are talking passionately about a mega hat being a super man cape while promoting their ego when they could be helping victims of hurricanes or human trafficking. They've lost touch with reality. It made me feel like I was back in college, sitting in a PSYCH 101 course, listening to people speak excitedly about crazy crap.
Don Lemon is such a cowardly pethetic jerk off
Juan is just your typical liberal coward.
yeah bc how dare kanye make up his own mind right?  it's not like he is an individual no he has to be told how to feel by the msm fake news.
Juan transfer to cnn
Kanye more power to you, FYI the KKK was the militant arm of the Democratic Party, how many blacks and Mexicans in the KKK
Really impressed with Jedidiah.  Jesse told it like it is, Greg put the token Democrat in place,  & Dana i learned must be short.
Juan is off the rails!
How dare he presume what kanyes mother would think. Rolling in her grave, really thats pretty low.
They are just mad that Kanye isn't falling for the agenda for black people because he isn't a sheep and he sees trump as a man of the people instead of the typical puppet corrupt politician that always gets elected. Don lemon is the guy who said that missing Malaysia airplane got sucked into a black hole lol he's delusional and he needs to get off his high horse
CNN = Crap News Network. Don Lemon, Chris Cuomo, and all the LOSERS on the leftist MSM = Crap. PURE Crap. ABSOLUTE Crap.
Omg, that guy is clueless about Don Lemon. The two cannot be compared. If feel for Kanye slightly because he was not making sense.
The republicunts are calling this a summit...LOL!
The far left are like bullies and most bullies are taken down sooner or later.
My friend works in the White  House and she says President Trump was letting Kanye push the nuclear button.  He just didnt push it all the way down. Bahahaha. Stupid Dimwits
When you run off the plantation, liberal slave owners and bedwenches will chase after you.
Good will always win over EVIL! Cheaters never prosper!!!
Hey, Juan Williams!! Youre DUMBER than a box of bricks. Shut up!! JUST SHUT UP!!
These people at Crappy News Network should be ashamed of themselves.they don't belong on tv period and anyone who agrees with them is too ignorant to think for themselves
if u keep seeing people based on their skin color, you'll never get rid of racism, he's being an individual who likes the President
Did any demcrap even listen to what he actually said?
NO ONE should GIVE A CRAP about what the demon-possessed leftist MSM has to say.
Don Lemonhead has rich envy! Kanye west is a smart cookie he wants the people to think he is crazy...freaken hilarious..smart very very rich..Lol brofist to Kanye genius 
Kanye and President Trump have something in common.They have both been maligned  by the leftists in their attempt to arbitrarily classify them as deranged and unfit.
Juan needs to be fired. He made no argument as to why a Kanye man can not sit down with the President and create a better future for all of us( regardless of any differences). He just talked blah blah blah. He even praised Don Lemon...I am sorry, Juan needs to go, he is crazy...
BTW, I am still waiting for someone to tell me how Trump's policies are racists...
No more than when Lemon slobbers over Hillary Clinton......
Trump has always had black friends!
Juan just needs to go.  Providing an alternative view is one thing...being a completely biased idiot is another.
the radical left is pure evil
the lemon is rotten
What's all this talk about Republicans suppressing the black vote in Georgia.
Lemon, you are the ignorant one.
All the crap you reporters do to Trump and he sticks his neck out to help one of you....what a guy..
Juan Williams looks like a corpse....Just like the Dems !
I can't say I like Kanye or his, "wife," but I will say he got some big balls!
The liberal media are as vile as you get. Everything they say their against is exactly what they are.
Checkout jim brown! Another wife beater who belongs in jail. More horror. Vote out redudlicans.... NOW!!!
Yeah Trump was playing bro fist with Kanye while people were dying in Florida, having their homes ripped up like an atomic bomb dropped. Screw this clown.
Don Lemon has just about flushed what little credibility he had as a journalist down the toilet.  He should just switch over to a Extreme Left commentator on a non serious non major media, oops already there.
Don Lemon said that Kanye needs a father in his his... Is he implying all fatherless black children like Donald Trump?
Don lemon is a house negro. Never in the field. Brain washed liberal. And the most racist person since that Muslim president dumbass. You know conservative right winning when they bash there own kind.
Don Lemon is lame fake news swine, and he makes a good living at, all while sitting in his chair in a puddle of another man's semen oozing from his butt hole telling folks what to think. He is like a hired geek in some traveling backwoods carnival - the freaks who bite the heads off chickens - but Don is a modernized geek who thinks he can bite the heads off of brave people like Kanye or our elected President. Lemon is actually the filthy bacteria that spreads the disease which is CNN and the Alt-Left.
Remember back in the 80's,
MTV played Music Videos and
CNN reported Real News?
This was a very bad show. Not genuine and I am surprised Jim Brown took part of this show, very embarrassing.
Juan's desperation is increasing. Watching for years and he knows his position is loosing.
Fat Cow and Chelsea who? Stars???
Please check dislike on CNNs biased videos you will have to search for CNNs channel. this will help lower their rankings and please share this message. Don Lemon is a hateful person. Please check like on videos you do like such as Fox.  It's almost like voting.
No Don you are the embarrassment to the black community and any other black who criticizing Kanye
lol at how democrats lose their minds when someone is fleeing from the plantation.
Vote out redudlicans! Vote for freedom! NOW!!!
GET RID OF JUAN...HE ADDS NOTHING TO THE DISCUSSION
Don Lemon is just doing a minstrel show.
kanye is a free thinker, The only reason why his mother would be rolling in her grave is because she heard  her son's name come out of your dirty mouth @donlemon CNN SUCKS....
The only ones who are criticizing him are Democrats, liberals and racist people. We don't care about your opinions. TRUMP  4 MORE YEARS
3:23 sums up EXACTLY why the libs are having a fit.

Gotta love how Juan Williams puts words in the mouths of others, then accuses conservative minded of distorting the conversation!!!   Kanye NEVER says the hat gives him superpowers.  NOBODY suggested Kanye is a conservative's hero.  What a pathetic attempt at damage control, but then, it falls right in line with MSM's MO.

Face it libs.  The days of snow-jobbing minorities are coming to an end.  People are seeing what really lies beneath the liberal machine, now that you are on the ropes and showed your cards.
Shows you how racist the MSM narrative and its talking head is.
Lemon head
I don't get what's the big deal.
You know we live in weird times when Kanye West becomes the voice of reason .
The left is shooting itself on the foot...
Don Lemming is such a puke!
If the media felt it was a ridiculous meeting, why did they even bother covering the meeting?!?  What a bunch of dipsticks.  How long will they keep acting this way?!?
I can't stand Juan. Please let him go so he can walk his stupid ass to CNN.
About to get myself some Yeazys... everyone here should do the same
Sorry but I dislike these news channel videos. I liked to watch the video of Kanye and the President talking, I watched the whole conference that they showed. I prefer to see what actually happened and know facts. I don't like Fox or CNN. Because they just talk about their opinions and try to convince people to be on their side. I rather just know facts, see what happens, and not get opinions. I feel like Fox is trying to teach us how to debate and have negative opinions to liberals, and CNN is trying to teach us how to debate and have negative opinions against conservatives. Just tell us what happened, not what to think.
Juan is a token
You have nothing but animosity Lemondick !  Youre an embarrassment    
Lemon had better watch out. Kanye might buy the network and make that fool work for him.
It's another own goal for the Dims. If West had been overly respectful and on his best behaviour they'd call him an Uncle Tom sucking up to a powerful white man. You cannot win with them.
Kanye could have been Trump's son. lol
So Im to understand that if youre not white according to lemon you cant go to a country music concert? Kanye doesnt think inside the box so thats bad? Leftists dont like minorities escaping?  Crazy inside lemons head.  Cheers
Is always the Democrats showing the racial card and the hate speech.
Lol Don lemons fake outrage is hilarious
Don Lemon a father figure? LMFAO!!!!
Greg was correct. Lemon was green with envy! As for all the rest of the howlers after Kanye, here in Australia it's called 'Tall Poppy Syndrome' , they must be cut down.
Food Network higher rating than CNN 
Juan does this for a pay check, no way he legitimately is ok with being human stool.
LEMON IS THE EMBARRASSMENT!!!!!!!
This president has muchos cojones
She said "an assault on our White House" what about Clinton, a BJ in the Oval Office want an assault.? She probably wishes
Lemon shouldn't talk about Kanye West being an embarrassment to African Americans when Lemon is a disgrace to them.
Nobody really cares about Kanye West so I wish I would please get off of that
Jealousy's a curse Demon.....oh....I meant Lemon
9:45
I love these melt downs - lol MAGA 
Fire Lemon he's a disgrace.  He's just a mean, bad person!
We love him too, Kanye. Thanks for standing tall. Screw you, Lemon. I don't watch CNN, but they need to get rid of you and Anderson if they ever expect to improve their ratings.
That was an assault on our White House. What a lad, how about Clinton getting a blow job in the Oval Office , what a bunch of losers. Dunces.
Don Lemon is a RACIST, shouldnt be on air
LIBERALISM HAS DESTROYED ITSELF...
I'M VOTING REPUBLICAN IN NOVEMBER...
I STAND WITH KANYE WEST...
SOLIDARITY IS THE ANSWER....
AMERICA NEVER GIVES UP...
AMERICAN'S NEVER QUIT...
I STAND WITH PRESIDENT TRUMP 100%..
GOD BLESS AMERICA...
Don't care about Kanye West, don't care about Don Lemon.  Shut up already.
Juan is a total jerk!
I like the word Summit.
DUMB LEMON!
How dare you bully a gay fish!!! 

Gay fish are people too! ....

And fish
Juan comes.out of the gate attacking Jesse, then gets made a Jesse for interrupting, yet waters never insulted the man
Fox News needs to fire Juan Williams and send him back to NPR a failed radio station.
Celebrities  should not have to fear for their careers over political veiws.
The depravity of the Pravda wing of the Democratic Party (the mainstream media) know's no bounds. They have insinuated that Kanye is a "Uncle Tom, a Traitor, a Token, and mentally ill", simply for the crime of thinking differently. The Media's bigotry of low expectations is outrageous and immoral. When will they apologize for their indecency?
So foul language disrespected the office give me a break Bill Clinton was getting blow jobs in that room not too long ago and nobody cared
Man  i hate to say this but i feel like don lemon doesn't like white people.
I know that only 7% voted for Mr. Trump, I know that 5 to 10 times that will vote for President Trump, I know that because, in the midterm, about half of them will vote for the Republican Ticket.  And that will mean, being a media employee, does not make you anything but a talker, everything is scripted for you and the more real you make it the more money you're paid.  Follow the money, vote your own mind, no one pays you to vote.  You have the right to vote, because of a bunch of young poor white guys who gave up being old rich white guys 600,000 of them.  Folks try to say that the USA is in a war over being liberal or conservative, actually, it's like the 2000 cotton and tobacco grower, who wanted to rule.  The war is a media war, and not one AMERICAN is willing to die for that cause, it was a thing we all learned from 1860's.  The spirit of Shakespeare is alive and will ~ fortunately ~ the President doesn't have the same power as the King did back then.  No heads will come off, just media folks will be looking for jobs, try not to get caught with your pants down, again.
Hey Black people. Main Stream media is calling you all stupid. And Guess what, It's mostly White people on the left telling you this. Are you going to vote for that Pile of Crap called the Democrats?
CNN IS BEING BEATEN IN RATINGS BY THEIR OWN COMMERCIALS
Do we all understand what is going on now!? What the left is trying to do to all of us!? Q sent me here. Patriots Unite! WWG1WGA!
How crazy is it that I was waiting for Juan to fck this talking point again, giving don Lemonade an amen? WTF is wrong with you Juan?
And how he touts his "record as a journalist".....for crying out loud.  He writes one book criticizing the President and now he thinks he's all that !   He's just a racist, uppity argumentative ass.  Just my opinion of course...but it counts just as much as anyone else's !
Hey Don,  it was hard to watch???   It cant be any harder than having to watch CNN.  At least Kanye isnt bought and sold like your failing network.
Jesse Watters has so much patience with Juan, something I would have a problem with.
Fake news
Juan Williams is the only voice of reason!
Lemon youre an embarrassment and  god will give you your due reward. Shame on the evil left and media for attacking Kanye. A fellow artist. Artists should take the attack on this Artist Kanye personally. Or you dont deserve to thrive in your art. Shame on the media and movie Soros clans. Remove crazy Juan. Too irritating to watch the racism i have observed on blacks against whites in America and discrimination of president trump to point of now discriminating against Kanye by his own blacks. Disgusting! Kanye is a brave Soul trying to find solutions for Chicago and his tribe. Way to go Kanye! God protect you.
Lemon, shove a d*ck in your mouth and stfu!!
From Britain and ask a black woman, Don lemon is a disgrace and CNN should get rid of him at the moment CNN is painful to watch.
You are just jealous Juan Williams he looks great with that red hat!!!
Wow they are really awful. I don't see what they are talking about. He was making valid points. If they really thought he was having a mental breakdown, making fun of him all over the liberal news wouldn't be help.
Lemon needs to awaken, and take off the chains and much more! Pathetic is he!
AND AS FAR AS TURKEY SWIFT , SHE PROBABLY TORE HER BRAINS OUT TO FIGURE A WAY TO GET BACK IN NEWS....THESE PEOPLE NEED TO BE ON TOP NEWS STORY , ITS A MUST
Spot on Greg.  Great points
I love this guy right here 
The leftist media elite couldnt give a better demonstration of those left behind in Platos cave. Its uncanny.
Whiney Juan William's would be right at home over at CNN. Bye Juan!
THE MENTAL HEALTH PROBLEMS ARE THE PEOPLE , MEDIA THAT SLEEP ON THAT THEY ARE GOING TO ALLEGE PEOPLE ARE RACIST THE NEXT DAY...IN THEIR QUESTIONS OR INTERVIEW , OUT OF ALL THE QUESTIONS IN THE WORLD , THEY SLEEP ON THAT RACIAL QUESTION NOT TO FORGET ABOUT BRINGING UP
Invoking his f***ing dead mother? How do you not know how disgustingly disrespectful that is? These people have lost their goddamn minds.
Good, Kanye did the right thing, anytime the Left gets mad at what the Right is doing than it's the right thing!
CNN sucks
Juan entirely missed the point. He wasn't calling you a token black person. You fell for exactly what he was saying. He is saying that you could be anyone with a valid opinion or legit track record and STILL be called a token X person if a media outlet disagrees with you. You taking offense and acting like he called you a token means you completely failed to understand his point.
8:06 I thought Trump only liked people who didn't get caught? (Mccain??)  He makes me sick. 
Actual quote - CNN Don Lemon - Don't believe what you see with your own ears...  Hopefully more people will extend beyond their echo chamber and realize truth cannot be refuted.
 It's unbelievable to me how much of Western Culture citizens vomit the stuff they're force-fed...
"Believe in something...... even if it means wearing a hat indoors...."
Don Lemon is resenting the fact that another Black Man had the temerity to escape from the Democrat plantation. Lemon is like the slave whose job was to keep the other slaves in line for their white masters.  Shame on you, Don Lemon!
A bloody minstrel show???!! Can the left get any more racist at this point? This is a new peak.
Don Lemonade is such a dweeb.All of these people that bad rap Kanye are in MKULTRA. Who cares.
Don...... Did you actually LISTEN to Kanye????  Wow What we are seeing from the Democrats is what you get when you have a Man leading a country that has a big heart, wisdom and the intelligence to bring down ALL EVIL and return power to THA PEOPLE !!!!!!!!!!!
Don Lemon a homosexual who gets drunk on live TV thinks he can tell me what to think. 

The whole "Kanyes mother is spinning in her grave" was a low shot. Kanye should demand an apology.
Lemon and Cooper lying in a bed,one eating ass and the other giving head!
The d.lemon white scrotum licking parasite on the CNN carcass. Listen to all the flies buzzing.  Ever notice the lessor predators on the Serengeti? The first thing they bite is the scrotum.....here you go.
What's up with the "blacklash" Don. Wow Don is an actual racist.
don lemon head is about to blow up, cant wait to see him cry after the midterms
But they dont care that Clinton was getting blow jobs while hes doing his job.
Don Lemon is blackspaining to Kanye.
Kanye is a runaway slave who must be punished. Maybe they should crop his ears.
Don Lemon should be fired for his horrible comments.
I think his presentation was so imbecile, 
taking the President's time with no regard to the severity of our times.
They know how much influence Kanye has so they will discredit him and claim he is mentally ill to sway impressionable people from actually listening to him... thats not gnna work
The MSM is going off their rockers they are running their mouths over something great what Kanye did was tops in my book.
My entire family was lifetime long democrat we all voted trump and voting all republican DP has become crazy town thanks  to HC
I embargoed fox news for a long time but I really do respect that they put on pundits who don't agree with the rest of the table. Does CNN, MSNBC do anything like that?
Juan and Shep should go work for CNN
Good job Kanye!
Don Lemon has a victim mentality & want to keep blacks from breaking out of that racist thinking!  Its sabotaging your own people by bringing up racism at every turn.
just wanted Fox to know i watched 7 minutes of this video, then Juan Williams opened his mouth . . . .wont watch the rest . . . how big of an uproar has to be made before someone uncorks their head and finds a better opposition opinion for that panel,  can not tolerate half the bullshit that comes out of that mans mouth. . . I'd LOVE to spend an hour having a conversation with Juan Williams just to see if he's really that dense and confused or just a muppet ><
Oh my!  Look how angry little Juan got at Greg for implying that someone might see HIM as a token black man!  Leftists can dish it out, but they can't take it!  Juan Williams needs to move to China since he hates the USA. The Chinese LOVE black folks in China! Juan Williams and Don Lemon are small minded, radical leftists who need to shut their massive pie holes. Don Lemon is a tiny little pervert who has no right to insult ANYONE else on the planet! He should confront the man in the mirror to see where his problems are.
Donald lemonades is so racist
One of Juans mostly disgusting rants! He has no clue. I know Fox needs a liberal on the panel but Juan is old and incoherent!
lemon isn't even a man
Jaun is clueless!
Juan is gross...
Greg was brilliant on this segment
Dyson, lemon, they are all race baiters and I loathe them both.
In real news,Mueller eliminated Rick Gates ankle bracelet, and curfew. I'm guessin he sold the farm. Trump is goin down
Lemon is a leftist DA
Controlled opposition
Don Lemon: what happens when negros don't think.
Well Kanye developed his concepts his own way.  That's fine.  What's the big deal?  Most adults with any common sense can get that. Those with some sort of deranged fear yap the loudest like lemon the kumquat and not don juan.
I can still recall lemon head drunk out of his skull doing a new year's eve program. I have no use for this being.
DON LIMON 
Everyone is entitled to their own opinion. Don Lemon needs to relax and get into acceptance.
Don Lemon you said "in front of all these white people."  Shove it Don.
Don lemon is a want ta be is a low life!!!
This is going to backfire in November, America is about tired of their double standard, racial stupidity! Kanye has a right to say what he feels, nonsensical or not!
Nobody says Kanye is a republican hero you asshole. And of course you do not understand it. Your IQ is in single digits so I am not surprised you do not understand.
WHEN KANYE IS PRAISED HE ALWAYS FEELS HUMBLE , BUT WHEN HE IS ABUSED BY THE TWISTED MEDIA ,, WE & HE KNOW HE HAS REACHED THE STARS. THE STARS OF  GENUINE LOVE.
Kanyes going to give lemonhead a beat down.
Kanye will have a front row seat at Trump's re-election ceremony in 2020.
Lemon will be in tears covering the festivities.
Go over to CNN Youtube channel thumbs down every one show them what's up I plan on taking the few sec to thumbs down crap
The Oval Office was mostly full of "WHITE FOLKS" that's a fact Jack, that is a disgrace, that is so much racism at the highest level, that's deplorable, that's so UNAMERICAN, shame, shame, shame, O O P S, that was {{{{MOSTLY}}}   {{{{{{THE MEDIA}}}}}  ??????????   really stupid people throw stones when they live in a glass house.  Mr. West had a hug, (THE MEDIA) got what they wanted, a talking point, too bad they didn't see the boot in the - - - , well 600,000 guys that wanted to be old rich white guys died during the 1860's to make Mr. West a young rich black guy, and at least he can appreciated it, what do you think about that?
Two words to describe these Fake News media like CNN and the like, "Sour Grapes"
Do not talk about Mama.
It was just two Americans having some conversation and CNN have to twist it and bring race into the situation for race baiting purposes. I hope most Americans especially the African Americans start to understand how the globalist leftwing are using them.
Apparently people aren't allowed to have their own opinion anymore??? FU@$ THE LEFT!!! HAD ENOUGH OF STUPID "CELEBRITIES AND MEDIA IDIOTS" TRYING TO TELL HUMANS WHAT TO THINK AND DO!!!
Lemon is a dumb ass.
All I can do is laugh don lemon and all them saying he needs to go commit himself then come back wow he is threat. I saw a brave African American willing to help all of us, i heard how can we make this country great again from him. And passion for this country, this is showing thier true colors ha ha ha you all making a fool of YOURSELF.   TRUMP   2020 BABY suck it
Jauns party is losing badly and hes pissed off!  It really shows!
The dude with the unicorn cup is a douche.
The left cannot allow black people to doubt the narrative that all blacks must be Democrats. Kanye loving Trump and meeting him in the Oval Office is terrible for the left because it gives others a chance to see a different viewpoint. If Democrats cannot get 90% of the black vote the will never again hold power, and they know it, and they are TERRIFIED that others will see the truth.
Wolf afraid to criticize Kanye do they brought in the pouch negro lemon to keep the slaves on the plantation.
Fox... why is Juan Williams still on the 5? I literally have to fast forward when he gets on...
He is disgusting
how dare a black man meet with or support a republican president.  now that is REAL racism coming from the democrats.
Jaun is so jealous, its pathetic.
I fast forward  past Juan. CNN should fire Don Lemon and they can hire Juan.
Juan deserves the cell in hell where he will end up for harming black folks so much
Juan go away!!!
Don lemon swallows........lol
This is sick !! I thought news was supposed to report news not try and be psychiatrists  to the world !! Phony , scripted actors on CNN , not journalists !!! NO LOW,  IS TOO LOW FOR CNN TO STOOP !! DEMOCRAT PROPAGANDA !!
kanye start filing lawsuits for defamation, slander, not mention encouraging action against you because you are black, and republican.  they are trying to injure your brand with slander and defamation
Don Lemon offers a Menstrual Show. And in his off hours, Lemon stretches his tonsils with male organs.
These poor haters are hemorrhaging credibility, they reek of envy, beg for value. Thank goodness they are finally in the rear view mirror. Goodbye, Don Lemon and CNN. You won't be missed! 
Don Lemon is still on CNN...in 2018.  How?
Why do we have democrats advertising to impeach the president before i get to watch this video? Don lemon is rude. He is racist towards to white people. I think Kanye is doing great, and trying his best.
I think desperation got to Lemon and he is banking on a duel between him and Kanye by bringing up his mother to take him off his game. A tactic by a weak insecure man that's puffed up and a small legend in his own mind.
Cnn but holes
Grab your white hoods people! One of "them" escaped! No fan of Kanye, but I recall a LAUNDRY LIST of celebrities visiting the president DAILY for eight years. Now that Trump Is in office, it's blasphemy. Lib hypocrisy knows no bounds.
Just think if @ 9:43 that was a woman he was speaking to. He would have been attacked, but since its a guy nobody said anything. Double standard.
Excellent job Mr. President bringing home our fellow Americans worldwide.
Don, I'm surprised you are still alive & you should be thankful for our president Trump taking care of all American. I wish your cancer would be back & take you out of your misery from this planet!!!
Juan always misses the important--and pays attention to the wrong stuff!  NOT ONE WORD about the solutions to inner city problems, Juan?  Really bro--as a black man no focus on that part of Kanye's talk?
wow, can you feel the hated from Juan ?
Republicans are taking democrats slaves away.. AGAIN.. no wonder theyre pissed off
Juan where is your substance. You have no Solutions only criticism
juan, really doesn't have an answer does he?
Juan appears racist!........
Lemon is nothing but an empty vessel
if listening to Trump's incoherent ramblings wasn't enough? Add Kanye. two driveling narcissists.
My friend never said to the devil amen , am sorry you sentence with cnn your soul was damaged for eternity
This was priceless
The Lemon is too sour.
Don Lemon is pure evil
Lemonhead looks like hes sick
I love Jesse, Genadiah (forgive me if I spelled your name wrong) and Greg.  I can't watch the Five anymore because of the other two.
Don Lemonhead... just sayin'
Sometimes I feel like hearing Juan Juan more time and then Im like nah.
He is not Lemon - he is DON ROTTEN KIWI ! His mother must to have an abortion
J Z is a free-maison just like Obama
The less hair Don Lemon has, the dumber he gets.  Let it grow back out.
The inmates are running the asylum.   YEs!!    MAGA
lol, dems, don't know what to do .  lol
Kanya West a super star and you Lemon?
dems, typical racist talk
Don leper you are a homo that is the disgrace. Go home and feed your gerbils
Fire Don Lemon Boy Cot CNN
Kanye West lost his mind.
Didn't  Don  Lemon  break  the law when he committed Sodomy on a minor when  he was eighteen
Lemon Monkeyhammered..  .. 
Kenya West you know your history I'm with you. God bless Kenya West
Black folks who go after other black folks because of politics are the ones who are ignorant. That goes for all ethnic groups!
don lemon is a black racist
Oh my, my. Garcia: go do CNN. There is your place
Fox is going to loose followers if they dont get read of that black guy on the five
Don Lemon and his "panel" should be fired. Each one needs to apologize to him. Cnn is wrong by letting this air, especially his health.  Thank you Jeddiah, Greg and Watters for bringing out the deceat of the left. There is nothing wrong with Kanye meeting with the President. I'm happy for him. The ones hollowing is upset that he is going places that they can't achieve because of their hatred. Waun Williams too.
Lemon the racist
DON LEMON ATE MY ASS !!
Juan your a liberal your a two face from The Hill media
Yes, thats right. If white people can vote for Obama (black), why cant black people vote for Trump (white). Actually, this is not about race or colour. The left and certain media are merely anti Trump. Why? Because Donald Trump destroys their dream to power to manipulate people to their agenda.
He's not wrong. Kanye is a token.
The Communist News Network should be taken off the air or Kanye should think bout buying that network.
He really called a black man liking a white president a minstrel show??? Who is really racist here...
Your an embarrassment lemon,you have serious ethical issues. GET HELP
Oct 12, 2018 ~ I believe this election on November 6 is most important! It will turn our nation around by having complete control of the House, Senate and Congress along with a good Back Up of our beloved Constitution by our Divine Supreme Justices.
 
  So lets vote the male and fem Dem's out. Show um we're sick and Tired and not going to take it anymore! (got that out of Hollywood) 

  About the Hillderbeast. Her and Slick Willy are Teflon Dons. They slither in and out of the Justice Dept! No male till Pres Trump had the the internal fortitude to Challenge the Deep State (The Swamp). Why? Because most of the SOB's are Dirty to.

  Pres. Trump is a great organizer and a great team leader as well as a team player. You bet he made mistakes as a first time politician as he did in real-estate  "BUT"  look at his accomplishments in less then 2 yrs! 

  Most of us realize he's holding back till he gets a dependable House, Senate and a Congress, with a back bone. Then the fury of Hell is going to rain down on all those that are dirty cops! I expect to see many in the DOJ to resign or get prosecuted.

  I would love to see Jeff sessions replaced with Rudy! That would shake up the CIA The FBI (PUKE) N/Y/C,  California, and New England. Over regulation and Taxation should be unacceptable by we the people. Look at the Free handouts for votes. They're all welfare states!

  Pres Trump will place his key Chess Players strategically in order to rain Hell and Damnation to the Swamp Rats slithering like the slime balls they are. They need total exposure. I expect them to pay for what they have done to our nation by dumbing down our youth that no longer have an understanding of the structure of The United States of America "BUT" vote at age 18 with immature brains!

  Public schools don't need Union teachers. They need qualified and dedicated teachers like the ones I had when a student in small town America. We recited the Pledge of allegiance, the Lords Prayer and sang. We were taught Civics, US history, World history and Geography. In High school we were given choices of academics. Many chose vocational courses while others chose General and of course the College courses.

  At age 17~18 we were prepared to advance into our country with open eyes. We had goals and proposed achievements that we chose to accomplish.

  We live in a country that grants free opportunity for those with the fortitude to accomplish what our Non political President accomplished. Like it or not. Pres Trump accomplished the complete American dream. He's no ruler nor a dictator. He represents the USA, our Constitution, Bill of Rights and our culture for us the people of the USA

  Pres Trump was willing to learn from his mistakes. He's willing to chose top quality people to staff himself. Of course some can be called minorities. Wake up Americans! It's not our Race, Creed, or Color that really matters. For each of us, it's becoming qualified to accomplish the impossible dreams that makes us a nation of Free opportunity for all. It's not about free food or free money for those physically fit or mentally fit to earn an honest living.

  Our welfare System is setting up America for Socialism. Expanded government is not good for all. It enables a dictatorship like Puton accomplished in Russia after the Diminished the Soviet Union!  

  Socialism of course is expanding our government. The government can and is a problem when it over regulates "We The Republic" That's who we are. The parties select and We the people elect 
 
  Rebuttals Accepted by those that read my statement for the content and not the person
How does Don Lemon still have a job? He's just terrible at his job. He's corny.
Oh Lemon...... U MORON !!! But @ least ya a laugh ! lmao !!!!
Jessie looks older in this video for some reason
HIS BLESS KANYE WEST
I hate it when the Democrats and their supporters come out with this rubbish. Equality means you don't stereotype or pigeonhole people. An African American is as entitled to be conservative minded as anyone else. The Democrats just want to use African Americans as their political canon fodder. Good for Kanye West thinking this through for himself, and being his own man. Respect.
The klan couldn't stand it when "their people" socialized with "the enemy" either.  Oh wait, the klan were still the demoncrats.  I'm comparing rotten apples to rotten apples. LOL
If Roseanne could be fired for a tweet then the 3 'reporter's ' calling him a house negro should be canned immediately! They have shown exactly who's racist!
LEMONS DIARRHEA OF THE MOUTH
Liberals in 2005: :Yeah! Kanye is brave and a hero! George Bush hates black people!
Liberal in 2018: Kanye calls Trump his bro and hugs him! What a house negro!
Don Lemon is scared that the Republicans are starting to attract Black voters.
What the hell? Because a black man is in support of President Trump, he's crazy, delusional? Are you kidding me? Fair minded people must realize that that's all sorts of wrong. Leftists are unashamedly stating that he needs to be on medication because he likes President Trump? OMG! I'm not a fan of his music, but he didn't say anything that outlandish. He may not be a polished speaker or have recieved a higher education, but he certainly wasn't irrational. Can you imagine if the shoe was on the other foot? Republicans were saying what the Democrats are actually saying? Jesus! Yet again, Democrats have exposed themselves for they are: power mad fascists. These are the tactics of Nazi's, Commies and dictators. Label those who speak against the powers that be as crazy. Don Lemon is straight out calling Kanye a Uncle Tom. I truly hope that blacks in America recognize who the real Uncle Tom's are, the blacks in the media who are unabashedly attacking Kanye West for merely expressing his views and personal paradigm. Democrats are the real enemies.
They hate Kanye but love Kim. MSNBC and CNN are still killing themselves! LMFAO
They are melting into a puddle of non-credible fecal matter.
When the Left melts down like this, it shows the Truth is gaining the upper hand. The more they denounce it, the more Truth/Consciousness rises in the hearts of the We The People. Demand paper ballots for the mid-terms Americans!
It's so funny to watch lemon being a plantation potato ... the thing he and the other hypocrites accuse others of. Kanye has too much self respect and belief and that galls them to the bone, because they know they do not have the intellectual or intercultural capacity to think for themselves. I don't dig Kanyes' music but his mind rocks :-)
Juan is a punk ass negro.
Greg Gutfield is not a prop. He's a tool.
Saudi Arabia did September 11. Everybody knows. Everybody except Fox Jews and Donald Trump. Who owns Fox Jews?
Jessie NEVER interrupt a house Niga
Democrats are scared blacks are waking up # run away don't walk run they will never give us a fishing pole only fish under there approval of course I'm just saying blacks for Trump 202 landslide
Look at them, they are angry and upset... CNN, ABC are go down under the Toilet
The media loved him when he said Bush hated black people. Now that He talks his mind he is crazy??? Sad thing is minorities are more conservitive than they know. Wake up people. Liberials are hate minorities so they throw us welfare and obama care when we can and deserve more. Like a FREEMIND
That's so funny! The scum of the earth is judging kanye... lmfao...
Juan is scared dems will lose, He's right
The press showed EXTREME racism, i am completely blown away by how EXTREMELY racist their statements were, they even called him an "uneducated NEGRO" !!!! and then all laughed about it!
Don lemon need to be fired
I suspect CNN is going to be shut down soon enough and so Don shouldn't burn his bridges, he might have to be asking Kanye for a job soon.
Spokesman lemon... Who the hell. What an ass.. bullying. Don you need help.
Id love to see any of these ignoramuses say it to Kanyes face.
Juan Williams needs to go to work at CNN, so he could give Don Lemon a hug every day. That way I can start watching the Five again. Please!!?
pause: "a lot of people listen to him because he is very popular"... lol, i just had to come to fox to watch them try to stick up for kanye- toooo hilarious!
I would like to thank Kanye . I am white and voted for Obama I also am a Trump supporter and I'm very happy that someone like Kanye cares about the people who arent rich and cares about U.S. industry and manufacturing jobs here. I couldn't go to college I got thrown out on the street when I was 19 I had a child at 23 and have been working those jobs that Lemon and Obama think are irrelevant. Thanks for looking out for the little guy and not just those worth $100 mil plus.
FOX, please get rid of Juan! He's part of the poison in this country!
Don Lemon has nothing in common with Kanye.
Juan is vermin just like Lemon.
Kanye is my brother!
Don Lemmon hates EVERYONE who is
Not black an gay...
His last name is  lemon go figure blacks for Trump 2020 landslide
MAKE THE NEGRO STOP TALKING.
Ah Juan's China name is Juan Wong!
11.47 and Turkey now needs President Trumps help...
Racist Liberals  PURE AND SIMPLE
yeah thats low.
But to some of us we don't believe one word he said and at all!
CNN isn't media, it's a tabloid
jaun you are a token asshole
My goodness Juan males me so angry. People like him are what's wrong with this country. Democrats are the biggest hypocrites. 
Please vote to keep these idiots from getting power.
Kanye you the man.
den lemon the 1 man CNN wrecking ball destroying the network....needs to be fired immedately
Don Lemmon should take his own advice!!
Watch the people very closely, who constantly speak evil about POTUS and his supporters. Watch how they behave when the traitors start to get rounded up. Watch how they behave when Republicans keep the house and the senate. This lunacy surpasses political opinion; this is about the condition of our souls.
Offended by profanity in the Oval office Juan? Really? That's the same desk Bill Clinton porked a fat chick on!
surprised they didn't call him uncle tom , or one eyed jimmy ........
WTF Juan Williams! You must have some serious self-steam confidence problems. West is going mostly by what he feels is right, his guts, unlike you who plays to the same mad belly ache left tune.
15:00 Juan Williams who got defensive and seemed insulted by Greg who made a good argument, is a Journalist? I never knew that. Doesnt make sense to me
Don Lemon 
You sound so stupid You have no Idea .please do your self a favor some times listen to your self.
DEMs just feeling insecure.
I don't like Kanye or Trump but Kanye can put whatever he wants on his head and Trump is doing a better job than Obama so what's the problem?
See liberal fucks this is how you argue debate and agree to disagree without insulting anyone take notes cnn
Trump is our savior.
Don Lemon is such a racist..... he needs to be terminated from his employer.
This blk guy on the fox panel is an idiot
Kayne 2020 . He will free up our brothers doing time . We need jobs and mental health not prisons.
Yeah just like how jay z and Beyonc were used by Hillary. 
Keep your opinions to your selves fake news.
WTF Juan Williams! You must have some serious self-steam confidence problems. West is going mostly by what he feels is right, his guts, unlike you who plays to the same belly ache left tune.
Kanye knew he was going to take a vicious beating in the MSM and elsewhere for acting and speaking like this. The only reason he would do that, take that beating, is because he  believes in what he is saying and has a message for his community he needs to get out, some truths he believes need to be said. 
     The dems need broken homes for votes, they need downtrodden people too. They have been breaking homes and keeping people poor for decades, desperate people that will vote for them for the minimum, signing papers and filling out forms and accepting poverty, guaranteed poverty, and imagining the democrat politicians are the caring and generous party. It's a scam, a trap. Kanye sees and knows this and is trying to tell his people what is being done to them as it was done to him, speaking from experience, with a self made economic success that allows him to see his community from a vantage point outside of the pit of institutional poverty. 
     All the clips from CNN and the rest of the fake news mill never spoke about what Kanye said, they just attacked him, calling him crazy and token Negro and such. They can't report on his words because they are true, all they have is ad hominum.
Donald feels more comfortable when he is surrounded by his fellow mentally challenged soulmates.
CNN brought in their token black guy
C N N= Certaintly Not News. Seems they trying to take ratings away ftom the View? News.....absolutely not.
juan should not have a job anywhere but picking up trash.  He is anti-black and thinks he is white.
I did not realize how intelligent Kanye is,  WOW  was very impressed, he's got huge leadership potential,  a treat to listen to his ideas
I love President Trump more and more as each day passes...and he isnt even my President, I wish he was though..my Prime minister Jacinda Adern openly mocks and bashes  Trump daily....TRUMP 2020!!!!!
Lord Jesus please protect President Trump his family and the Patriots of America...amen
Juan you are Fox's token Negro you know that so why get mad. "You gettin paid" so keep acting like a liberal for the camera's. Good Negro!!! We all answer to the same Master's people. Ain't no white privilege unless you are Rich. And that is less than 5% of white people as a whole. We all fear cops, we all bleed red, and we all got to survive some how. Why listen to the elite at all. What's the difference between a rich white man and a Rich black man? Nothing. They are the same. They do not care about us. I question Trump's Motives all the time as we should all rich people.
So sad to see Kanye West like this. His mother would be ashamed of him. Kanye West is a lost child. It was hard for me to watch Kanye West, in a meeting with Donald Trump. Trump is using Kanye West to get us black people to vote for him. By the way, I am not conservative nor liberial, I tell it like I see it. As we, the black people will not vote for Trump.
Don lemon is not just a racist, He is stupid
Hey Fag boy, Kanye got a hug...from the President.  None of these pundits made any noise when the Clintons were pimping out the White House for campaign funds?   They were there talking about Prison Reform for non-violent offenders and bringing back even more jobs to black communities.
Jededia is awesome as well!
They should cut Juan Williams loose. He is just a racist piece of subhuman garbage. If he pulls the race card, he opens to door to receive the same type of ignorance to be shoved right down his throat. (Or through those massive nostrils) 
Sound like Kanye is a victim of racism from liberals and his own people
Look who it is who is really prejudice. Democrats
Sickening what Don Lemon did. He thinks he is so much better than any other black man. Say what you want no matter how racist or how hateful, but, you NEVER GO AFTER SOMEONES MOTHER!! That is WRONG & Grounds For Fire without Pay. Don Lemon should be fired and his sorry ass out the door!! Jealous Liberal Idiots!!
Don Lemon is the lemon of all time !!!!!
Go home, Don..... you're drunk !..... AGAIN !!!
That was awesome on Gregs part!!! Gutfield nailed it!!! Thank u for pointing that out Gut!!!
DID YOU GET THAT 4 AM MEMO ?? SAY ... "MENTAL CRAZY NEEDS HELP".  HAHAHA. SO OBVIOUS. AND "NOT WORKING" ! ! ! !
No Mr. Lemon you are an embarrassment and so is the MSM you represent!
RIP Democrat party
Im not listening to T.I. anymore
Kanye West appears to be not well at the moment he needs support not chastised. I think Kanye is a good heart tho god bless.
don lemon should be lynched by democrats
the only one on full-time emotional meltdown is fox news, purveyors of drama
7:00 Juan youre a disgusting and as stupid as Don Lemon. Neither of you are original in thought. Juan steals talking points from the FAKE NEWS!! His book is titled after what President Trump said what the Hell Do you have to Lose? Hes one of those who would look on someone elses paper during a test. I just cant stand anyone on News who keeps repeating themselves on Liberal Talking Points!
Juan Williams what a rube.
Every word said by Jessie Waters was spot on,  The Democrats have to hang on to their 90% plus support from the black community to have a chance in national elections.  The prospect of Kanye opening up the minds of even a small percentage the black vote absolutely terrifies the left.  Juan IS DESPICABLE.
I stand with Kanye.... good points that he made. I have new respect for this man. I dont like rap but kudos and bravo for Kanye, standing up for what he feels is right!!!!! The good Lord will see this and say, " my good man".....why??? Becuzz, he made a point about loving your neighbor, no matter what color.......
What is with Fox constantly giving CNN exposure? The heading of this post is "Media melts down over...." WTF!!! CNN is NOT media. They are a joke. They are America's Sunday Sport, and if you don't know what Sunday Sport is, then google it. SS was a British newspaper that unashamedly published fake news. That's CNN - FAKE NEWS. Forget about them. Ignore them. Stop taking their bait.
Don Lemon is a lowlife scumbag. The fact that he has a nightly television show is appalling. I hope he goes down in flames....and FAST!!!
Lemon head
Wow. Someone has a different opinion and yall lose your minds. These Democrat public figures are giving him way more attention than this is worth  who honestly cares who Kanye supports. Everyone is entitled to their own position.
OH OK ... I GUESS IT'S OK TO SAY "NEGRO" NOW .... "DON LEMON NEGRO" ... "ANGELA RYE NEGRO" ... "CHRIS CUOMO NEGRO" !!
Almost 40% blanks are pro Trump, I'm sure is up higher than that now.
The MAGA hat is going to be the next big thing in the hood
Rip his mother. Thats wrong
Why in the world is Lying Brian Williams back on the air?
Don & Juan lovefest...ugly.
Awe, Don Lemon feels left out, that he is repulsed among other Liberal Hacks who depend on Blacks for VOTES, for their Government...and he is a drama propaganda tv opinion Racist who solely wants attention. The Left are panicking So Much at the idea that an actual Successful African American Celebrity could support a Successful Billionaire Hard Working President!! The Blacks are actually having a Movement right now, life is improving in many ways since Trumps Administration. And Juan, who is as dumb as Don Lemon and NEVER thinks for himself bc he listens to cnn too much for talking points. 
To me, It was a positive experience For Kanye, it was a Positive experience for Donald Trump!! So let it BE!! This is America its. A. Free. Country 
Don was way out of line
I want to get a petition going to fire don lemon. WHO IS WITH ME!?!?! comment
Kanye is today's Uncle Tom, but instead of supporting the plantation owner, it's the elitist. And Trump is the elitist's mouthpiece.
FAKE NEWS
Don Lemming is the only insult to America.
His Mother loved him, she would be proud of him.
And for the record snoop dog was with Obama at the white house once, joking about smoking weed in the oval office, and it was funny.
Double standards?
CNN and Don Lemon are a joke.
This Lemon guy is disgusting....He thinks he is somethimng special. Shut up Idiot....you are the idiot and shut up
Jesse is a racist
They need to count how many times people say Shut the F^ck up Juan! in the comments, I want to see the numbers.
No need for waterboarding,  listening to Don talk is pure hell.
Who cares about kanye? He is crazy like Trump 
Lemon puckered up, lemon is so sour,  he should not have made any comment about Kanye's mother rolling over in her grave.  Way over the line, should be fired
Kanye is mentally disturbed he admits himself what more proof you need and as for don lemon mentioning kanye mother turning in her grave by this cherade the man knew her so in my opinion that gives him the right to make a comment about what she would make of the above debacle. tell me how many of you knew kanye's mother not many i think and to finish i watched this yesterday and it reminded me of when elvis went to the oval office and shook hands with nixon we later found out nixon was a crook yesterday kanye shook hands with trump well they say history repeats itself
Lemon thinks that's hard to watch.  Lemon's impossible for any thinking, informed person to watch.
You are a liar,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, we bashed him for  dis respecting Bush because we knew better you are a clown ...........
Roseanne's career was ended swiftly for a joke she tweeted but yet this panel on CNN has expressed some of the most openly racist views I have ever seen on national television news.
i cant believe don leamer still has a job. anyways i think juan is don leamers father!!
Apologies you m ...f....
Juan is another Uncle Tom. All Black people should open your eyes, cause it ain't whitey lying anymore. It has always been your Leader's who live in Mansions while you starve who have.
So it's official Don Lemon is a hardcore racist
Kanye was sitting next to an African American! Don Lemon is a liar. There is no excuse for dragging Kanye's mother into this. CNN sucks!!
It  WAS a very cheap shot going after his deceased Mother.
Kanye's support is starting to make me more confident in my support of Trump. Go Kanye!! Go Trump!!
That  Lemon is one instinctually disinherited and intellectually disenfranchised fruitcake.
No surprise here. Kanye was loved and admired by millions everywhere but now that he actually spoke his own mind and feelings, they will try to take him down. It's like a crab in a bucket, just as one finds it's way to the top, others will drag him back down. Blacks, women and gays are NOT PERMITTED to have their own thoughts. The Democrat party forbids it and the moment you even seem to wander off the democrat plantation, they will unleash the dogs and instruct everyone how to think and what to say. They have to rain shame on Kayne. They can't have others get uppity and even consider adopting his beliefs or any others.
OMG..!  ANY Trump Circus..!  FUX NEWS Defends it..?  Superman..?  PATHETIC..!!!
for the black guy on the panel Jay z ex drug dealer Kanye no criminal record
The more crazy the democrats go, just validates their fear and outrage over losing power
Don Lemon is a racist, and so is Juan Williams, YES Juan, you are a racist!! I call BS!! YOU and Don made this about race!! RACIST!!!
Don Lemon is a bitter hateful man. He treats others in such a condecending manner. He is a self intitalled drama queen!  He is a Queen,lol! In his dreams.
Mob mentality.
** If you like Sarcatic Humor about lemonhead,  Go check out John Ward's channel.!   :)
Black people, like all people should ignore the mainstream media.
Fox really needs to get rid of that 'PROP' Juan ! As a black man I can say he is an embarrassment to black people!
Lmao Trumptards so desperate for support theyll take racist loony Roseanne and now bipolar Kanye. SAD
I challenge Don Lemon to a fight in the Ring!!!! Seriously I make the challenge!!! His white Uncle Tom ass MFer needs his ass whooped and exposed by me as the RACIST he is.
Anytime Democrats can't control black people they become outraged...
This just converted me to a republican. This is the last straw for me right here. I used to be a lifelong liberal and ya know what this is utter lunacy and I will never vote for a democrat again for at least the next 10-20 years.
GO TRUMP!!!
Juan needs to go
Kanye 2020!!!!!
Lemon such a lowlife
Eat your heart. out fcking liberal democrats.hahaha.this was refreshing..
All Big stars Have taken it in the ASS by some producer or agent or director. They have sold their soul's for fame and money. Celebrities are but puppet's for the elite.
Please Know that that Monotone Black SHILL Juan Williams has NOT EVER SPOKEN for Me or my Fellow Blacks via his PREDICTABLE, UNNUANCED BS!!!!
What a cheap shot CNN. These people are sick!
To liberals this was ridiculous, to conservatives its about freedom of speech. The facts are he didnt say anything coherently. We shouldnt support nonsensical gibberish.
I don't see what the problem is. kanye is not any crazier than these fox news people.
Son Lemon needs to go to a mental hospital for being gay female. He got an abyss hole for an ass.
Don Lemon is a absolute embarrassment to the black community he's suffering incredibly bad with Trump derangement syndrome. Mr Lemon needs to see a doctor because he's letting Trump derangement syndrome take over every aspect of his life it's sad
What we are seeing is the unfolding of the politics of seething hate and loathing. Why do they have to unleash all this vitriol when a member of a minority group "leaves the plantation"?
Kanye is on right side of history     some day 10 years down the road when Trumps daughter is president they will realize how big an ass they were
Don your father is proud of you being a girly man
Well Don Lemonhead, your the embarrassment! It boggles my mind why your still on the air! How dare you bring up his mother. Low blow!
Fox win journalism. Owning the competition too, love it.
Lemon Head is the one that should be embarrassed.
Some of the most brilliant people have mental issues. Mental issues DO NOT equal stupid. If you listened to what Kanye said he was on point.
I love it. The more unhinged liberals get, the more votes Republicans will get in November.
This Lemon Juice is a Plantation Negro. He talks about Kanye who is an independent thinker and voiced a lot of truth in his words and will not be intimated by the Lunatic Liberals. He slams Kanye and says he is being used....Hey Lemonade...What about Beyonc, Jay Z, when they went to see crooked Hilary and Barry Oboma or whatever his real name is....You don't think they were being used for Political Gain????.Like Diamond and Silk would say....You are being pimped by the White Man. Get off the Plantation Dude
One might think that a low IQ, gay negro, such as Don Lemon, would not participate in this sort of vile bigotry. One would apparently be wrong.
Lemon is as sour as it gets.. poor little ditch pig. Time to hang up the hat Lemon..
When life gives you lemons....
As a Mixed (Black and White) person... Am I the only one, skin color aside, think that Don Lemon is a Racist and was Dead Wrong for talking about Kanyes Mother who is dead? Regardless of what Hat he is wearing, His mother should be left out... MOTHER WOULD BE PROUD OF HER SON FREE OF THE DEMOCRATIC BRAIN WASHING MACHINE!!!
These talking heads on the left can't touch Kanye, he's free! Progressives hate that fact.
need to get kanye and don lemon in a ufc fight
THIS IS "WHY NOBODY" WATCHES........CNN!!
DON & JUAN ...You really, Really, REALLY SUCK ! 
Well they got it right hysteria over this meeting...
DNC"S history is most horrible of any hate group ever in this usa. HOPE YOU LIKED IT LEMMON JACKASS. 
      HAHAHA....I AM HAPPY IT PISSES OF THE LEFT LEFTLIBS.
Finally call this guy out for what he is a racist in front of all these white people he said how racist does he have to be
Don Lemon, lemon by name and lemon by nature.
crazy does not = stupid
Foutunately Don Lemon.s opinion does not matter much b ecause not many people watch his show. And no Don, Kanye did not embarrass himself. Kanye does not even care what you think
if y'all  think u gained the black vote u didn't  Kanye has been screaming for help last 2 years smh it shows that the white house has no clue what's going  with the  black community.
This had nothing to do with black and white.  Kanye was there as himself and not representing blacks. Leave it to Don Lemon to make everything racial.
So Don Lemmon thinks Kanye's mother must be "rolling over in her grave" because she is so embarrassed that her son was invited to go and speak with a sitting President? I guess then Don Lemon's mother must have been SO proud to see her only son (blind drunk) on nation-wide TV on New Year's eve,  trying to decide which of his titties he was going to pierce?!!!............. SO SO SO PROUD!!!!!
Black men are going to stand up...this Election......
Check put the angry liberal mob trying to silence Kanye.
Incredible
Don Lemon IS CNN's little black minstrel.
Black people being racist
Don Lemon has sold out his own race for his Globalist Masters.
  He is a disgrace.
CON YEA con man like the whoremonger
This is one of the most powerful, insightful as well as divisive segments I have ever seen on Fox (The Five)
Don Lemon is clearly a Racist
How is this RACIST SCUMBAG Don Lemon still on any TV news show??  Oh wait- he works for CNN. Enough said.
Look I am a proud HAPPY TACO EATER   and I love president Trump    I like him because he is not hypocrite
juan...just shut up
Once again the Republicans win. Are we tired of winning yet?
Wow look fake new butt hurt Im not surprised trump 2020
Fox needs to take Juan Williams and shove him up Don Lemon's ass. That things so stretched out and prolapsed that there would be little struggle to accomplish this.
Holy crap FoxNews actually allow a complete lefty to have so much time to state his views, I don't see this on the actual lefty networks they never give such a dominant display of conservative ideas.
Vote people
Really? What else would you expect from fake news. They are so predictable.
Uncle Tom I mean Uncle Don Lemon head from CNN is nothing  but a race-baiting bottom-feeding a**** I hope he gets run over by a truck crossing the f**** Street Maga trump2020 Gowdy 2024
Is it just me, or is Juan desperate to cut down Kanye and class him as a fool?
Don Lemon is a piece of scumbag of the society
Lmao did he not get fired for this?
Don Lemon is a racist goof!
who the f is don lemon? WHY does he think its his job to opinionate journalism? don lemon is a fascist?
Im new at this political thing and dems and juan sound so out of CONTROL and WRONG...my black husband also finds it WEIRD
Juan is the token idiot!
So...he's black and he supports the current president who is Republican. This made CNN anchors upset? They are the ones with the problem.
when they go low we are going high !! right  lemon you f,racist jerk
media' and 'entertainment' are arenas that lying leftist garbage and dishonest democrat trash have 'controlled' with very few exceptions. politically necessary for all their protest parade language leverage and guilt projection propaganda. the president has revoked that standard of rigged operation and provided the necessary elements of communication to put the political substance and expectation into a correct context, fairly, without apology or their permission. lol.
Don Lemon is racist
Juan Williams is a bootlicker
The Negro Don Lemonhead is a complete buffoon who can't get over that he will never be incited by Donald Trump to the WH. Of course many in the media would not like Kanye doing this. They're all America-hating Communists who deserve life in prison at the very least. And, of course, Juan Williams is the deep-state ass clown who is obviously soo envious that Kanye is respected and he is not.
The left is full of idiots. Theyre losing the black vote. Latinos for Trump.
Dumb Lemonade 
Youtube pushes CNN MUCH more than Fox. I'm not subscribed to Fox News OR CNN but all I see on my main page are CNN videos.
Being used in an analogy that explained what was happening with Trump and Kanye in the WH was for Juan like being a vampire trapped in a box filled with garlic. He just had to comment because he was so triggered.
"Him in front of all of these white people"...yea but the left is the party of inclusion. Didn't take long for Lemon to bring up race.
Juan is an idiot. I hate that he approves Don Lemon as a Black Man. He is such a pain to watch on Fox. He owes Kenya an apology too. Disgraceful to think it is okay. Please send him to CNN
if kanye is crazy, then half the population is crazy. These democraps are totally insane.
Screw you  Juan
Shame on the racist Liberal media, and most sickening of all is Juan Williams.
As much as Juan Williams hate white people, Fox should let him go.
Don Lemon You Cant Be A Father Figure...YOU ARE GAY!!!
Juan is like a hemorrhoid, the kind that itches. He should be removed from Fox News.
Don lemon is pathetic lowlife human being...
Kayne himself said he was mentally ill at the summit.
For me just another example of poor taste black behaviour...does nothing for the equality cause...but then I can say that...I'm not American. 
Stop it Don! He's mother is proud of him, she's not turning around in her grave! Kanye's mom is going to hunt youI would!
Kanye West scares the hell out of the left!
I was expecting Juan to be more sensitive.
KKK announces new Lemon of the Year award for the most racist black man.
So nice to know that Don Lemon, the Plantation House Nigroe (as they say on CNN) speaks for the dead mother of Kanye West.
Juan Williams' face is like having  bad chinese food and going to the toilett and loking at it
What was Kanye's mother late for?
Don Lemon is a complete idiot & he should be ASHAMED of himself. How dare he even mention Kanye deceased Mother! No Don, you are an embarrassment!!! I think the media are losing their minds because Kanye has a massive following & they are no longer controlling these issues.. Kanye stands up for his BELIEFS, period! Why would Kanye listen to any of these so called journalists anyway? Stand your ground Kanye.. 
Wow! West spoke very intelligently. These fake news medias trying to make West out as an unintelligent black man in the presence of white people making a fool out himself are fake media pushing racism and fake news! West is highly intelligent with an outstanding IQ and these fake medias wish they had an ounce of INTELLIGENCE! I cant wait for the day these fake medias get off air and never be able,to work in journalism again! They are a disgrace and they are the embarrassment to the USA not West!
The liberal fools are going a little crazier than normal and the only thing embarrassing is the idiots not comprehending the political trouble they're generating for themselves. The whole liberal agenda is embarrassing and hopefully will implode very soon.When the insane realize the smart people working and paying the taxes are not going to support them anymore  we'll have to build alot of asylums for the crackpots.
Don Lemonade needs to go get metal health they have always been really good friends everyone nos they have been really good friends for years n has always had respect for each other Racist my ass so now a black guy is racist against black people according to Don Lemonade who is just jealous  of KW because according to Don Lemonade KW has a Menstrual cycle after all Don Lemonade thinks hes a women n wants to be the first man to have a Menstrual cycle which is biologically impossible but of course Don Lemonade wishes he could have a  menstrual cycle  maybe Don Lemonade has pseudo PMS thats why he is always in a bad mood  n looks miserable with his Afro spray that he uses maybe hes spraying to much on that its affecting his thinking process its squeezing his brain 
Is don lemon a homosexual and if he is, maybe he is jealous.
CNN and Don Lemmon are a Idiots so is Juan Williams!
Dam DEMONCRATS
Despicable propagandist character assassination dirty tactics smear campaign especially when MSM is obviously complicit with leftist libturds and socialists!!  For those not aware, please check out Pelosis wrap-up smear speech she admitted on C-Span, which this clip needs to go viral up to the midterms!  KAG!
Kanye is going to be the guy responsible for swaying the black vote. The democrats are FINISHED!
Don Lemon is literally  the biggest racist promoter on T.V....!!!
Lemon, you are a racist pig.
Kanye needs medical help. Period. This is not a joke.
DON LEMON IS A RACIST ASS HOLE
Juan Williams is my hero.
The liberal media is always melting down over some silly thing. They are a joke. Especially Don Lemon.
So does that mean Fox I mean TV melted down too or wait they aren't a media outlet. I love the exaggeration Faux uses to describe normal reactions the majority of this country has to Trump stupidity. By now Trump has become such a train wreck he is must see TV. Trump is making History right now and he is going down as not only the worst President. his business is going  go upside down, his son and Jared are not safe from Trump's stain either. I'm so glad Trump won because say Pence was the President there would far less unforced errors, he wouldn't have pissed off even more women and he would have still gotten done all the evil but it was be more stealth. I wish Trump wasn't going to be impeached becz by 2020 it would be another Republican nightmare.
Don lemon is a soy boy loser, he can't take the truth. SMH....
Dont apologize for your comment Greg  about Juan you told the truth remember Democrats cant handle the truth they Start whining and wanna hit somebody when They cant defend the truth Juan would fit right in at CNN
hope Yeezy knocks Don Lemons sketchy lying ass real quick.... never talk about another mans mama unless u ready to knuck up udig
Bullshit,  Kanye was real.
disguising. if any of them paid attention to what he had to say, their fat mouths would shut up. their fear of losing a significant portion of the black vote is very real, and shows this.
lmao that guy is not a pastor
DON LEMON IS A RACIST  ASS HOLE
Oy vey that was like another shoah
But Juan has no problem refering to Kanye as the "token"...
Juan just had to throw himself into the discussion at the end and play the victim.
Wow RACIST against their OWN KIND!!
Don Lemon needs to be shot.
Oh man I'm just reacting every time I hear out of this guy listen to was about black people it was about putting people to work I've been working since I was 15 and 51 years old I'm still working I've lost everything and I got to do it all over again
You know whos embarrassing this country? CNN
This Kayne West Campaign is a Complete ReRun of Exactly what Happened to Trump and His Winning Outcome !
Don Lemon is a pole smoker.....
Don

You need to be on CNN or any other liberal trash talk show. Your a disgrace to Fox.

BTW.... Are you worth as much as Kenya?...... I didn't think so.

When you go along with the liberal media you show your ignorance.
Poor Juan
majority msm are sore losers. there narrative has corroded into dust and nothing but pure hate,revenge flows through there veins.
PREACH IT, GREG!!!!! Juan is a COMPLETE IDIOT AND SHOULD WORK FOR CNN, not Fox!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
We love Kanye for having a set
How does Don Lemon still have a job?
Freedom of speech the man loves his president and country what the hell is wrong with that !!!
FAKE FOX NEWS
Don Lemon reminds me of Samuel L. Jackson's character from Django Unchained .
Your an embarrassment Don your just jealous
Omg! They called it a "summit" again! This is so awesome. Thanks fox.  
Eat a D Juan,
O say can you see by the dawn's early light,   NO , TRUMP VOTERS ARE TOO STUPID TO SEE
You know what I can't think of one white person that Obama would have sat with and would be able to go around the desk and hug I can't think of one person that would want to go around the desk and hug, let alone a white person
).( this is all lemon cares about
Dyson and the word salad analysis of someone who is a free thinking person. This is why we must continue to vote RED. Hispanics, Blacks, Asians, women, how about AMERICANS for TRUMP!!!
Notice they're all too terrified to insult Jim Brown.
What about these two idiots Don Lemon invited, who called Kanye a n.... token used by Republicans, this was especially disgusting. This was extremely racist and proved, that Democrap party is the party of racism, KKK, segregation, and slavery and never had changed as they claim.
Don Lemon Lies.
IT WAS THE HUGGING PART
Don lemon is menstrual
DON,   It's a MENSTRUAL show everytime you are on, LITTLE GAL,  EVERYTIME!! You need to back away from the camera... REALLY !!!  Stop getting your little panties in such a bunch every show.. That must take you a good hour to get those panties un-bunched !!! LEMON HEAD,
Juan is just as bad as lemon head
Juan actually Kayne said a lot and made a lot of sense. Im not American but CNN is a disgrace. Trump is a nice guy. Did everyone notice how he held onto Kayne's hand as Kayne went to sit down? He knows how to treat people. What is CNN saying? if you have had mental health issues you are not entitled to an opinion? CNN is the lowest.
Stop acknowledging CNN we watch you will watch them so we don't want to watch them on your station otherwise you'll lose us as viewers we don't care what they say anymore
JUAN....WTF!
Don  ~~   You  denied   Your  Mother  Land  &  Mother Language   &   Your  national  Identity    Who  you  re ??    Truth   is  Your president   trump   You must be Honor  ~~  same like  Honor  You  re parents
Every thing that comes out of lemons mouth is  and DICKS....
I pity Don lemon. No one deserves to be that demented.
If life gives you Lemons. Make lemonade.
all these people need to hang for treason !!! There is no way anybody would get me to say that bull s#!t on TV ! How can they ? TRADER'S!!!!
How many times will this clip be replayed? We get it! Kanye loves Trump. He's got some ideas..okay.
Man stop trying to figure out these people and forget them I'm a 51 year old and lost my home everything I work for I'm living down here with people from other countries they won't give me the time of day thanks to Obama and these immigration policies
Don lemon and others need to be held accountable for their racist remarks
The 1st thing Jaun blurted out in defense of the TOKEN comment was HIS BULLSHIT PEDIGREE -That by the way is someting KANYE DIDNT DO - HIs "ONLY 8% BLACK APPROVAL RATING" is as old and tired as his victim - race card politics!
Lemon is a idiot at CNN news. He's a racist wow he's looking at color I just heard him say it
Arrogant elitists like Don Lemon (he's also a prima donna SOB) believe all black people should think alike!
Lol. People are mad for no reasons.
Waist of time listening  2Juan Williams.
Don Lemons my b** him and Al Gore rain bomb
The mob is melting.
Their mad about him using harsh words, but crickets when Obama was showing off his boner on air Force 1 or Clinton raping interns in the oval office.... If I were Kanye, that would be the last time lemon used my mother as a political jab.
Lemon  head! Your the racist! 
Juan your not a token ..."YOUR THE APITAMY OF AN LARGE ASSHOLE" thats what the FK U ARE....i cant stand you....what a complete TOOL you Are .....HEAD
Hi Gettem KANYE!!!!!!! TRUMP 2020
DON LEMONHEAD IS A TOKEN / TOOL CALLING OTHERS TOKENS !!!!!
The Democrats are melting.
Worst journalist of the year Don Lemon awarded worst journalist of the year thinks Kanye was embarrassing.
DONYE WEST!!!
Don Lemmon is a racist. Very obvious. Bet your mother would be ashamed.
Token
I don't know why Americans have to say either white people or black people. We're all just people. When we start seeing this we'll all start getting past racism.
Fox news should be the first to take this on.
DONT YOU JUST LOVE THE DEMOCRATS           IF YOU ARENT WITH US OR AGAINST US WE WILL RUIN YOUR LIFE OR FRAME YOU         JUST GIVE US BACK OUR POWER AND WE WILL LEAVE ALL OF YOU ALONE                    ITS CALLED EXTORTION !!!!!
9:37 how can you hate this man 
I've been fortunate enough to have lived in a lot of places, and anywhere I've been, you can say whatever you want about a man's mother.. Just be ready for the ass whippin that's coming.
Time for a NATIONAL EXORCISM... Toxic left terrorists are burning not just their own - but ALL AMERICANS. CNN should lose their broadcasting license. MAGA - NOT MAFIA MOBS....
You want to speak about profanity maybe I remember when the Obamas had those rappers that was talking about b**** and hoes and drugs that's a great American development there
Juan simply can't leave the plantation along with EVERYONE who denounced Kanye as a traitor to his race and allowing Trump to 'use him' as a token black man....how racist and disgusting is that?
I challenge Don lemon to a trial by combat. Like this so Fox will make it happen.
There are three major threats to the Western World right now.   Islam, socialist Latinos and bulging-eyed Western leftists.
Kanye West, like Kavanaugh, has simply become another proxy for Trump in this scenario. IT'S ALL ABOUT TRUMP!!!
Left wing hatred! The left want us all to hate one another
media cry babies
Don Lemon is the biggest piece of trash, he is such a dastardly person. Hes the biggest racist I have heard of on the media and fake news. I really cant say anymore about him, just a really bad person and liberal criminal.
The fake ass mainstream media news has been melting ever since Trump won/We won. lol
Don Lemmon is a racist. Anyone can see that. Low class. Bet his mother would be ashamed. Here he is criticizing someone else. What a joke.
Don lemon is in love with Kanye on the down low don lemon feeling got involved and he was hurt so he dissed Kanye don lemon is a true fag
Handler and O'Donnel are has-been LOSERS, and the dems are terrified of losing their slaves. More black Americans need to wake up, and smell the coffee!
Kanye started a Love  wave! America loves Trump!!!
I Juander what the hell he is talking about?......Kanye makes a little more sense than Juan.
Dumb, dem juan is baking again trying to destroying all great things presidenr Tru,ps did for blacks and latinos. You juan is one among them. if you believ president Trump is not good, you should voluntarily pay tax at your Obama era tax bracket otherwise  shame on you, didtry juan!
Why is everyone obsessed with race?  its just annoying.
Don Lemon is ready to mentally snap, along with MSM!   I'M LOVING IT!!!
It's quite simple why the leftist media is melting over this. 

The democratic party needs the black vote, or it cannot win.

Kanye is a very popular celebrity who happens to be black.

Kanye is encouraging people to walk away from the Democratic Party. 

This is a big deal, so they must smear him and make him look stupid..if they lose the black vote they lose the elections.
To bad Juan he likes Trump.
Did he forgot to take his medication before going to the White House ?  cursing in front of Television while kids are watching
DON LEMONHEAD BROUGHT UP KANYE'S MOTHER           WE SEE HOW SHAMEFUL AND EVIL YOU ARE CNN
Because Don Lemon is the standard of Blackness?
Liberals hate it when the Blacks leave their plantations.
G lemon ahead you sound like a racist pig
Kenye is a pretty cool guy, an influential man.  I loved Kenye's words. With those words, he became a hero to every kid.  Lemon is a disgusting ...........oh we can't use that word anymore.... Too bad. His .... is rotting in the sewer.  The MOB is infantile in its behavior.  Juan is a creepy token...... too bad the token talks with so much negativity.
He made a good point, about the Democrats promoting fatherless homes in favor of free cheese and Section 8. Leave the plantation they dont care about us.
So this is the "tolerant" Left?
Who speaks about someones mother!!!! Thats low. Great job Kanye. Think for yourself. CNN is mad they cant use you!
HOLLYWOOD IS HELPING CNN ..
Don Lemon is a disgrace
If blacks supporting Trump iare very wrong, there is something really wrong with the medias and the people.
hes only a hero bc the dems dont like him and hes doing what the dems dont want... hes playing their game and showing us how to do it.
It's getting heated, Juan seems to be getting very personal and angry of late, Gregs opinion is right you can use the token argument on any situation, but Juan as usual thinks he knows what people are thinking no matter what they say . Why does he think Don Lemon can rant on  that someone's skin colour should dictate how they should think and who they should interact with ,Lemon embarrass himself every night . Lemon is the only ,gay black millionaire with a white boyfriend, that has his own television program (only seen in airports) that is oppressed ,not a bad way to be oppressed the hypocrite.
WE NEED TO STAND UP FOR KANYE,,,,SHUT CNN DOWN...PERIOD...
juan is a turd sandwich period
THE SOCIALIST DEMOCRATS ARE SAD, BAD, EVIL, TWISTED FRUITS....
HE DIDNT LOOK LIKE A FOOL             HE LOOKED EXCITED      LIKE SOMEONE WHO HAD JUST WOKE UP !!!!
I can't imagine if Obama brings someone like Keayne West at the Oval Office in the middle of that biggest hurricane in Floridas history how will Fox News react?
Haha Lemon is such an ass
Horrible that Don was talking about Kanye's Mom!  Lemon you need help!
Let's be fair, yesterday was a super slow news cycle
He needs a father figure... This man has the NERVE to say THAT about Kanye when its the Democratic Partys fault that the single parenthood rate in the black community jumped?! Furthermore, Kanye is a grown man making tons of money, and yet he wants to talk down on Kanye like that just because he has a different opinion, because hes not afraid to say what hes actually thinking?! And he continued to even speak about the mans deceased mother. This is so disgusting...I cannot wait till Im old enough to vote conservative. 3 more years people...3 more years. I was raised Democrat for most of my life until Trump came into office and I started questioning everything logically for once, I did my own research. To no surprise, I completely abandoned the Democrat way of thinking and behavior. I hate being lied to.
Jaun Williams is a racist!  I want him off of Fox News NOW!!!!!
Don lemon is a apple pie sissy
That's why I don't watch these actresses and actors they actually believe they're intelligent we're a bunch of racist idiots they should be honored to be able to talk to the president of the United States of America
6:37 - 7:00 AMEN!!! MSNBC, CNN may have a strong liberal  biased and at times  hypocritical  but FOX News isnt any different.
what you witnessed is called "hobbling", when a slave kept escaping the plantation, they would break both his ankles (as shown in the film Misery) the democrat media is trying to hobble any minority that doesnt toe the lefts line.
This is really sad... I feel sorry for Kanye... my heart goes out for him.  He really looked like a fool...
 JERICHO GREEN IS A GOOD CHANNEL ON YOUTUBE! 
lemon is a shining example of why blacks are considered by most as very low intellect.
Why is nobody talking about how Kayne said he was MISDIAGNOSED as bipolar?!! It happens. That's why Psychology is called a soft science. Also, why aren't they talking about the intelligent, logical things Kayne said? I'm not a fan of Kayne (or the Kardashians) but, I totally understood everything he said, even his ideas about the infinite Universe. 

"The soul of the soul of the Universe is Love." -Rumi  

Light, Love & Liberty 
The establishment token Negros that were ordered to go get their runaway slave are angry that the city of Chicago's Black American CITIZENS just had a huge protest to get Emanuel out of their city government and asked President Trump for help I suppose? Of course they are. Typical.  Who did KKK Grand Wizard, Robert Byrd's eulogy at his funeral? That would be Obama, Bush, and Clinton. Who endorsed Jesse Jackson for President, gave Jesse Jackson's Rainbow Push Coalition a free suite in Trump Tower, and was awarded The Ellis Island Award alongside Rosa Parks for his contributions to Black Americans, and gave Jennifer Hudson a free suite in Trump Tower when her family was murdered? Yes, Donald Trump. Easy to see who the real racists are and who is controlled by those racists. Just ask Paris Denard who was fired for standing up to the white racist CIA, globalist mouthpiece, Phil Mud. People are waking up to the policies of the democrat party and seeing who they have hurt and who they have helped. I'm one of those people.
They can get all of these negro talking heads, but sorry look at the hood and figure why the hell should we vote DEmocrat?  They will always ridicule the free thinkers- Once the negro leaves all the Democrats will have will be gay and transgender.
Kanye "token negro" West  made more sense to me than CNN reporter.
Jesus, Jim Brown was there.  Don Lemon why don't you criticize Jim Brown.
Fucken Lemon  head
Don lemon You are Against America imagine if you get hit by a drunk driver and he drags your body 500 feet and you 
Don Lemon is a moron
Hey Don lemon being gay is a mental health issue it's not normal for a man to sleep with a man fg boy
They are very worried it's hilarious red wave coming and they can't do anything about it fake news puppets 
TICK TOCK
Liberals are LOST IN SPACE>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> Juan is also LOST IN SPACE
Juan is pathetic and I cant wait to see his face after the elections next month 
THIS IS MENTAL .. Trump LOVES bragging about employment numbers! .. if ANYTHING Trump wants ALL African American happy and working, leading amazing lives!
IT WAS THE HUGGING PART              THAT DROVE DEMOCRATS FINALLY OVER THE EDGE
Lemon is a scum bag shill for the DNC...who cares what he thinks or says! FAKE NEWS LEMON
Only embarrassment is CNN .all these news agencies are racist baiting jackasses
I have never seen Don Lemon so scared in my life
Latino forDonald J Trump 2020
Don Lemon is a complete moron.
Sounds like Don Lemon is a little racist
The media must have forgotten the democrats where for slavery and are for planned parenthoods in the black community. The media sucks.
The REAL coons are the ones that try to tell us which party to affiliate with as though we are still slaves. I am a woman of color and a REPUBLICAN since 2005. The Democrats just arent working out for us, time to go...
Juan the Melt-Down Moron who refused to make any sense except a bunch of word salad crapola. p.u.
I could go the rest of my life and never hear another word out of Juan Williams again.
Don lemon , you stop being a drama queen!!
Don Lemon and his guest called him an uneducated Negro and laughed .....That to me is the LIMIT!!!! 
RISE UP CITIZENS DONT LET THIS MAN BE RACE SHAMED ......" he's what happens when Negros can't read". That is what Lemons guest said and they all laughed ...,SHAME ON LEMON AND I DEMAND HIS JOB!!! HE SHOULD PAY APOLOGIZE AND IMHO FIND A NEW JOB.
Just sickening behavior from the left MSM.
Always the black victim card.They want us to be racist, so I'm gonna be what they claim.Full on White supremacist.Stay outa my way .
All the idiots talking about Kanye, none of them is even close to him in wealth or success.  Keep talking.  When idiots talk about you, it strengthens your credibility.
Day after day Don Lemon is the biggest embarrassment on TV.
YAY !!!        BLACK PEOPLE ARE WAKING UP   !!!
Juan intentionally misses the point, as usual
DON LEMON NEEDS TO APOLOGIZE! DISGRACEFUL
Is "Stop and frisk" unconstitutional? Yes. Do we as a whole party support it? No. Give us an alternative. S&F was implemented because of the increased gang violence and drug trafficking.  So give us an alternative counter measure to protect our law enforcement or do your part to help these group obtain respectable jobs so they dont have to run in gangs and sell drugs.
Christian Republican more power to Kanye West and President Trump whoever that other negro is he's perpetrating we can see it ain't nobody got time for that crush him like a cookie time to take out the trash ain't no fooling nobody
Do not give Don Lemon publicity!!!...He is trying to get his ratings up!
Juan and don two pissed off democrats that are FRIGHTENED AND RACIST AS HECK!
The Black guy is so from the left
Get rid of Juan.  -please. He stinks and hes dumb
Don Lemon such a sucka
Did Jaun just call himself a journalist? Lol.
Wait lmao did he say "shameful behaviour in the presence of a powerful white man" i feel like utd be insulting to explsin ecerything wrong with that statement
They don't learn from 2016, and Trump and Kanye are happy!!!
Greg Gutfeld is one of the rare sane person on the MSM for two years now.
DID YOU HEAR WHAT JUAN CALLED TRUMP           HE CALLED TRUMP A POWERFUL WHITE MAN           DID YOU HEAR THAT      YOU'RE DERANGED JUAN AND RACIST !!!!!
Who is making more black Republicans? Kanye or Lemon?
Kanye West wasn't scripted. He was speaking the truth. His message was understood and delivered? I am sure when Jay-Z and Beyonce went to the White House, they're won't fluent in policies and procedures!
Hippocrates!
Juan..lol.
Kanye West IzZzz the TRUTH!!!
Juan ,you are stupid and idiot
CNN should fire this ego maniac, ignorant fool lemon!  After this recent interview about Kanye, CNN's rating will keep falling!  What the hell are the executives at CNN waiting for...the station to go off the air?
Be honest ... Juan IS A PROP.  And a brilliant choice for the Republican cause.
Unicorn mug
Don Lemon is the best heel in the business right now.
Boo boo Juan... ha! loved how Greg flipped that on him.
Summit? You idiots are ridiculous
Sure seems like lemon is a psychiatrist now? These fools want to keep Kanye in the dark and its racist for them to criticize him.
Don Lemon is MSMs token homo
GOD BLESS EVERYONE......
Don Leno. Is a racist sob
Democ"rats" are just going deeper into the quicksand by struggling.
Dom is SUCH a MASSIVE .. DOM!
Kanye IS TRIPPIN
TRUMP SAVES LIVES EVERY DAY!!!
ITS A WAR FOLKS           EVERY SINGLE DAY YOU CAN SEE IT      AND ITS DRIVING THESE EVIL MONSTERS ON THE LEFT CRAZY     THEY DESERVE WHAT THEY ARE GOING TO GET FOR ALL THE BAD THINGS THEY HAVE DONE !!!!!!    FRAMING A SUPREME COURT JUDGE AND ALL THE LYING THEY HAVE DONE AND ALL THE INTIMIDATION AND HARASSMENT       GET READY FOR MORE INSANITY DEMOCRATS                 YOU GOT IT COMING DELUSIONAL PRICKS   !!!!!!!
Don lemon has a problem in his head
MORONS IN THE MEDIA
GOOD GRIEF.. RACISM MUCH DEMOCRATS ?
5848168726001
Don Lemon is a toddler. An uneducated , racist buffoon.
President Trump is having a good time watching the dams going completely out of their wits, thank God that Kenya West Is on Our side because Kenya West escaped slavery from the left side hes free ,free at last from the left side thank you father God amen Mr. lemon is a slave to the Democrats thats why he looks so miserable.
THE ONLY GOOD LIBERAL IS A DEAD LIBERAL , EVEN MALCOM X DESPISED LIBERALS AND CALLED THEM THE ENEMY OF BLACK AMERICANS
losers focus on winners, winners focus on winning
Calling Don to be fired.
Way to go Don women. Way to keep racism alive.
Well they are  not wrong about Kanye West making ass himself on live TV. Politics aside, Who can honestly say they watched the WHOLE interview without cringing?
Desperation in MSM and the Dems.
Don Lemon sounds so racist, has he forgotten he works for a white person, is speaking to a white person,He has white viewers? and how stupid he sounds to disrespect someone simply because hes the same race as him but thinks different. Wow, CNN has lost their minds. Ive even heard Others like Don on his show call Kanye a Token Negro and say Kayne is a perfect example of a Negro who can not read or write! WOW THE LEFT HAS LOST THEIR MINDS..  Racist and Stupid for thinking just cause their the same race its ok to be racist to each other. Dont they know West made his millions by writing and rapping lmao.... WE NEED TO STICK TOGETHER AND VOTE THESE LIBS OUT THIS COMING MID-TERM.  AND MOCK MY WORDS....... THEY WILL SAY RUSSIA HACKED THE ELECTION AGAIN!
I wish don lemon would stfu until news year and then have some shots and grab the mic
Lemon is a sour racist.....
why still to this day is this corrupt media still on the tell lie vision
Yeah funny.. Lemon Lips at CNN had to turn the tv off and hide under his bed hehe
Don Lemon is one of the most hateful human beings on the planet and  Juan is defending him.  It's time for Juan to go.  I'm sure he can find a home on CNN or MSNBC.
JUAN TAKE YO ASS OVER TO CNN
hey juan ton loser! Kanye talked more than just about his hat you fuckin asshole! he talked about prison reform, he talked about jobs, he talked about the violence in Chicago, Kanye said more in 15 minutes than you said all those years on fox your moronic fool! your still on fox because your black!
Lol, dim lemon is doing exactly what he claimed Kanye was doing. Performing for a mostly white audience, making a fool of himself.
Honestly, Im firing up Kanye for the first time right now. True.
Pig got hit by the stone
Kanye is an example of critical thinking!   Which means that he think for himself!  More people should do there homework and take a side base on self knowledge, not on popular opinions!   Even though Im pretty sure that what MSM is showing as popular, is actually indoctrination of the lazy and/or no time to actually look into the issue part of the population!!!   Very simple minded approach!  The good news is Q if you wanna know about Trump Train.     Wwg1wga
Kanye is a Trump guy because he is part of the 1% and a business man who benefits from trump's tax cuts.
williams is a butt nugget
Dan needs to be fired
Chris said why give this all the hype ?  ( as its their headline story)
There are no bigger hypocrites than the MSM  !
Lemon has never stopped being condescending, the left is sanctimoniously disgusting and ruthless.
I will never respect Don Lemon
Was that tillerson in the back?
I thought these liberal celebrities love diversity...? Seems to me its just a racist view of skin tone diversity that they love, but only if you think like them and most importantly, if you do what they say. 
OMG THE HOUSE N-WORD IS LEAVING THE PLANTATION! QUICK GET THE DOGS! BEFORE THE OTHER N-WORDS START GETTING IDEAS! ( OO)
Juan a reporter???? you are a ass, part of the problem in our country
And you American people you have a president who loves you, it is evident in all his works.
Kayne should do like this 1 comedian said he'd do if he hit the lottery. Buy a commercial spot at Superbowl halftime & its of him sitting with his billions  while behind him is a screen w/ rolling names of haters who will never get a dime of his $
CNN sucks
Don Lemon is not black. He's hate us, he's more racists than the kkk. Voting Republican just because of his mouth.
Don't own a television so  don't watch these idiots at CNN.  They should stick to accurate news reporting and stop rendering personal opinions as "Reporting".

Their ratings might catch up with those operating with a laptop on their kitchen table.
DJT is a genius. He has found his destiny. The greatest president ever.
The wicked evil of the racists of MSM will go down in History.
Please FIRE Juan
And oh, can someone please ask Juan Williams how it feels to wear the mantle of Bob Beckel? Looks like a perfect fit, but just curious, thx!
Anyone else getting steamed from all this? 
Don Lemon race baiter traitor
"JUDGE NOT AND YE SHALL NOT BE JUDGED" , THESE PEOPLE ARE WALKING A DANGEROUS PATH ,AND IT WILL ONLY END BAD ...WHY CAN'T WE IGNORE ALL THE REALITY SHOW TYPE SMEARS AND HATE SPEECH ?? IT IS BECOMING THE NORM ?? DOES ANYONE REMEMBER WHAT AMERICA USED TO BE ??
                          WE ARE NO BETTER THAN A THIRD WORLD COUNTRY RIGHT NOW ,I DON'T SEE WHY ANYONE WOULD WANT TO COME HERE ?? THEY WOULD JUST BE URGED TO CHOOSE SIDES ,AND NOT LIVE THE "AMERICAN DREAM" ?? WE OFFER THE "AMERICAN NIGHTMARE" !!!!
DON LEMON LET OTHER MEN STICK PENISES IN HIS ANUS,  BUT HE SAYS KANYE NEEDS A FATHER FIGURE
Don lemon are sick person not just mental but his physical appearance,Trump doesn't use anybody lemon, Trump is genius,  you are stupid lemon
What have Democrats ever done for black people.
Seriously who cares?
Don Lemonhead needs a reality check
Don, back away from the cameras and go get some pu**y! 
Kanye's all about love, while they're blinded by hate. Their negative perception can't allow them to see the good in this.
I'm done with CNN. This guy is disgusting.  He needs to resign.
Funny how most people hate Don Lemon now, even many leftists...
Oh the irony.  Dom Lemon calling Kayne's meeting with Trump a minstrel show.
Kanye discuss great points regarding what's going on in our prisons, Chicago, technology, jobs and manufacturing.
They have been hit where it hurts bad ! Viva Kanye !
When a witch abandons his coven, the rest of the witches get pissed. LOL. 
Don lemon saying kanye was used and his mom COMMENT wow lemon is a scary racist
Negro bashing negro. 
White people laughing
Juan William and Don lemon full libtrad negro.
Juan ... get us some coffee ...
Found Kenye's excitement infectious...  Hope it spreads from sea to shining sea...   Granny
MSM strongly taking the bait as they would. Trump wanted the spotlight somewhere else then Antifa..
First thing that springs to my mind is - these liberal media people don't like a black man to have his own views or the ability or freedom to express them. They want all blacks to be trapped within the limits of their agenda. In a way they are re-enslaving blacks into a box. Be careful if you're black - they don't want you to be free.
Don Lemon is a token black man for the leftists. Don needs his mother to slap his face.
WoW! The irony. Here you have a gay black man telling a straight black man that he needs a father figure in his life. I wonder Why? Maybe so that Don Lemon can start dating him, perhaps? Here comes the "pun". "Now isn't that the pot calling the kettle black?"
Buffoonery!!!
WOLF BLITZER TO DON LEMONHEAD      WHAT DO YOU MAKE OF THIS DON ?     WELL WOLF IT LOOKS LIKE KANYE GOT AWAY FROM US     WE WERE CHASING HIM THROUGH THE SWAMP AND HE MUST HAVE HAD A STEALTH SHIELD OR CLOAKING DEVICE AND SOMEHOW HE GAVE US THE SLIP AND MADE IT TO THE WHITE HOUSE------------
It's the dumbest man on tv dumb don lemon
Juan Williams needs to go work with Don Lemonhead at CNN
TI Is A Confirmed Snitch
THIS NEWS PERSON ,LEMMON,  NEEDS FIRED...HOW DARE HE USE THE RACE CARD...
Eric Dyson has a lot of nerves to call Kanye West blather mouth. All he does is use big words to give a confusing statement
 Lol
Kanye sounds sane enough to me....'make America great again' is what motivates him, simple.  The negative reaction and comments have been beyond disgraceful
That guy Juan is an embarrassment every time I watch this show. But what Greg said was excellent.
Juan Williams needs to relax and chill. "Free Thinking"
CNN is A disgrace!! Can you imagine if Fox News Called Jay-z a dumb Negro!?
If HE don't look good WE don't look good that's the wisest words of this decade ....LEMON YOU ARE AN IDIOT
Lemon is lemon news fake and hateful
I didn't know  blacks hate blacks, that is so sad and then the white lefty lunatics follow the blacks that are democrats?
Kanye West is successful and is a hero for going against the anti-American globalist lamestream media!
Lemon, coumo, Acosta, etc all of them at cnn arent subjective journalists. Nothing but liberal bias trash period. They owe Kanye a apology for smearing him crazy and uneducated
Trump is giving the left a taste of their own identity politics medicine and they are losing their minds!
Nice editing Fox. The White House Exploited this mentally ILL person. Shame on all of you. White house especially. SHAME!...
Dyson is even worse!! 
F (I) X  N E W S.
haha....Juan triggered
MORE LIBERAL INSANITY I CANT GET ENOUGH OF THIS SHOW !!!!!      MORE POPCORN !!!!!
Could it be anymore evident that Don Lemon is NOT a Journalist.
Don Lemon=dushbag.    Plain and simple!!!!.  
There are two roads, one goes up the other goes down in the pit.
This young man is rising because God is with him, it is seen in his works.
The name say it all, Lemon! They just envy about Kanye success.
I'm glad they had that Trump break. Jesse and Juan were getting serious. However you vote, we're in a pretty torn up time in this country. I hope it gets better.
ITS GREAT        IT REALLY IS        AND IT IS JUST LITERALLY DRIVING THE LEFT BANANAS---------------
Y'all need to shut ur mouth, because he's not speaking their language.
Silly libs, it's a good thing!




...when p***ygrabbers and motherf***ers stand united!  
Honestly I may be alone but I thought Kanye said beautiful words. It was genuine and from the heart. Unfiltered, unscripted. He admits something is going on his head and the first thing CNN does is call him crazy and laugh at him. It made me sick. CNN is literally evil, people are realizing this. Look at their ratings.. it is shocking. They are scared and trying every playbook.
Completely eradicate all of these vermin demorats... leftists... all the demonrat criminals... and all the fake news channels.... problem solved!!!
Can you keep that IDIOT off of Fox? Talk about a "token Negro!"
Kanye is da man, raw, the truth hurts, he spoke the truth, racism is used to control the blacks in the Democratic Party.
DON LEMON = NOT NORMAL
The Corrupt News Network Don Lemon is a joke and  a racist....... And Foxes own Juan  The house slave to the Democratic Party  Williams needs to take his chains off and see how really  corrupt his masters are !!!!!
Don Lemon likes the plantation life.
democrats be acting like they still own black people.
DEAR DON LEMON            YOU'RE LOSING
Brilliance recognizes brilliance.  Academics recognize academics.  Game recognizes game.  Kanye and Trump both have brilliance which academic types are always LATE to the game in this area of brilliance.  And they only respect brilliance when they are forced to buy or use their products.  They think outside the box which academics rarely do in the way idea geniuses do.  Trump and West have proven they know what the hell they are doing-in the end.  Know that.
Kanye is a great role model
Race should never even be mentioned. It's only mentioned because they are on purpose trying to make people think that way when that has nothing to do with it. after all this is over and all these deep state rats are taken down we will be able to move on from this race division they are sowing.
SUFFER WELL DON                O_O  SUFFER WITH CONFUSION AND CLUELESSNESS
The left is just mad because they are losing more and more everyday. And they ain't going back. MAGA forever
Don Lemon is the worst journalist in all of human history and Mr. Williams is possibly the dumbest person on this panel. I hope he is just playing devils advocate, because if hes not playing the devils Opinion, then he is the dumbest person FOX News has ever hired. If he is not playing devils advocate, Fire his dumbass. We need logical opinions, to base our decisions on. We do not need the dumbest of dumb and dumber laying out the two evils to chose between. AMERICA IS SICK OF CHOOSING BETWEEN TWO EVIL!  Either you are good or you are a JACKASS.
I thought it was hilarious   great episode
Trump needs to legalize pot like yesterday
Lol. They all claim to "love" Kanye...then rip him apart with their mouths. I just hope they never claim to "love" me
Lemon is jealous
are we that surprised people like don lemon would use a low blow?
The Kayne West story this week reflects the odious tendency of the left (which, of course, includes the media) to castigate any member of some demographic group that "steps out of line" from the leftist narrative.  Free expression is something that is never encouraged on the left. Far from it. But what the story also demonstrates is that the Democratic Party DEPENDS on certain demographic groups to vote their way and that is why they circle the wagons when a prominent figure like Kayne voices a contrary opinion.  For example,  the following demographic groups tend to vote Democratic: 84% of Blacks, 71% of Jews, 65% of Asians, and 63% of Hispanics.  Those demographic groups can clearly make a difference between a win and a loss in certain regions. And the Democratic Party needs to hold on to those percentages, which have come under threat to them in recent years. But the very idea that any individual of any group has to think and express a particular point of view, namely the Democratic Party narrative, is odious to any person who holds that free speech is an important individual right.
shut Juan down !!!! get him off the show now!!!! as soon as he opens his mouth I have to turn you guys off!!!
Kanye's mother is probably cheering for her son that finally seen the difference between right and wrong. And another thing by now kanye's mother has had a word with God and God is on President Trump side.
Don Lemon is the kind of black man who would tell the plantation owner whenever a slave tried to escape.
Can the man not have his own opinion???
Black and white people can no longer interact without the left fabricating racial connotations.
I challenge anyone to find Juan EVER saying ANYTHING positive about Trump.  Ever.  I didn't like Obama but it would be easy for me to say something positive about Obama.  Super sick of the lefts TDS.
Hey Republicans, take a look down in Florida. Hows it going down there right now? And why is the present meeting with him mentally ill rap star who is kissing his butt? Is that the best use of his time when a huge part of Florida is without electricity, power, water or homeless?

But you dont actually care about America or Americans. You only care about the spectacle
 around your dear leader.
Wet paper bag donnie Lemon is a sucker  hook line and sinker.
 Trump sucks him in just about every day when it comes to donnie wet paper bag boy to saying something stupid in his peanut gallery.
Snowflakes melting...... say it isnt so.....hahahahahahaha
And Juan is onhand to demonstrate the meltdown in person. Just shows the power of the propaganda machine
love how the insane people in the mental asylum also called CNN try to project thier failing mental health on someone els.
It wasn't about black people but they calling a black person a negro and a token black man sure Juan you fukin moron get the hell off Fox news you're a disrespectful human being.
DON LEMON IS A FULL BLOODED COWARD AND RACIST
Don the lemming, has done more to hold black people down than anyone in my lifetime..
SUMMIT? that's just making it worse.. it was lunch
Don Lemon has a "crush" on Kanye...you can see in his eyes, almost crying!
Juan exposes his TDS more and more. Jesse.... PLEASE do us all a favor and backhand Juan every time he says something disrespectful and dumb.
Donna The Lemon is a waste of seaman ! The best part of it ran down someones leg.  Donna Lemon is a disgrace to the black community. A sell out racist globalist .
The CIA propaganda media sock-puppets are going ballistic over a President Trump meeting with Kanye West oval office  discussion.  Notice how they didn't attack Jim Brown at the same meeting.
Im 99 percent sure that don lemon is a pos pedophile boy lovers like many CNN and msnbc men.this is liberalism the weak
Even if he does have a white boyfriend!
I love how every liberal now is a licensed psychiatrist saying Kayne has mental issues. Don lemon is the biggest Uncle Tom out there. He's the whitest black person on earth. Taking his orders from his masters
Democrats are done...
HA HA HA HA I m looking while they are going down in flames.
The Black guy ..lol..hater...
Lemon's Aids and Tapper's Yapper love Cooper's Pooper
These mainstream media that attack Kanye are just like ANTIFA.
Listen up, Black People! Dont you DARE step off this plantation! Even for a second. Do you understand? You dance how they tell you dance and you sing the songs they tell you to sing, goddammit!

My god I cant even comprehend the lack of self-awareness mainstream liberals display. The slave owners just getting more and more pissed that these Northern Free Black people be exercising their freedom, by god! Outrageous!
lemon ,your an ass
This is disgusting, I dont know how people could watch CNN.
Don Lemon should be fired
These SCUMBAGS cannot accept REALITY!
Oh look!  Trump's got another brain damaged son now!
Talking about Don Lemon bending over for the plantation owners CNN and taking it with a smile and then saying thank you master.
I hope I run into Don some where,  I will knock the dumb out of that rat bastard
Don Lemon has been mouth shitting on Donald Trump since day one. He is so biased and slanderous pretending to be holier than thou. He must live in the graveyard to be able to see people turning there. All these bad mouthers and sarcastic idiots have no values and direction. Anything or anyone attracted to Trump must be bad, wrong and crazy. He needs help says the hypocritical smooth talking Lemon? No i think this jackass needs help or a strong 3M Tape over his big mouth
Deport This Waterlemon!
Very good questions about Turkey.  Keep it up!     by the way,  WHO Were they?  New on the 'block'?   =]
This WH is a circus
Democrats are the people who were, almost unanimously, against freeing slaves.
They were also 100% against equal rights for blacks.
Republicans voted 100% in favor, both times.
And yet 97% of blacks vote Democrat.
Go figure.
It would seem to me that Kanye West is one of the few who is using common sense.
Go Kayne! Speaks the truth. Look at the left go crazy and brings his Mom into this. Shameful.
Economy is in a "free fall"  I heard that.  Don't worry no one is paying attention anyway.
This was an exchange that was not planned...it was an exchange of ideas, values & strategy.  CNN's LEMON with his Masonic Preaching of MSM agenda is DISGUSTING & DISTURBING.  BOYCOTT CNN, MSNBC......WATCH THE ENTIRE VIDEO OF HIS EXCHANGE WITH PRESIDENT TRUMP (rather than the sliced and diced version).....KANYE WEST IS A BRILLIANT MAN THAT WILL NOT BE STOPPED.
quite calling them the media!!! they are trash and America knows it. Don lemon is a loser rat bastard
Juan is an annoying Crackpot. Somebody get him out of here!
I hope a 'mob' follows Don Lemonhead around and chases him from restaurants, gas stations, anywhere they find him.
Give them ALL a taste of their own medicine.
Fear leads to anger
Anger leads to hate...and hate
Leads to suffering
Maybe Greg just woke Juan up. Juan tried to say its not about race, however in the same breath called D. T. A powerful white man. Dumbass.
Don looks like he's ageing fast!  Maybe it's the stress of always losing.
Kanye spoke about very important topics like:

1. Prison reform 
2. Job creation 
3. Lack of fathers in the black community due to the welfare state
4. Lack of employment in the inner cities leading to a life of crime for a lot of people
5. The dangers of stop and frisk based on his conversation with leaders in Chicago and President was open to listening to other ideas even if he likes the idea of stop and frisk
6. Love and Support for the President because he represents we the people
7. Why the left's weaponization of the word racism doesn't have an effect on him. He lives for today not the past
8. Learning Centers he wants to set up in Chicago so that young black kids can learn in a creative ways using modern technology instead of the current monotonous system of education that doesn't equip them with skills for the real world
9. How Trump inspired him to do great things in the world of business especially with Adidas, leading him to become a billionaire 
10. Black people don't have to be democrats. 


Now, tell me how many times you have heard people talk about any of these important points in all the media coverage of Kanye's trip to the white house? 

All the attacks were personal, not substantive. The most vicious attacks came from the left. It is clear that they are not interested in solutions, they are only interested in destroying people who think about solutions and want to implement them because it will cost them their strangle hold on the black vote and ultimately their power. 

Kanye went to represent the forgotten people of Chicago and he was heard by president Trump. I believe good things will come from that meeting as long as he stays focused and keeps pushing for the projects he is working on. 

I refused to be fooled by the media, I have a brain and I will use it. 
Kanye's trip to the White house was very inspiring for me and I never really liked him, but I appreciate what he is doing!
Love how Kanye gets under their skin
Don Coonin and buffoonin
I WATCHED THEM LAUGH WITH EVIL INSANITY AS THE TALKED ABOUT KANYE  CALLING HIM A NEGRO THAT DOESNT KNOW HOW TO READ                AND THEY CALL US RACIST AND NAZIS      WHO ARE THEY KIDDING
Maybe Kayne mother like the 75% of all other black children being born should have had a father for her child in his life...
Not like a democrat to raise the race card.  I'm a bit surprised tbh... said no-one EVER!
Just can't watch Juan.  What a dumb ass.  Can't see the truth if you stab him in the eye with it.
Don Lemon showed what a POS he really is. Hey don, did you not notice the other famous black people there too? I wish your BF would plug that hole in your face.
The actress Jennifer Lawrence publicly made the mind-numbingly stupid assertion that an approaching hurricane was caused by "Mother Nature's rage and wrath" over the election of Donald Trump.  Despite the ABJECT stupidity and isanity of that comment, the media said nothing.  Yet Kanye says he loves Donald Trump and the media collectively lose their freakin' minds, and say he's dangerously uninformed.  Bias much?  CNN IS FAKE NEWS.   Red WAVE 2018!    MAGA 2020!
If Democrat Politicians are for black people then they would use every opportunity to help the black community. The fact that they neglect the opportunity and instead attack a black man trying to speak up and initiate some progress for the black community proves that the Democraps only care about political power.
Hurensohn sender
I never have any idea what Mr. Williams is talking about.
OH I did not notice they where white,,,,,,
and I am WHITE

LOL
and that is KANYES point 
this friend  of the MOM is telling you how his MOM would  feel/think-KANYE thinks for himself and that is what he is asking all to do.....
It was so beautiful to see this young man embracing President with love like his faith in Jesus Christ in action.
NUT JOBS IS THE NEW TERM NOW
Kanye just made 46 million new fan's Juan. How many do you have?
i hate juan.
@Fox news. Why the hell do you even have this Liberal African American liar on your show? Now I wont even watch Fox news unless you get these Democrat ass wholes of your show. He is a parrot.
Don Lemonhead is one big bellend
Trump makes it seem so easy to get people out. its almost like our government previously hasn't been trying to get back out citizens.....
Lemonheads a nutjob CNN sucks O I guess lemon head does to
It's not about the hat, though it does upset the left.

Our President is making America great FOR ALL AMERICANS.



The left is in panic mode.
If Trump continues to succeed, the left will have no new brainwashing tactics that might work.

And the left can no longer claim there is racism above 3% in the population. People are allowed to not get along, or disagree, without the cause being racism. This brainwashing must end.

When it comes to success, America is colorblind.

Dear leftists:
Your days are numbered!
Bye-bye!
Don Lemon: another liberally-biased CNN mental midget that thinks guys like West "shouldn't" think conservatively--or dare I say---for himself. The Dems cannot stand the FACT that they are losing African-American votes when artists like this stand up for Republicans/conservatives and the values of said population. Remember, blacks are THEIR (the dems') voting property. How dare we forget that! Gasp!
So what if he loses the respect of the Liberal Democrats?  He's gaining the respect of those who voted Trump into office.  Judging from the numbers of those fleeing the Democratic Plantation in droves, he'll be gaining even more.
If I have to listen to Juan one more time... does he even hear himself... I can't listen to this guy at all.  Can't watch with him anymore.  Useless.  He apparently just wants to go to CNN or MSNBC.. let  him go, please...
CNN are the racists
Lemon is a racist and an envy type.
Great Job trying to Sike those Numb brains!   Their loss, Our loss as well ~  The More the Merrier makes America Greater - Bigly!
Yeah like TI can talk. The things he did to get a record deal would shock all of you.
This network just doesn't get it! People aren't dumb enough to fall for propaganda
The libtards are pissed off, that makes me happy. When that happens I know President Trump is doing something right.
That's it...I've had it with the bafoon on Fox the 5 news. ..thumbs down
The number of black people  wearing red hats like this is growing every day. Especially the intelligent 
blacks which excludes Juan and Lemonade.
Another thing why doesn't anybody ever have anything nice to say or look at it a different way their interpretation is negative like always it don't work for us. He'll fade away when we win. LMAO
DON LEMON IS A CNN HOUSE NEGRO JUST LIKE JUAN WILLIAMS ADDITIONALLY THEY ARE USELESS IDIOTS
Don Lemon- You need to back off of the cameras!
Juan is an asshole!!!
Don Lemon is a POS for bringing up Kanye's mother!! and very disappointed in Juan for supporting him in doing so!!!
Kanye West great I don't know what that black guys talking about he's a backstabber I guess
Gutfield roasted Don the Minstrel, lol
juan, you are always a racist idiot and your whole family thinks you suck!
Don Lemon you are an embarrassment to America you douchebag
Lemon  is crazy
BLUE WAVE IS COMING
Race baiting POS-Don Lemon!
Talk about unhinged. and a jerk; and drunk on air.  so entitled to judge people?   "deplorable".   So much of substance Don Lemon could choose to contribute.        cnn one trick pony- a balloon with no air.    so sad.
When Don Lemon goes for a prostate exam, he always asks for a second, third and fourth examination ... then a fifth. He wonders why God put his male "G" spot in his bum bum...
Did someone else come here to see how Fox defends this? :-p
the show was good but not when the race card is played because its the only thing you can say to put a person down
Rosie O'Donnell has no lips.
Juan is creeping towards don Lemmon land.
Lemonhead rides bicycles with no seat.
That rid of that Juan, please. He belongs at CNN.
DUMB LEMON hates White men now he HATES Black men..I guess that means he HATES himself too..DARN THE BAD LUCK !!
Kanye had no substance? He literally drew a blueprint on how to fix Chicago. Allow corporations to open factories with massive tax breaks in that area and force them to hire 75% of their employees from the local area to get the cut.
Black Magicians are opening graves.
Lemon is so racist.
kanye is mentally ill. but that is what trump wants, idiots in the white house.
DonnaDouche Lemon a True Disgrace!!!!
Anyone notice how the soyboy Don Lemon didn't trash Jim Brown!
Woah....... Don dun Fd up!
Never listen to a black dude with a s-curl slick back. Negro you know Don Lemon's mentioning of Kanye's mother was a personal low blow, bruh. What does she have to do with this? And how do you know what deceased persons would say at this juncture, boy? These have to be the two most sensitive black dudes on TV. 

Massuh done sicked da dawgs out on Kanye.....run Kanye, run!
Talk about drama, emotions, sensation and emotional strategy deployed by the far-left. Insults coming from the far-left diaper section. Children in adult bodies! You poor conservatives having to babysit so many spoiled brats. You must have the patience of a Saint!?
LEMON IS A RACIST BY HIS OWN WORDS BEING UPSET THAT KANYE WAS IN A ROOM WITH THE PRESIDENT AND MOSTLY WHITE PEOPLE AND EMBARRASSING BLACK AMERICANS.(((((((((((((((((((( HEY LEMON GO FK YOURSELF YOU RACIST PIG )))))))))))))))))))))))))))))).
i wonder how many people know who kanye voted for?
Don Lemon is an idiot.
CNN=FAKE NEWS
I love that guy too. TRUMP 2020!
Juan CNN is waiting for you..Don Lemon will hopefully be kicked out  the door any minute for letting racist comments happen during his segment..
THE CRUCIFIXION NEWS NETWORK sounds catchy
Juan is simply a hypocrite ass.
Don is dummmmmm
Kanya is a scico
Don Lemon is a disgrace and needs to be removed from all tv networks
"An assault on our White House",  really? What I saw was a billionaire friend of Pres Trump talking, voicing his concerns for other people and showing some love to our President. Jealous much!
Kanye thank you Solid Republican for Nov. And for 2020 .
Dems punish free thinkers always has.
Democrats cant keep this niggro in the plantation
Don Lemon got broke by Kanye. What a bitter sour man he has exposed himself as.
God bless America and Kanye West and Jim Brown!
THE FIVE SOCIOPATHS
Kanye went there with a message of love and hope
Democrats offer hate and destruction.....!!!!!!
Don lemonade just a RACIST DIRTY  NASTY DISGUSTING EVIL jealous gay guy witch probably,,, thats his problem he has sexual problems WHAT A SHAME
Respect for coming out but anyone who knows a few words can rap
This just proves without doubt the Propaganda Stream Media and Demoncrats are absolutely bat S#$T Crazy, Really Maxine? Your gonna tell Kanye he's speaking out of Turn? Are you kidding me? Out of Turn, if I were Kanye I'd tell Maxine Waters to her face that I don't need her permission to speak. Demoncrats are the greatest threat to free thought free speech and freedom period!
Lemon needs a brain.
What a racial bigot!
Don Lemon received the (un)coveted "Worst Journalist in the World" 1n 2014 by Columbia University. He is in what Diamond and Silk call the "Democrat plantation." Of course he's working for what may be the worst fake news network in the world, and they are all going down the toilet together. I love to see their rage.
I wonder when Don Is going to realise they are using him like a Dexter.
Roseanne gets canceled for stupid joke and this jerk Don lemon still spilling hate all around
some low character on the part of Don Lemon, invoking a mans dead mother like that. Par for the course for CNN
Don Lemmon you need help
News Flash people. Every media outlet that is mainstream. Is on the same side make no mistake about it. It is a literal Mind Control Machine both sides are components of the Machine.
that fat hippo Tara Satmayonaise needs to forget the contacts and fake wig, she is disgusting and nothing she does or say means anything, she is nothing but a useless piece of lard.
Stark difference in the intended end results of this admin and those rappers who visit/support him....vs  that last admin. AND WE ALLLLL KNOW IT!
Media and Hollywood so scared and angry..I love it 
Kayne can get through to the black community..loving it..
When they lose it they lost already... Byby democrats.............
Trump ain't doing s*** for the black community. Hell he wouldn't even rent his Apartments  to blacks. That BS is all for show! He could every program to help people of color. So now let me know what he's doing so good for people of color?
Hahahahahaha! Fox is a joke! I don't know how people watch this garbage.
Watters nailed it. Juan again triggered, sad I like Juan but he's way too leftist welded on, never hear Juan talking about African American unemployment numbers, come to think of it ALL the corrupt TDSMSM talking head clowns never talk about that fact/outcome either. More MSM implosion, more irrelevance and examples of unhinged bias, the media ARE the propaganda arm of the DNC.
I wonder how Don's sister is doing?
Don Lemon is vile
Don Lemon doesn't like straight people
The far left are so desperate to keep up their racial narrative, rather than allow blacks to liberate themselves from leftist manipulation.
So let me get this straight,  Kanye is the token one in the Whitehouse so does that make  Juan the token one in this panel? 
Gotta say this is a very accurate description... Of the way democrats behaved during the Kavanagh hearing
Don Lemonhead is a racist

Don Lemmon longs to blow Shep Smith.
Imagine Republicans using the same tactics they claim Democrats use every year for black votes!
Well if it freaked out the media and freaked out Hollywood it must have been the right thing to do go get them and Kanye West
Don Lemon is just that, a lemon!
Juan go to cnn
New Flash Fox Jews no matter what you say we don't believe that bullshit. We see with our eyes what your corporation is.
Why does CNN  hate free thinkers and the TRUTH SO MUCH?!?!?
More fox fake white devil
Don lemon repent and give your heart to Jesus he loves you and died for you and rose again to forgive your sins Jesus is Lord repent and give your heart to Jesus
STFU Juan . . .
juan isn't a token - hes a slave and a traitor. i cannot stand that a**hole
I really think Don Lemon is a Racist toward white people.
Racist democrats rearing their ugly heads. You didn't hear any conservative commentators calling black HRC supporters "negros". This is ridiculous.
The five Sociopath's
Don Lemon is a prop. Jaun Williams don't get it because he is a liberal!!! He's programmed. 
People have been programmed by these idiotic media outlets.
When the Fake News media like CNN gives you a lemon... you make a big ass Fake pitcher of Lemonade!!!
Nothing better than watching snowflakes melt on live tv...
TrumpNation!
Fire Juan Williams
it was a lunch!     the news was invited to the conversation.   a whole lot of love in the office.  ideas ..
Juan.. you have zero substance!!
Did (soy boy) Lemon just admitted he is a filthy racist ???
And Obama freed the Pastor..
F**K juan williams!  He has nothing smart to say or add to this show
CNN needs a hug from President Trump bad, but he isnt going to give them one...ever. I see Juan is about to open his mouth so Im shutting this video down.
YAY JUAN WILLIAMS
Now listen to these sociopaths praise him for it.
Democrats identity politics is failing. People are on to their bigotry
Lol i thought the whole thing was great!!!
Kanye spoke truth. Thats why the media is mad. The media (mostly) wants you (the average American) to listen to only them. They do not want us to have independent thought. We are living in historic times people. Vote vote vote.
Famous black rapper escapes the plantation --------> liberals worst nightmare
Gutfeld nailed it!
11:42 There! Clearly said about a prop.
Anything can be made into an issue by a anyone.
That is what this is! A propaganda stunt. A public relations stunt.
Don lemon is a race baiting POS! CNN SUCKS!
CNN like most Demoratss are nothing but Racist GARBAGE that needs to Taken out to the curb
Fox News trying desperately to maximize the PR from one of the few and far between black artists praising trump. Even if it is batshit crazy Kanye
Another promise kept!! In your face Wan Ton..you accuse behind your color.
Juan is so annoying, stupid coward
Another liberal media breakdown ?
Juan supporting don in a low cheap somewhat vile comment about a dead woman
How was what happened on Don lemons show NOT racism????
WHY ISN'T JUAN FIRED YET? I hate his face as much as Don Lemon's. Put Kanye on the panel instead.... something!
Get some other good Black voices like: Brandon Tatum, Patricia Dickson and give Juan Williams to CNN!
5:30 too stupid to realize he's on the show to be the idiot voice of opposition regardless of his losing arguments every time he speaks.  
Don lemon you are a racist it's not president TRUMP that is racist it's cnn and the rest of the people on the democrats ye are all sick pricks get a life
I now know it's proper for this "mixed-idiot" to hang it up!  Agrees with Don Lemon?  A Petchulant Negro who has NO affiliation to America!  Must be shipped-out!  Shame on you Fox News for letting this idiot spew his verbal diahiarea to America:(
Juan is a TOTAL IDIOT.....
He's actually trying to say that Kayne had nothing of substance to say....
KANYE LITERALLY LAID OUT THE ENTIRE REASON WHY BLACK COMMUNITIES HAVE CRUMBLED, AND HE ARTICULATED IT VERY WELL I MIGHT ADD......DEMOCRATS HAVE STRIPPED THE AMERICAN DREAM FROM BLACKS PERIOD
How dare they be talking on behalf of his mother!!! I'm sure that if his mother saw what he was doing she would support him and not criticize him like these a holes are doing. No mother would go publicly and then announce their child for any reason more so for politics. How dare they scumbags!!
Only the left can see this as racist
Juan Williams is an idiot
The real drug dealers are protected by the Government's of the world. If you get caught with a plant you go to prison, yet these drug companies are responsible for millions of deaths a year world wide.
spoken by those deep in the liberal pockets.  keep paying the folks.
from TRUMP DERANGEMENT SYNDROME to KANYE DERANGEMENT SYNDROME. Somebody needs to put them in Mental Asylum
50/50 on Trump
GOOD BYE JUAN. ENOUGH.
DNA testing is great tool to find out our heritage. Don Lemonhead should check his. He will be shock who he really is. Just saying.
Don Lemon is a douche bag and crappy journalist. Look at the ratings. Kudos to Kanye.
Dems lose their minds over everything which is another reason they dont need to be in power.
Don is just made because kanye is screwing his mom
Liberals are sub-human hypocrites.
CNN should hire at least one heterosexual male
All De-morons are melting from hate
Nobody's gonna talk about the actual good points Kanye made in all that? 

1) People being stopped and frisked without probable cause in Chicago (and probably other places across the USA)?
 2) Kids not learning in school because NEWS FLASH: school is boring! 
3) Racism (really Race-baiting) being used to keep people in boxes behind "invisible walls" and never talking to one another? 

No, they gonna talk about how Kanye "betrayed his race". I hope to God that democrats have their asses handed to them this November and REAL TALK starts happening within the republican party because that is where change will come from.
No, it's not the meeting itself, it's WHO had the meeting. If it was Obama, the media would be licking his ass. It's THAT simple.
Lemon is too dim to realize HE is being used. Good name for him too.
The drug companies produce more pills in a day than drugs sold by drug dealer world wide.
Everything Michael Eric Dyson says is a blitzkrieg of blathering ignorance.
Don lemonhead  is so confused he really thinks he is white.
Dana is more than Hot, she's a ''Blaze''
Man, how dare you talk about his late mother? Who died and appointed you the God? Keep your propaganda to yourself and your mother! You want to be socialist country? Watch a documentary about them, some are still existing actually still alive.
LOL doing there best to try and make him look bad, because they are afraid blacks will leave the democrap party.
I'm disappointed in Juan for embracing identity politics. Too bad he can't think for himself.
god forbid a black man supports the black community and the president and country...thats why black support has doubled for trump
The worst black are the ones who think they are actually white, right , lemon ,? I have to disappoint you, you are as black as kunta kinte, waters and al green.....buy some note whitening soap, maybe you look like Michael Jackson soon ;-)
CNN is the most racist network in The United States
Get rid of Juan! He takes his turn and then feels the need to jump on everyone elses turn...Im sick of him.
There was a name for this year's ago...they called them Slave Chasers...the ones sent to get run away slaves back for their masters...
Don Lemon is not only an effeminate dork;  he is also the black trustee at the CNN
(Communist News Network)  Plantation.  Kanye  West is a brother to all Patriotic American Brothers and Sisters.
Liberals and sellouts....you feel  threat ...that kanye will spin things around ...and you be left behind
media melt down
The mainstream media are cry babies and Don Lemon is Racist
Watch the entire C-SPAN 20 minute interview!! Must See!

On Breitbart, and it is incredible!
Don lemon is a hyprocrite he's just pissed that his master is not in the white mansion eating the left overs from his masters table and wearing his masters old date out trousers. What did Obama and his demo-mobs do for the begroe in his 8 years? I'm office? Maybe only increased the numbers of blacks floks on benefit and being shot and killed by the police, the last time I looked Americans both black and white have the freedom to choose and endorse our leaders. He should shut his trap and go the back
lol
Don is just mad because he can't get Anderson coopers sick out of his black ass
Don Lemon is a racist.
"First they ignore you, then they laugh at you, then they fight you...and then you win". The left is so desperate right now, they're taking a last stand. They obviously will put up a fight for the ages. However, what they don't understand is they're digging their grave much deeper.
Don , you are an embarrassment for our country......you are doing all this for the money you get from your stupid job in CNN.... shame on you
The way figures like Don Lemon and Hillary Clinton have been speaking lately, I find it harder & harder to believe that they actually have good intentions. I refuse to believe they're as short-sighted as they pretend to be, I think they're legitimately evil. However people like TI & Chelsea Handler seem more like useful idiots.
Don Lemer owes Kanye a apologie for talking about his mother that was low down!
Wow. Juan Williams should have his own show. He is conservative democrat, but calls out both sides for bias. Seriously I love someone who can call it like it is and not let identity politics go unchecked.
The tolerant left at its finest.
Lemon the CNN Uncle Tom. It least West is free from slavery.
LOL!!! Lemon so Butthurt, he needs a hug!
Lemon head stfu
Can we put Juan' Sons on in that chair instead please?
Juan once against your the idiot of the panel...I'm African American AND O BELIEVE... BETTER YET SUPPORT EVERY THING KANYE SAID..you applaud Don Lemonade...the biggest token black in television history...dude your right there with him, as a Blackman..or better yet a man...you both disgust me
democrats are freakin sick!,   they won't even let a person think for theirself and they get mad and try to attack him with pitchforks.
come on CNN, eat that CROW and shut up......
Juan talks, I fast forward
no, it was the 21st Century version of Crispus Attucks providing sustenance to Thomas Jefferson and so on thru history which repeats itself
Yet when multiple hip hop stars met with the Obama's, it was no big deal.
Nobody uses Kanye or Trump.Lemonhead never knew anything about Kanye's mother.
Can we all just agree that we shouldn't care or dwell on what celebrities think or believe in politics? Unless there is something that is radical, like a call for violence, we shouldn't pay them any attention.
they are disgusting people.
The msm morons need to be arrested! CNN MSNBC The View need to be taken off the air! These people are criminals!
I cant stand Don Lemon. He makes my skin crawl.
Don Lemon is an embarrassment to the Black people that work hard and disagree with "affirmative action."!  I, as ALL Negros that I've had a relationship with, see Don Lemon as challenged individual and Must get off the air!  CNN allows this type of negative, violent and petchulant behavior.  My family will "ForeEver" now be Republican!  Don't give me a hand out!  Empower me!
Dam get the guy off the cool aid!
GIVE ME $10,000,000.00 BECAUSE I'M SUFFERING AND STARVING. 3418 WACO ST APT 1, SAN DIEGO, CA 92117.
KANYE Can Make..Don
LEMONADE !!
Be the BEST, KANYE!
Bigg Redd loves you..,
Brother.
Don Lemon is a racist. Kanye is not speaking liberal language anymore he is speaking our language.
The left is so obsessed with race they cannot tolerate even one of their "pets" escaping the pen, I say that because that's how they treat people. They are so consumed and on their knees by race you can almost see the steaming white hate dripping off their chins.
Trump appoints the worst people .. The level of censorship from social media giants should have never happened, this is the worst violation of the1st amendment in US history and Trump is doing NOTHING.. How pathetic !
Don Lemon is a Disgrace and shame  to  black community.
You see how black people are treated by the media for thinking for their selves
Oh these MS .Media, they still don't get it. They want another 2016 KARMA.
No one is listening to him except people who already vote that way.
A hero's journey is a reference to a story writing style that was used in films like Star Wars and has been around for centuries.  Its what makes a great story.
That's all these people want to do is keep us divided! It makes me absolutely sick the way these people talk! They want us divided by race! This is pure BS and I hope nobody's listening to this at all! God bless the world Amen
What an absolute race baiter this Lemon guy is.  Absolutely vile and sees color through everything.  Isn't that racism?
Please get rid of that token DemocRATs Juan Williams!!!!
It's hysterical that leftist and socialist groups are upset that a black man has come out of poverty working his ass off and rising to fame and respectability, with a gorgeous wife and three beautiful children which he and she support together by working! Ironic isn't it? Illuminati already called him crazy 2 years ago, they robbed Kim in Paris, and then he & Kim immediately woke up and started to live the American family dream.
Don lemon needs to look at his own mental health.... I dont expect a brain in a lemon anyway
what is any different when obama had all the gays from hollywood and passed out metals to all of them ...that was a sick act
Lol, what was that
It's not conservative to have meetings with a rapper who write lyrics about having sexual relations with his wife's sisters.
Don Lemon back again with his racist comments.  When will it end. He does not understand he is killing CNN
there is nothing more racist than a bunch of old white democrats telling black people they cant make it without a handout from old white democrats
Kayne West is mentally ill. It's a known fact.
MAGA
CNN Is very jealous. CNN fake news. To tell you the truth Don lemon mouth CHITS FASTER THAN HIS ASS.
Total lack of understanding and compassion on the left side. Their arrogance has blinded them.
Don Lemon is a black racist. White people should boycott his show.
Personally I do not think that Republicans will win during midterms. Every president, Republican and Democrat, has lost seats always in Congress. One of the only exceptions being FDRs terms.
Blacks arent allowed to think for themselves.
Democrats own blacks.
Don Lemon and Anderson Cooper  play each other hemorrhoids.
Don lemon takes it up between the asscheeks
Just like the right melted down over Michelle Wolf making a few jokes at their expense.
from ireland don lemon is a bigot and a racist as he proved by his own words
Who tf is T.I
Kanye: King of all Koons
Why do you Fucks News retards always call it a "meltdown" anytime anyone from the left speaks out against your dumbasses?? Gtfohhh no wonder the Republican base is so Goddamn STUPID watching your filthy propaganda 24/7. 
How do these leftists function with this inferiority complex?
stupid lemon cant even protect his own  ass
Well that's what you expect from brainwashed people on the left.
Until they are ARRESTED... they win
lemon is a gay house boy...666
Don Lemon is the biggest racist !!!
LENON you are the real embarrassment not only for ur ethnicity but for anyone who hears you...ur mouth is full of BS.
Ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooh!   Poor poor  poor babies!   Get over yourselves.
Kanye West is the True Definition of a ----------------------------------- - - - - -- - >  FIELD NEGRO                  What you saw amounts to a Public Sucking Campaign about who can suck Di#$ck the hardest .
Everybody knows CNN is fake news.
Have you ever noticed how Black liberals are always more racist than White conservatives?
Left is the best!
Lemon is a coconut
Don Lemon looks like the type who has a "My Little Pony" collection at home. And proud of it.
Is CNN Don lemon trash talking his dead mother? Wow just wow...
Who the heck is this guy? Kanye West was himself, he shared his thoughts and feelings, kind of rambling, sure, but he's not a trained public speaker. Calling it a "minstrel show" is very low.
Lemon head is a racist
Oh No!  The Caucasians are talking with the Negros  what a travesty!
DEAR DON......YOU ARE THE BIGGEST ...BROWN NOSIER I HAVE EVER SEEN....YOU ARE SCUM......ON WEST'S SHOES......
Every one of those pundits I could care less what they think. Don Lemon obviously is the epitome of "everything is racist."
Woa idk what id miss..
Just like the right wingmediadid over Taylor Swift. Seems like a double standard.
They mad because Kanye is exposing the lies and manipulation put on by the democratic party. For 60 years nothing has change. It's exactly what Lyndon B Johnson with a-lot of download so research him and see what he said about black people. Obama era took us straight backwards with all the race baiting. And Juan is a loser. That political stunt the democrats and Feinstein did and you mad at Kanye for showing up to the white house...SMDH
Jesse looks older and more professional than ever..
Discredit him! making him look crazy! insulting him! make a mockery of his ideas. Just some of the left's tactics !!! It doesn't work anymore , people have woken up !!!
Rosie has mad cow disease, Don't feed her.
lemon likes men what a pervert
But you all watched it fake media 
Kanye is an "Uncle Tom" black face cartoon character. Don Lemon now thats a man.
Don lemon is more white than me 
Trump trolled Lemon again.
Need a hug, he got a hug from Trump
Theyre just mad because he left their plantation
cnn trash talkin his mother dam
Desperation breeds Fear. 
Fear breeds Hate. 
Hate Breeds Intolerance.
This all is what the Democratic/Liberal fascism machine is going through at this very moment. They are afraid of what will come on the night of November 6th, 2018.
The liberals are losing the black vote and are scared.
|   C R O S S   O U T   T H E   L E F T   |
Leave this man alone.
They are just picking on him because he's black.
I wish I could give this President a hug.
Michael Savage wasn't too keen on the Kanye-Trump summit, either.
Give this man an award.
Donald Trump is  enjoying  this
First
