Why did the Republicans even hold a hearing? There was no debate. I won't be surprised if  Someday we find that Justice Kennedy was forced into an early retirement.
Amazing how he went from all Americans, to narrow minded Democrats.  Shameful, so much BS.  Yeah show your papers. Where's the transparency? Kavanaugh flunked the job interview.  He never judged a case. He is biased, and you can't protect him.
Democrats will not take the house!
Left-mind democrats need to be a little more discreet and stop losing all over themselves in public! It's pathetic!
Gee why cant everyone just get along
The Liberal plan is if we cant BEAT them, we will IMPEACH them.
It was sham of a public hearing because corroborating people were not called.  They're out there! and there's even chance BK will be impeached.
Kavanaugh had nothing to thank the Democrats for.....except for the one Democrat that voted for him.  I guess he could have thanked those that didn't make public statements against him based on lies....if there was one.
Politically speaking, my ballot is going to be RED all the way!!!
From the first time I ever heard Chuck Grassley speak back in the 1980s I have always thought his voice sounds like he is an old-time movie actor from the film-noir era.
Both parties are guilty of this.  Garland was not even considered.
Yeah better to ignore his lies under oath with his memory gaps and missinterpretations of his yearbook entry.
Senator Grassley is an amazing man making Iowans proud!
The dems must know that they've created a situation where centrists (such as myself) will never vote for them again, so long as they shall live.  Those who are not loyal to parties but instead to their nations, are coming to recognize that the democrats are a deeply corrupt party.  Which makes me wonder why they care nothing about the long game.  And the logical answer seems to be:  Because we're in their end-game, and the long game is irrelevant.  I really do believe that this is the last stand for freedom.  Vote for these people, and Due Process won't be the only right you lose.  Allow them to continue using schools as indoctrination centers, and you will be handing your nation away in the next generation.  But allow them to dissolve due process, and you will discover friends going missing under their next term.
Grassley is a millioinaire and taking millions from the farm aide trump just gave to farmers.  CROOKS CROOKS CROOKS>
Liar grassley you need to step down i watched the hearings you and the republicans made up your own rules to vote on bills.  You are suppose to have 10 republican votes plus 1 democrat to pass bills.  You didnt have the  democrat vote but still passed bills.  You and the republican party are crooked and cant be trusted 2018 is your year of getting out of office.  GET THE WHITE OUT
95% of ALL people on this planet called Earth only care about their "Comfort Zone AND at anyone else's expense IF necessary. We DO exist IN a Predatory Society. When the Stock Market crashes, AND IT WILL and when that happens, President Trump will be despised & hated even by 95% of the "deplorables". President Trump will learn the hard way that Mr. Rothschild was & IS RIGHT when He said He who has the Gold makes the rules, aka, calls the shots. People will hold President Trump accountable for what the "ELITE" do. President Trump will then be HATED above ANY OTHER President. People refuse to blame themselves for what they have allowed to happen. They SHIFT THE BLAME! Watch the deplorables start SHIFTING!!!
These men are an embarrassment to the human race. Morons who have been voted into office with other morons. These guys need to be voted out of office yesterday.
Its very wise to impeach each and every living Republican law maker starting with dumb Grassley.
This should not be a political issue.  It is nonpartisan.  If your daughter complained about something like this you would also be upset!!!
Grassly would cry alligator tears.
The dims want the SC so they can further their progressive agenda.  Therefore, they will never go back to a collegial approach to confirm SC Justices.  I understand the desire to get along, but the reality is that the left doesn't play well in the sandbox.  Senator Grassley is an admirable man.         Iowa is lucky to have him.
Cory Booker is a flaming homosexual conman from my home state New Jersey...
The Dems are stupid. The politicizing of the affirmation process is all on them, their TDS is warping their common sense.
Admire Sen. Grassley. He is a wise senator and leader. Awesome!
Why did you thank him for Mr President Trump? Cause he doesn't have the balls to investigate Senator Feinstein leakage! What an idiot!!! He he he!
You are Awesome chuck Grassley we love  you here in Iowa. Thanks for representing Iowa
Respect for Sen Grassley.,  He's wanting to do it right by the rules
civil war 2.0 is coming.
CHAIRMAN GRASSLEY IS A SPAWN OF SATAN'S FOUL JISM
He said.....an abomination........bravo sir
The white women who put all the blame on the old white men, they better start with their own dad.
Conn-ye West just shitted in the Oval Office.
Obama incited racism.  In his speeches he always mention about division, which is a lie.  Hillary and Obama used Hitler's tactic which is "Tell a big lie and keep lying until they will believe you."
Grassley was a bully during the Justice Kavanuagh hearing.  The republican has turned into a mean spirited flash mob.  There behavior was a disgrace.  The republicans have turned into a Trump cult.  A sad day for America.
Grassley is actually very dangerous for our country. The Senate Judiciary Committee on Thursday advanced a slate of judicial nominees to the floor for a vote, including Jonathan Kobes, despite the fact that he was rated "not qualified" to serve on the circuit court by the American Bar Association. Fish rots from the head down.
His voice is so annoying 
Hold on. Why not?  Then, impeach the whole heartless brains of Damncrats too! And then to be judged by the Global Court of Multinationalists.
Liberals and their butthurt pals have impeach on the brain. If they dont like it, they want to impeach it.
TERM LIMITS
Grassley ought to retire. Disgraceful.
Do those guilty of fraud just fade back into the paneling.
If it were you or i we would have been jailed.
Like insects they crawl away waiting to bite and spread their poison.
Arrest these criminals, WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR , HELL TO FREEZE OVER !
COME ON TRUMP.
THEY WOULD NOT HESITATE TO IMPEACH YOU !!!
SENATOR GRASSLEY DID A HORRIBLE JOB IN CONFIRMING KAVANAUGH BY NOT ALLOWING THE FBI TO DO A CREDIBLE INVESTIGATION ON
THE JUDGE AND HAVING JUST 5 MINUTES  FOR SENATORS TO QUESTION KAVANAUGH.  GRASSLEY DID IT TO HIMSELF.  ALSO, WHERE ARE
THE 100,000 PAGES OF KAVANAUGH'S WORK PRODUCT THAT WAS REQUESTED, BUT NEVER GIVEN TO THE CONFIRMING COMMITTEE?
IM STARTING TO FEEL THAT ORANGE WAVE!!!
We need to an age limit on people in office of any kind. These old men are out of touch with the world. They are not fit. They have become too old
Wise words, from a wise man!
Kavanagh was always opposed to Roe V Wade, he even said so, and laughed about it. Don't think he won't try to overthrow it.  I just don't understand you supporters backing Trump who is so divisive and dangerous that you'll blindly support him. You're country is sitting on a fence to civil unrest, do any of you even know the history of the "Civil War"????  Canada will welcome you with open arms when your country goes to crap. lol. And before anyone starts screaming at me for being right or left, you actually had some decent Republican Presidents. Namely the one who presided over the civil war and got shot for it. History about to repeat itself with civil unrest????
If it's not wise, you can be sure a Democrat will do it.
FBI should look into Ford and the Dumbcrats (FEINSTEIN)
EARLY VOTING BEGINS 10-22-2018! Voting early will prevent long lines and you can update your voter's registration information then too. If you are NOT tired of winning, VOTE GOP ALL THE WAY! By voting GOP all the way will give the President's, MAGA and KAG agendas, an easier pass in the House and Senate. LET'S MAKE THE RED TSUNAMI HAPPEN FOR PRESIDENT TRUMP AND VOTE GOP ALL THE WAY 10-22-2018!
Grassley is wrong about that vile bimbo ford.don't call her DR. Politics as usual.
Contrast in values.    Restrained rule and spirit of the law. Versus ravening partisans ready to burn non democrats at the stake.   Democrats are scary
7:42 Blonde asks "CAN WE KEEP KILLING THE UNBORN Babies."
Roe vs. Wade was based on a right nonexistent within the text of the U.S. Constitution, and this is how it should be overturned, on a constitutional basis.  The right to privacy, medical privacy or otherwise, does not exist.
Sen Grassley good job, Ford though is NOT CREDIBLE. and Roe v Wade based in a lie WILL BE OVERTURNED.
Dems have been talking about impeaching Trump for 2yrs now... I wouldn't worry about them. I'm NOT a Republican but the Dems did a horrible thing with Kavanaugh. It would be interesting to see a report on how many Dems left the party because of this recent bullshit they pulled. Everybody is NOT stupid.
Okay, let's bring up Ginsberg for impeachment and see how they like it.
Chairman Grassley is the best
I have been avoiding the news for a bit and came back to more weird left tactics
I'm not letting old FOX watching seniors , red necks or HIPOCRITANS decide my future" I'M VOTING BLUE ALL THE WAY! F.TRUMP
Avenatti creepy porn lawyer haha love tucker carlson
FAIR AND THROUGHOUT HEARING ....DOES HE BELIEVES THAT HIMSELF????????HE HAS THE SAME FACE AS TRUMP AND KAVANAUGH  ..LIARS   HE IS TOO OLD  HE SHOULD BE PUT OUT ON THE PASTURE ....... BEFORE HE CAN DO MORE ..HARM ....
One day Con Don will ask Kavanaugh a favor in return.
How did Blasey Ford bring some credibility to the issue, by faking the voice of a five year old to come across as cute or by setting up a million dollar Gofundme scam? If Chuck Grassley thinks she showed some credibility he can be fooled to easy, that was an obvious scam with no credibility at all.
Not going to happen.
Why would he thank the Democrats?  They tried to stop him and didn't vote for him.
If you have spent millions for a National Socialist America an a New Constitution you sure as hell would not want a Constitutionalist Judge on the Supreme Court !!!
This reporters questions are embarrassing. Don't search for diversity, search for the most qualified position. Where does your idiotic diversity question take you?...well mexico has too much Mexicans therefore its racist! That's the type of idiot thinking from the left and now a fox reporter is thinking it. Great...
The man of God in trouble time. God bless.
Not dividing America?  These old dudes are from another time.  Unless they can take a time machine back to the 1970s/1980s it's too late to not divide America.  The border wall needed to go up in the 70s.
White Anglo Saxon Protestant. Racist trash.
What did he mean he thought Blasely Ford was credible? BS. It can only be a ploy to give her and her cohorts who still have to be flushed out a false sense of security. I hope they are all hung out to dry, and they must be.
Unwise?  Au contraire.  It would be total dereliction of duty if they dont.  Fair and thorough-bullshit.  Its time you and your fellow dinosaurs get out of the way and let some real true servants of the people take over.  Bullshit to the max.  There are only two old white men.  What a crock.
Fox is not credible.
DEM'S WILL NOT DIVIDE US.
MR. CHAIRMAN MR. CHAIRMAN MR. CHAIRMAN MR. CHAIRMAN MR. CHAIRMAN MR. CHAIRMAN MR. CHAIRMAN MR. CHAIRMAN MR. CHAIRMAN MR. CHAIRMAN MR. CHAIRMAN MR. CHAIRMAN
Chuck Grassley is a man of dignity and respect.
Why do they want us to match their violence so badly?
I have studied all the laws written on treason and on impeachment. What lies, crime has Brett Kavanaugh committed to impeach from the Supreme Court?  Maxine Watters the Dumbest Democratic Female Judas who yelled "Impeach 45" when asked how will you impeach, "oh we will impeach Trump" The same now used against Justice Kavanaugh.  Losers!
Grassley was doing fine until he started genuflecting to the  " me too" movement, then he lost me.
Panda panda panda! I don't care.
I AM A CONSERVATIVE REPUBLICAN WHO IS ASHAMED FOR OUR PARTY, IT IS CLEAR THE GOP HATES WOMEN AND AMERICANS, TRUMP IS A CRIMINAL, LIAR AND TRAITOR, LOCK HIM UP
BOYCOTT FAKE FOX NEWS AND SPONSORS
Now youre stuck with the bible-thumping nut job for life.  What a stupid country.
The Dem-ons know they will be going down to gitmo soon. HRC, DF = china
Gorilla Harris makes me wan barf when I see her
Attention all stupid morons:  you can only impeach a federal official for high crimes and misdemeanors committed WHILE IN OFFICE.
potus has to want to impeach first
Keweshions
It's pretty sad that Obama stated that the show "House of Cards" is the most accurate representation of Washington politics there is. Frank Underwood is a sociopath and a murderer. He's also a Democrat....
HA....FOR WHAT....FOR SOMEONES OPINION WITH MOTIVE.....AND THAT MADE 800K ON A GO FUND ME SITE.....OK
I am not American, I am not WHITE. My colour is more like Hispanic. I don't agree that white men are bad and feel that they are masters and better than others.  In fact, the first to have black slaves are the Arabs.  They used to cross the Red Sea and catch the poor Africans.  This was hundreds of years before the Europeans invaded Africa.  I do not deny that Europeans, after having discovered America, they needed people to work in the fields. Perhaps it was at that time that the white man started catching Africans to sell them in America.
While the White man did many wrongdoings, it was the White man that developed Science. The best example is Sir Issac Newton. He had no slaves, he was dedicated to mathematics and natural philosophy (know as physics today). Laplace, the French mathematician, James Clerk Maxwell, the Scottish mathematical Physicist, Carl Friedrich Gauss, the German physicist and many others who lived during the time when the slave trade was legal, yet they didn't have slaves. Their contribution to human knowledge cannot be overstated. ALL WERE WHITE MEN.
Maybe many of those who will read this comment know that there are slaves, today, in some Arab Countries.
Who's second
LOL... Can't impeach him ... LOL
Sore losers.... I hate Democrats
The Republicans knew that Kavanaugh was qualified to be on the Supreme Court, and the Democrats knew he was qualified to be on the Supreme Court, they just didn't want him to be simply because they were hoping to win the mid-terms. It's all a question of power. As for Dr. Ford, she was easily manipulated by evil people and enjoyed the faked fame. Shame on her!
I really like Sen. Grassley. He's so wise and level headed.
I have grown more and more of adoration towards to these old gentlemen in the GOOD OLD PARTY!
time to put
away those
that prey
on others

many are
guilty of
imposing
their will

the vampires
roam both isles
from the top
of society
to the homeless
streets
you cant impeach someone who hasn't been in office yet, they were screaming to do the same with Trump.  idiots & fool.
Golberd and Osbourne.. been seeing those commercials since the 1990's
"Old white men" disgusting statement by the senseless left.
Impeach him for what actually?
Red wave in November what's it matter?
Dr. Ford brought credibility to the sexual assault issue? What are you nuts Mr. Grassly? Ford's story changed; it had holes in it; Ford couldn't member key events from a couple of weeks ago; Ford told lies about being afraid to fly to Washington and about the reason a second door was added to her house; Ford wouldn't release all the information from her therapist; Ford wouldn't release the entire lie detector test that she took; and the most important fact of the case, every one of Ford's corroborating witnesses (including a lifelong friend) have refuted Ford's claim that Kavanaugh sexually assaulted her.

No Mr. Grassly, Ford has zero credibility that she was sexually assaulted by Kavanaugh or anyone else, and she should have been rode out of town on a rail for politicizing sexual assault in order to gain power for the Democrats.

P.S. Grassly is getting old and feeble and it's time for him to retire as chairman of the judiciary committee.
WHY would Justice Kavnaugh thank the morons that tried to railroad him???? I will also send money to support Senator Collins in her next election run.....So done with these beyond stupid liberals, ready for civil war. see what you crybaby piece of poop liberals do when we start hitting back... it`s time.....DON`T TREAD ON ME ...OR ELSE.....
l have the utmost respect for Senator Chuck Glassley! And I'm a democratic but that will change as soon as I can get to the court house.
No it's time sir. Ford faces a federal inquiry and answer for her lies.
7.05 freedom of speech being down trodden again. $3M against someone who has the right of free will we all have it... Vote and let the Red Wave flow over the blue sea of crime...
Honorable man
Sorry to say this, but I find her annoying.
The problem started because someone did not approve someone......or did we forget about that?    I guess once the other party gets elected they will do the same.......if one cheats then the rules changed i guess?
Grassley your awesome...
Just as a soldier... sir you are a true patriot.
God Bless this man., we need more like him to reveal logic in this land.
It wasn't very wise to push Kavanaugh through in the first place. There were other justices just as qualified...the only reason why they stuck with Kavanaugh was because Donald Chump wanted him...any idiot can see that.
Why the heck doesn't the GOP go all out and investigate Ford's scrubbed online presence... her alleged shady connections and every 'lead' expressed by conservatives online...? Why don't they investigate and challenge the biased words and attitudes of the Dems from the time Kav was nominated through to his swearing in?

GOP traditionally gets outplayed by the Dems... what I see is a young generation on the left outplaying old folks on the right... pisses me off every time... surely I am not 'Robinson Crusoe' feeling like this...??!!??
Truth is taken seriously not Ford
HER VOICE IS AWEFUL
Hey Martha, it was NOT a contentious confirmation: it was a democratic disgrace of misconduct and complete fascist aim at undoing civility and the rule of law.
The Democrats disgraced themselves in the Kavanaugh hearings and showed a huge lack of integrity and civility.  If you don't like what you saw get out and vote them out wherever  possible.
No, Kavanaugh thanked Joe Manchin, a Democrat. Get it right Martha.
God Bless America
THESE LOW CLASS DEMOCRATS ARE THE WORSE THAN A BAD SNAKE. THEY SHOULD BE LEGISLATING IN VENEZUELA OR NICARAGUA WHERE THERE ARE RABBLES OR RAG TAG (CHUSMAS IN SPANISH)..VOTE FOR DECENCY, VOTE AGAINST ANARCHY, VOTE FOR A GREAT AMERICA, VOTE AGAINST LEFTIST=COMMUNIST DEMOCRATS.. VOTE FOR ALL REPUBLICANS IN MIDTERM NOVEMBER 2018..
Democrat Far-Left, Demagoguery, Pandemonium, Tantrum, Bulling, Threatening, Intimidating Slandering Strategy will not carry the political winning ticket. This is not what America is about!
Sorry Chuck, Ford brought nothing but lies and Democrat deceit to the inquiry.
too bad they appointed kavanaugh.
now the democrats are motivated enough to possibly sweep all the seats in both chambers...
and impeach kavanaugh.  and probably that other dude.
mcconnell will eventually regret setting fire to the rule book.  genies out of the bottle now, bitches.
Kavanaugh reminds me of Edward Nortons movie Primal fear. He hid his evil part
Keep you friends close and your enemies closer antiquefotos
Grassley is a dinosaur that stated females would not be able to do the work load of a Senator...his bias is appaling
A US Circuit Court Judge having to explain stupid jokes from his High school yearbook about drinking with friends and flatulence in order to get Confirmed to the Supreme Court?? THIS IS OUTRAGEOUS! Blumentha is a proven LIAR and Cory Bookeris an admitted groper! wow
If the UBER corrupt Dems try to do this then this is no longer just partisan politics but outright SEDITION and TREASON

Time to cue the firingsquad
Dems act like they can impeach some body for the hell of it. If that were the case Trump wouldn't have been in office a full day.
Did Grassley say that Ford was "believable"?   Now that is ridiculous.
Liberals/Democrats are anti-American.
With the corporate fascist pawns (white Republicon men) in Congress, we will never impeach this woman hating creep Kavanaugh.  What we can do is let Chief Justice Roberts know that his court is illegitimate and irrelevant and we will not take any of their rulings seriously.  We should urge our local and state representatives to disregard their faulty and fake legal rulings.
I love how this girl open her mouth.... she hides those teeth very well...
I hope they do it.  Let them disclose their nature and who they work for? Who are behind them to corrupt the work against American people.
Kavanaugh need not worry. 2/3 of the Senate will NEVER vote to impeach.NEVER.
The same goes for Trump.
The Kavanaugh debacle reminded me of all those leftists who wanted Amanda Knox to rot in an Italian prison for a crime she didn't commit.  They knew she was guilty because you know "body language".  Plus it was unfair to accuse a Black refugee with a history of burglary and second story breakin while carrying a knife as a weapon of lying.  It was we must believe the refugee just as with Kavanaugh we must believe the highly prejudiced Leftist victim (no matter how illogical her story is).
The Dems can't get out of their own way.
This is FAUX NEWS, a Big LOL.
Corky-boob is a joke. Should have heard him on stage I think it was Wyoming (C-Span) at the Heritage Road to the White House last week (~Friday) comparing himself and the Dim-whits cause equal to the MLK marching over the bridge and Selma Alabama. Somebody should have thrown a half-dozen shoes at his head and got him off stage.
Blue with a trail of red dripping dictatorship trailing behind!
There are no grounds to impeach Justice Kavanagh and it is an "over with" conversation. The Supreme Court stands unified with all 9 justices. Why do you think they were all there at the swearing-in?
Sexual misconduct is taken seriously only if they are REPUBLICANS!!!
My mother in law is one of those people who thought Hillary would be a competent president....yeah I know. But even she thought the Kavanaugh witch hunt was repulsive and a partisan hit job. She really doesn't like Trump either but recognizes you need A REASON to impeach someone. Not liking someone doesn't make them a criminal. I have to respect that, but all the same, can someone who might otherwise not vote in November please do so and cancel out her vote?  Please
TRUMPSTER!!!
Dear all I share with you my story about volunteerism in counterrorism operations. 
For over a year from gestures and outfits of vs zombies I make messages about where attacks can happen and what terrorists would do in Europe. 
But this knowledge is not enough to stop terrorism therefore most important thing is people start protests against terrorism in Europe. 
I believe if states of Europe had stopped payments to refugees a war would have started in Europe. 
Therefore I ask money from Rothschild banking system for armies to protect people and for hackers working in counterrorism operations.
How old is this guy?
WHY ISNT CONGRESS ARRESTING THESE CRIMINALS NOT FOLLOWING FEDERAL LAWS. WE HAVE SANCTUARY CITIES AN NO ONE IS ARRESTING THEM.
FEMINISM ISNT OF GOD IT IS THE WORK OF THE DEVIL. YOU BITCHES DESERVE SHARIA LAW. STAY IN LINE!
TRUMP BETTER SLOW DOWN BECOUSE HE'S WINNING WAY TOO MUCH . FROM THE ECONOMY TO KIM JUN UN TO DACA TO THE WALL TO KICKING HILLARYS ASS TO BRETT KAV THE LEFT MIGHT JUST TRY AND ASSASINATE HIM . HE WINNING TO MUCH . OOOOOHHHHHHHHHH THEY DONT LIKE WHEN HE WINS.
Isn't Grassley the multi millionaire in congress sucking the taxpayer's teat for farmer tariff relief?
Simply just tell the Dems to F Off
I HAVE A QUESTION . WHERE THE HELL IS MS FORD ? PROBABLY SOMEWHERE SIPPING MAITAIS . ENJOYING THE BIG PAYOUT SHE GOT FOR HER ROLE IN THE FUCKERY .
YOU NEED A GOD FEARING WOMEN ON THE COMMITY . DEMONCRATS HAVE THE OPPOSITE IN THEIR WOMEN . WANTING GAYS TO BE MARRIED , LGBTQ PARADES AND GENDER EQUALITY ISNT GOD LIKE AT ALL . THINK OF IT THAT WAY.GOD MADE ADAM AND EVE NOT ADAM AND STEVE /NO ONE SHOULD GET PRAISE BUT YAH PARADES SHOULD BE HELD FOR JESUS AND GOD /GOD DONT THINK OF US AS EQUAL . MEN ARE THE HEAD OF EVERY HOUSE HOLD ,THE WOMEN SUPPOSED TO FALL IN LINE AND BE SUBMISSIVE TO THEIR MAN. THIS NEW WAVE OF WOMEN WANT EQUALITY BUT WANT YOU TO FOOT THE BILL FOR EVERYTHING , EQUAL PAY IN WHICH I SUPPORT . WOMEN SHOULDNT HOLD HIGH RANKING POSSITIONS ,THEY SHOULD NOT PREACH THE WORD OF GOD. NOT MY WORDS GODS WORD SAID THIS. SOON AMERICA WILL BURN ALL BIBLES . IM NOT WITH THAT ID LEAVE TO ANOTHER COUNTRY .
DR FORD GAVE 0 CREDIBILITY WHY ARE YOU SUGAR COATING ?
You need 2/3 of Senate, will never happen, get over it.
Ford =Fraud.. Demonkkkrats just scream. Impeachment all they know!!..Hillary Lost get over it!!
Love Senator Grassley&Linsay Graham&Susan Collins for standing up for Judge Kavanaugh
... I'm sorry, did he just say "the way they treated Thomas"? So in his mind, Anita Hill is the villain of that pierce of history?
Dont like him  to old scool
Senator Grassley was the 1st senator getting the truth about the Fast and Furious debacle which Obama never answered to. God Bless Senator Grassley.
"I thought Dr. Ford brought credibility" pff, give me a break. I think she lied through her teeth and it was such an act. She should be charged with perjury!
the dems think they can impeach a justice on past events that may or may not have happened. but that is not how it works. a SCOTUS has to do something on the court to be impeached for. If Kavanaugh's behavior is impeccable he will not be impeached. as for other current justices...that is another story yet to be revealed. corruption is possible at any time. Judges have always been susceptible to being blackmailed.
Senator Grassley said that Christine Ford's testimony was credible I guess he was listening to somebody else speak. The four people that Christine Ford named as Witnesses completely disavowed her.
GRACE needs to prevail - resist the urge to answer fools according to their folly and become like them...
Fantastic job Mr. Grassley. Well done. It's good to have men like you serving the people.
dems strategy is to work the storey of fbi investigation wasnt good enough.  Yet, they actually dont want this going deeper since it would implicate the dem party into trying to get witnesses to change there sworn statements, among other things.

There will never be charges against kavanaugh.  Only talk of bs to try and keep the dem voters angry.  

Best thing ever would be to dig further and out the whole thing as a planned hit....that is clearly was designed to do.
Thank you Senator Grassley!
K gramps
I hope kavanaugh sues the accussers  just trump did 2 his accusers all of the 19 of them!
Nikki haley 2020
Chairman Grassley I am proud of your choice of words .  I am an American first. I love my Puerto Rican heritage, but I am an American first. I will defend America with all my heart and soul. I quote Teddy Roosevelt when he was asked what race he was. " I love my heritage, but I'm an American" I'm a strong believer your either an American or your not
Nina ,Pina and the Santa Maria
You thought this ine was bad just wait until Trump get a third nomination its going to be even worse.
Senator Grassley is a rare gem. His common sense approach has brought him a huge group of followers throughout the USA. Always good to hear from him.
I wish Chuck was my Grandpa!
4:39  STOP saying Dr. Ford brought "credibility".  It was obvious from the start she was being manipulated (and paid by Soros or someone else) to LIE... and she was more than willing to go along with it.  The bogus lie detection and, the fake, squeaky voice without any tears, was mere acting. Dr. Ford is mentally unstable, and without any corroboration, it was clear she was merely projecting what she wished had happened onto an innocent Brett Kavanaugh.  As of today on Go-fund-me, Dr. Ford is $616,603 richer.  Is was worth her while to bear false witness... at least in this life... not the next.
Justice Kavanaugh thanked Democrat Joe Manchin, Martha!!!  Kavanaugh and Manchin were bipartisan!
The swamprat demorats don't understand that they only strengthed President Trump, Bret Kavanaugh, the GOP and the American voters. November 6, 2018 let's paint our nation red.
They always bring abortion into it. Abortion was illegal from the beginning. Why didn't someone ask them then, and why don't someone ask them now. Why did we legalize a law in 1973, that was legal in the Soviet Union in 1920?
The supreme court is suppose to rule according to the Constitution of the USA, not the USSR! Why didn't someone point this out to them? Maybe they just ignored their sworn duties, and sold us out to the USSR.
the demonRAT MOB
The big error in thinking comes in definitions. Republicans think they are elected to represent ALL the people, and so must consider everyone's concerns. Even TRUMP says to make America great for ALL Americans.   Democrats believe they are elected to push through their personal iberal/progressive agenda, unconcerned about the conflicting views of the people in their district who did not vote for that, using lies and deceit to cover their tracks, and using claims of social injustice to hide their motives. Total difference in definitions and philosophy. The LEFT demands a concession here, a concession there, and NEVER gives back. So after 40 years, they have everything they need to take over and dictate their terms to everyone. "Obamacare . . . you have to approve it to see what's in it."
What a clown Grassley is. Not one word about Kavanaugh's obvious unsuitability due to lying under oath and partisanship. Come on, what kind of judge threatens things like "What goes around, comes around" while interviewing for the highest judicial job in the world? Yes he actually said that. Yikes! And what kind of interviewer doesn't bring those glaring deficiencies up?
Look at the two main antagonisers: schummer and soros. What do they have in common? Yes you got it.
All through history some of them have turned people against people within a nation [Russia is the prime
example 1917]. Then play the victim card. Not all are bad but the 'upper circle' ARE!
All the diversity/globalism/multi culti politics are all backed by them! Time people see these 'elite' for what
thay are!
Republicans should be pro-active and start pre-emptive impeachment procedings against Bader-Ginsberg immediately. She can't even keep from falling asleep during a 1/2 hour photo session. (unfit to serve)  Strike FIRST and HARD. Stop being so weak. We elect you to institute OUR policies and OUR values, yet you bend over backwards to accomodate every request the left makes. Weak men do that, NOT LEADERS.
It's ok to be white......and older.
Dems spout descriptive words of behavior that they don't follow. Negative behavior. Then they blame Republicans.
The party out of power is supposed to play dirty tricks to get back into power. 

But the all-out assault on America by the Democrat campaign sleazes is too much to allow. The elected representatives of both parties are supposed to first look out for the country -- instead, they are slavishly following their "advertising agency" political parties in a sure path to the destruction of us all.

And we vote for these partisan, vicious, clowns!
Norma McCorvey = Red Pill
dems are the party of hate . the party of slavery. the party of kkk. the party of jim crow.
"We have an execuiv sezzion"
End partisan politics abolish all political parties. 

 It is horribly inefficient to have a practice where in the final year of a presidents term that the Senate Judiciary Committee chairman not put forward a nomination given by the president.  It might be politically polite and honorable but it slows us down.

For the efficiency of our country there should be term limits on every branch of our government not only in the executive but in the legislative as well as the Judiciary.

I also believe that there should be a 'second string' that continues to do the work of Congress when Congress men/woman are absent for whatever reason (sick, dead, vacation, family time, just don't feel like coming in to work).

We have grown enormously in physical size and population  from the time that our Union was first conceived we are now old enough and experienced enough to know what we want for our country so it's high time that we change our constitution to reflect exactly what we want. The Constitution should be up for review and vote every 100 years.

Given all of the above, these changes will have a positive impact on our economy.

Yeah so when you  get  through  dribbling  and  drooling  take  off  the  tinfoil  helmets  and  how  about  this. Trump  is  a  traitor  and  all  those  who  aid  and  abet  his  treason  are  traitors  as  well. He  was  a  traitor  the  moment  he  called  on  putin  to  attack  the  election  and  an  American  citizen  on  national  television. That  putin  did  just  exactly  that  is  proof  in  the  pudding. So knowing this and continuing to support a traitor president  makes you a traitor too.  Congratulations.
Impeachment is the only way to clear up this mess. What a disaster that GOP couldn't find a better candidate. Wisdom for sure is something this Grassley doesn't need to think or worry about. He produced this mess in the first place.
God bless my country..please everyone.....please GET OUT THE VOTE....the hate you see is not a movie it is REAL!!!! ....IT'S not just something you see on tv..IT IS REAL....Im not someone who would normally say this but....DEFEND YOUR SELF AGAINST VIOLENCE TIME..no one should be hit by baseball bats or stones or mob violence...I AM NOT GOING TO BE INJURED.....I WILL DEFEND MYSELF..
Kavanaugh will be impeached for lying to Congress. 

And to the FBI. 

.
This just shows how reckkess and unhingrd the left is, I'm an indep. voter who had voted for Democrats but not anymore. They lack integrity and honor.
Dear Democrat pieces of Filth - Kavanaugh's in. You lose. Start sucking on it.
Grassley is far more gracious than I would have been. I am fuming. This whole thing is disgusting. Vote red
We can tell that Criptkeeper dart vader ginsberg is already a zombie and they will keep her walking corps moist and robotically moving until her skin falls off at least until 2020!
democrats and libs have turned our system into something ugly.  democrats are disgusting and anyone who still votes for them today truly needs to look at themselves in a mirror and evaluate themselves very seriously.
I think Grassley's last statement puts one or more of the conservative justice's lives in danger if a case against liberals or abortion gets to the floor of the court before 2020.
Former liberal here.  Sooo glad to see key members of the GOP Swamp starting to come aboard the Trump train. MAGA winning!!
God bless Grassley
The left is following the play book left to them by Saul Alinsky called Rules for Radicals, which was the guiding light in Obamas life and followed in his days as a community organizer, even when he was in the White House, he never really stopped being one. The main purpose of his eight years in office was to help develop many more as we see now and will continue to no doubt as the future of this country is fought over. I suggest everyone become more familiar with that book or videos about it because its all laid out in there as to what these people are trying to do to overthrow the United States and turn it in to some sort of tyrannical pure democracy, if thats even possible, since a pure democracy is not really what we should want.
Senate Judiciary Committee chairman- "GO FUND ME COUGH DROP "
What does Kavanaugh and his wife do regarding their two daughters and going to school, even private, which I would think is where they were attending if they werent homeschooled already? Think about it knowing how on hinged on the left is. seems to me they cant go anywhere without security and have to be homeschooled since why would you take a chance.
hand full of protesters, not very represented of everyone so .its just shock news
We The People get to vote to confirm Judge Kavanaugh on Nov 6. Vote Republican or America is lost
The Democrats are at war with American values and laws .    This has nothing to do with issues like abortion .  It is the leftist quest for absolute power so they can transform us into a third world poop pit .
Fox News blacklisted Michael Savage  they are FKN trash...
I have one question- Did the democrats and activist actually believe professor Ford's claims or were they just playing along?  I know they repeated over and over that they believed her but I wonder if it was just a play along trying to get everyone else to believe.  I guess deep down I wonder if she was a made up victim by the democrats or a actual victim taken advantage of by the democrats.
It was"WISE "to elect Kavanaugh to the Supreme Court ? IGNORANT ,BIASED, AND DOWNRIGHT LYING GIT GRASSLEY ! WHAT A STUPID MAN- EVEN DUMBER THAN TRUMP IF HE THINKS WE DIDN,T SEE WHAT WENT ON !
Grassley is a abominable cuck.
I like how so called " conservative" Fox protects the rioters on the left. Because let's face it, Fox news is owned and run by Liberals.
Whatttttt now Kavanaugh is supposed to thank the demo rats for trying to evicerate him? Give us a break people vote these thugs and their mob rule out.
At what point are we going to enforce the rule of law? 
We have the gaurantee clause of the US constitution, the sedition act, the internal security act, and the communism control act.. 
Why are we not enforcing those laws to stop those Maoist cultural revolution the radical left is pushing?
It seems McCarthy was right.
If you want to change the landscape of the Congress then you need to start with shutting up and throwing the 2 biggest Political assholes of all time in jail, Obummer and Clinton! Those 2 alone have damned near destroyed this Country and everything it stands for!
" if I'm chairman I won't take it up"....and there's you repubilcan party, and why they end up losing.
I don't know any conservatives that watch Fox, I do know liberals and repubilcans who do though, hmmmmmm...
Fox has become CNN light, nothing but gotcha!!!
Pathetic weak assed RepubliCANTS will allow demokkkrats to take over,  Grassley is a perfect example of this, " I hope not"....
Fox whipping up their leftist operatives, roe v Wade hysteria, 50 years now..and Fox is right there to legitimize the psychosis on the left.
Who is the one trick point Fox feminist?
where ya at "spartacus" ??? hahaha.
And this is so called "conservative" Fox.
Old rinos are just as bad as younger ones, all the same mimeograph...women don't lie, lgbtq pure as the driven snow, so tiring.
Fox has become unbearable, CNN lite...always running interference for demokkkrats.
Conservatives still think Fox is on their side... Look who owns and runs Fox, there's your answer.
" we can work in a bipartisan way"...... typical rinos.
Grassley let it go on this long, demokkkrats ran it.
Repubilcans still won't call out that ALL the violence is coming from the left, ALL of it.
Kamal Toe Harris and Cory are two dumb *iffes.
If the dems seek impeachment against Kavanaugh it will backfire on them and the corruption deep and entrenched in the Supreme Court will be exposed. Something connected to the ruling of the homo marriage law will be exposed and it will result in the removal of three justices.
They couldn't impeach trump what makes them think they can impeach kavanagh????
Vote red so they  can't  try impeachment  against  both. This is our constitutional  rights Democrats  want to take  away.
Three men that really stood out in this fight against Demoncrat evilness were: Grassley, Graham and Ted Cruz. Graham really showed he has some fire in his belly. 
Truth and honesty won the day...AS IT SHOULD....
Grassley needs to go then, at least before 2020. The Distractocrats have declared all out war now, so screw their "Not in an election year" BS. Chucky Schumer even tried to change it to any election year, which would mean effectively every other year, so since they don't adhere even to their own rules, screw any of their rules.
Feminism eats itself.
If ginsberg can't cite the constitution off the top of her noggin, surely she can't have long left. She not got it all up there to make sense. Sorry bye bye ginny.
Bang another rep judge in there just to make sure.
"Dr" Ford was not credible.  Stop saying that she's credible.  Her story is ridiculous.  Her ex-boyfriend made a sworn testimony to the FBI that she is a liar.  It's proven that she was a liar.  She has no evidence.  She has no witnesses.  She has no corroboration.  She completely scrubbed the internet of herself a month before this came out.  Her polygraph was a joke.  Nothing about her is credible.
a lawyer for the porn world ///lol
I'm not an American, just watching from a little way away. The more I watch, the more I come to the conclusion, that Democrats, are all enemy combatants. They are fighting to bring down your American constitution. And as enemy combatants, I can only encourage actual Americans, to act accordingly towards them.
Stop being so sensible, don't you realise you're on Fox.
Good for Grassey.
He looks like billy bob thorton in that old pic.
We can't let infractions against women detract from his career. Abused women should stop trying to stop abusers from being judges over women. In america if you get 60 abused women, you can get one Bill Cosby. You would need at least 45 abused women to take down one Kavanaugh.
Wrong !!  The DNC (Commiecrats) have acted and will act like a cornered bobcat because they have no other strategy. Losers/liars rant and rave when exposed.
Patriotism is the virtue of the vicious
Schumer made a speech and kept a Hispanic Judge from the Supreme court?  Why isn't that making headlines?
actually a really good interview and good interviewer
Taxpayers who are pro life/anti abortion shouldn't fund abortions...
We love you!
MAGA MSGA from Sweden!

God bless President Trump and the great people of USA and Sweden.

Justice and his family has been in my thoughts since the first hearing where his daughter had to leave cause of the leftists.

You are a strong nation with independent patriotic people.

You give hope to all anti-globalist conservatives around the globe.

Again, from my heart, Thank You all from a humble Swede proudly in active  service since 1992.

Vilja Mod Uthllighet
Will Courage Stamina

Paratrooper SF K3

You are all heroes standing up against the leftist oppression.
If it was real deep impact y did Ford just drop the issue. Oh she got her $$$$...
He wants women and hispanics to rule over him?
Kavanaugh innocent, why is Ford not in jail for slander, perjury, and POSism.
The damage the Democrats have done to themselves and the ridiculous riots in Portland aren't helping.  Assaulting senior citizens driving by in the passenger cars isn't helping your cause.
The zombies on the last follow Maxine's orders to intimidate innocent people.  Predict the Democrats are going to pay dearly in the midterms.
Grassley is a good man. And the demoncrats are just that - possessed.
The democrats and leftists want to impeach anyone who doesn't go along with their idiology.
Wow, this female interviewer is a biased c*nt.

"What was revealed about Kavanaugh"<< Nothing was revealed about him other than he was rightfully outraged by the witch hunt and propaganda against him and rightfully pointed out the extremely partisan attack on him and his family.
"Kavanaugh thanked only Republican Senators"<<< What the holy fuck does he have to be thankful for from the Democrat senators?!? They were the most repugnant of simpleminded gender-baiting propagandists engaging in an outrageous witch hunt.
ginsberg and bayer got votes because they are  jewish. All these left opposition is jew shadow deep state behind doing it. America is not talmudist country not christian.
What's his problem with UB40?
Great interview
Great American!
When you're vacuuming a fetus out of a womb, does it IT feel pain!?
I kinda admire Grassley for his wise comments
everytime you see another dem video report it as spam
Dems are reached new low . Shame on them.  Republicans and that one lone wolf  dem came through.  Senator Collins is a true republican lady and  she has integrity. They cant take that away. Red Tsunami  in November
Brett Kavanaugh should have also thanked the Dems, for ruining his squeaky clean reputation!
If Ford feels she was sexually assaulted by kavanaugh she should open a case with the police if she still feels he "got away with it" but she won't as it was purely a political tactic and she won't be heard from again as the dems need to find another pawn to get kavanaugh now he's justice.. all of it is a game to the Demon rats!
Without Russian Help Trump would not have been President
I am a biologist and when people says, fetus feel no pain..that's BS.
There is evidence when feels pain. The number is very low as 22 weeks.
But the courts and lawmakers used a Social definition of pain.
Yes Social.
Requiring the fetus to understand and have an emotion. Obviously because of tech limitations we can not do a brain scan of the primitive brain of a fetus.
Yet, we can measure the activity of pain receptors and yes. You won't say a lobster doesn't feel pain when boiled alive same as a fetus. Basically in evolutionary terms that have similar brains with the human fetus with higher neuron count.
Try it, Demonrats! You'll see an ass whooping at the voting booths, the likes you've never seen, and will never hold power again! You're so stupid, you just pissed off the SCOTUS that tips the scales! 
All day long!
My impression was that he had asked some women to serve on the judiciary committee, and the women he asked declined because of the workload. It wasnt that women, in general, cant handle the workload; it was just that the women he asked declined because of the workload; similar to declinations by many male senators due to the workload. Good Lord, hes old, but its not like he was in his 80s back in the 40s and 50s.
He didn't only thank Republicans...he thanked Joe Manchin
Creepy porn lawyer Avenatti Touched me, believe me..
White and proud!
Did kavanagh not thank mancin in his speech? So saying he only thanked republicans isnt true 
DIVIDED AT GRASS ROOTS BECAUSE SOME OF US ARE AMERICANS AND SOME ARE ILLEGAL ALIENS ON WELFARE
For a second I was taken aback by Grassely's statement that if there is a vacancy during 2020 that there will be no voting on a new Justice , but bearing in mind what happened in 2016 , I'm for letting the voters decide again .
I simply can't stand any more nonsense about Kavanaugh!

How about investigating who handled Ford and abused her silly, fragile mind in a fraudulent and reckless attempt to block Trump's nominee? 

It's already evident Feinstein knew the attempt to be a abortive hail mary  and didn't care! But there must be a money trail and a trail of documents to illustrate the machinations behind this abuse of the Senate, the nominee and probably Ford herself. 

And if Ford wasn't a victim of evil manipulations, shouldn't she then stand trial for leveling false accusations against an innocent man  or perhaps be remanded from a position teaching psychology to a mandatory treatment for criminal insanity?
The only   people who found Ford credible are dumb or hypocritical. She is a Professor of psychology and yet she used a little girl voice and terminology. On the polygraph episode she said that when she was connected to the MACHINE she was scared, all in a little girl voice.       SHE AN EXPERT  PROFESSOR ON POLYGRAPHS ?????.
Hawaii for Trump! Vote Red 2018 Midterms
Caption folllows too late.
You are just wasting your time Democrats..Serve your time for for the good of the American people.
Please democrats moves on. Forget your foolishness.
"And thanks to those enemies of mine who showed America and the world stage, how corrupt they are".
Do you actually think that 'We the People' are going to ALLOW this BULLSHIT to OUR Supreme Court for the next 40 Years..?  AS IF..!!!   FUXK YOU..!
Give to Susan Collins campaign!
< They need to leave that damn man alone now. They've done enough to him for their bullshit political agenda.
Impeach on what ground?
Investigate the liberal media!
REPUBS NEED TO GET OUT THE VOTE IN NOVEMBER!
Dr Ford needs to be thrown in jail and loser her job and title
Great job Chairman Grassley! 
Chuck G. minces no words.  Cheers!
Time for Trump to release the FISA documents about Hillary, Obama and every other scandel like 911, JFK and so on.... time to nail the corrupt bastards!
Ginberg Kagan Sotomayor need to go
Why in God's world would he thank the dirty Dems one tiny speck of an iota at all they did nothing but spew their filthy mouthed hatred and lies the whole time!
Please hurry to create the "Keep susan collins" fund.  I will contribute.
No policy, no platform no record, democrats: "vote for me I'm going to impeach everyone" stupid dim wits
Its not possible to impeach Kavanaugh. This is a political tactic by the Democratic elite to herd the sheep. They know its impossible. It takes 2/3 of the Senate to impeach. Thats 67 Senators. So if the Dems win EVERY race in 2018, which is extremely unlikely, the most votes they would have is 58. In addition, they actually would have to have a reason to impeach. Its never going to happen. If you are a D, ask yourself why are the elites promoting something that is impossible?
fox news is still better than CNN because CNN now has a homophobic female reporter named Kaitlin collins.
I cant wait for November!
much love chairman Grassley!
OMG His view is the total opposite of the witch Clinton. Clinton says civility will not return until they mange to take back the house and senate ..
What are they gonna impeach him for..? He didn't do anything.. Just like president Trump!
Is grassley actually  a senator in your country?????
LOL
cleverman.he feed the boyfriends letter the miss mitchael and got to see this shank lie to his satisfaction ,sandbaged  the demon rats operation.perjury charges should follow and as sen.Blumenthal ,the certified liar stated as he began to question Kavanaugh ,''the jury can choose not believe a witness if they catch them in a lie,they can throw out the entire statement.she got caught in a least a half dozen lies.just the facts mame
If you believe brett kavanaugh's calenders from 1982,  over Ford's polygraph test.  you might be a republican, alternate facts!
When do LIberals do anything that is wise? They don`t. Their ideas are worthless and their practices are raw sewage.
Great interview up to the abortion bullshit.  It's law OK, It's never going away, like it or not that's what it is.  Quit trying to make a story where there isn't one.
Diversity means "incompetence"
Complete bullish!t.. this should NOT be allowed to continue and booker and his pals should be held accountable!
Shalom and thanks for your video! Now I must issue a warning " If anyone has denied the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, Repent and confess his name befoe men, ask for his Holy Spirit because Rapture and Sudden destruction is imminent, Time is Up! Love You All.
none of them can say "Judiciary" right. lol
So many people are freaking out about hurricane Michael hitting another red state.  I dont know why everyone is so upset.  There is no global warming and when people start drowned bag and stuff, our president will jizz in his daughters face and make her ambassador to the UN.  MAGA!!!
The people that run the democrat party are in fact now Marxists...who historically have always openly called for the utter destruction of the United States of America. We have every reason to believe that these Marxists bastards will engender upon all who follow them... to commit  acts of deception and pure evil ( as they did with Judge Kavanaugh)  to scare good people of good conscience who love this country its founders and its supreme liberating document: The Constitution. It may come to a Civil War, and it may not. Whatever the decision will be, No Price will be to high to pay... to avoid losing our nation and its constitutional heritage to these slithering socialist scoundrels. As in times past..keep your Bible your Loved ones and your Guns close by.
Ford brought credibility   .?  No  FBI thorough investigation ?  America is  fake
if Ginsberg falls. he'd be dumb to not move forward Judge Amy Barrett.
Impeaching someone with no good reason What about arresting all those corrupt criminal politicians and government officiala. Heaps of evidences and witnesses dead and alive. This is the very resson justice needs to be meted out on the wrong for the right
Grassley is amazing!!!!
When Democrats take control of Congress they WILL instruct the FBI to launch a FULL investigation, without restrictions and without their hands being tied.  All witnesses that wanted to be interviewed by the FBI MUST be interviewed. Further; if  Kavanaugh LIED and committed PERJURY under oath, that must also be investigated by a Democratic controlled Congress.
America is under attack from the democrats its your choice to stand up get out and vote or lay down and let them win
sen. grassly's 1st class all the way.
State Media
I never knew that Judiciary could also be impeached.
The latest rumor is that Antifa is planning to stop conservatives from voting, one of the many tactics they are planning is to stop traffic to voting pols and only letting thru people who they believe will be voting their way. The plan is to harass people going to the polls and prevent them from actual voting. They are also looking for ways to hack the voting machines and change the votes.
You can't just impeach someone because you don't want them there. What will these people do or say if proof is found he's innocent? I bet they wouldn't even apologize.
He wimped out.  we need a strong fighter! Call him! He MUST PURSUE Gord Documents and investigate Senate Dems for conspiracy HiT JOB!  Or mid terms are effed
Corey Booker HAS no integrity! He's nothing more than a jester. A clown.
This old devil needs to die and so does the rest of white evil America and take the hateful blacks too just leave us LGBT and Indians lol
Two white devil's on my screen WTF
If the house wins the majority I would be totally shocked if they didn't try for a Article of Impeachment.
So let's say they pass that then there is one final step left.
It's turned over to the Senate for a trial. To be found guilty and removed immediately from office , this would require 70 votes in favor. This is what makes it tough to impeach.
Ask Bill Clinton, he was found not guilty by the Senate. Then his poll numbers went up .
If there was a civil war in the country you would see a lot of dead libtards!
Let the demonic Dems try and we will see what happens.
Susan Collins is definitely a feminist. Feminists are the scum of the earth. Susan Collins needs a primary challenge from the right.
Wow. I actually learned something from an interview with a politician. Grassley's chronology of the politicization of the federal judiciary explains a lot.
democrats  have no message they are masters  of deception 
American people  are AWAKE
Hey Joe Manchin  Be our Hugo Stiglitz! *see Inglorious Bastards movie*. The Red Majority will welcome you by flipping! Be a part of history in MAGA! =D
this bimbo reporter completely ignored the fact that kavanaugh did in fact thank munchen- a democrat. todays so called reporters are weak- theyre nothing but gossips- not researchers.
Talk about an understatement, Mr.Grassley!
Feminists are vicious, spoiled women and men who are trying to get who-knows-what-else for women because there is nothing they dont have... rights, positions, or property. Feminism is the cancer that cant be cured.
Senator Chuck Grassley, a stalwart Patriot.
Grassley is being too politically generous. Surely his long standing relationship with the D's should be preserved but they've already laid down a gauntlet with Hillary's de facto threat today, "The time for civility will be after the elections". Talk about not-so-hidden meaning! I want Hillary in jail now to stop her crime spree and, as they say, keep her away from decent people.
Grassley walks on eggshells too much for my liking. He's an old fool if he thinks these young liberal senators are going to play nice. He may be a good guy, but I think he needs to be replaced with a more conservative, more cognitive, 30 year younger replacement. Right now he is 85 years old for Pete's sake. That is ridiculous. Washington needs new blood. Besides term limits there should be age limits. 100 year old senators is crazy.
MOST of Americans (not left coast or Cali bullying coast) are  supporting our process.  Ignore the idiot protesters who are being paid by leftist organizations .. but.. yeah.. FBI needs to investigate these organisations 

HOPEFULLY.. this next election::   We're watching legal voting and illegal voting .  Sorry but DEAD people should not be VOTING!
The ONLY individuals WORTHY of being thanked by Kavanaugh ARE the the republicans!
Ahhhh.. Leave it to Fox News and it's "I'll follow along, without Question..." Anchors to point Out the 2 African American Senators to oppose Brett Kavanaugh at his Hearing off the Bat in this Interview. If Senator Grassley actually cared to not divide among races he would of declined to answer the Question by the Anchor... It's that simple. But go ahead, and believe Republicans are good people..
wise men
ONLY 27 DAYS until mid-term elections Nov 6th, 2018!   All American citizens vote REPUBLICAN Nov 6 2018, call family friends neighbors co-workers, drive them to polls, help them w mail in ballots.  Democrats threaten America, favor illegal aliens over citizens, globalism over Americanism, guilty until proven innocent w/o evidence.  Vote Republican to Keep America Great!
Stop giving this stooge woman Ford credibility. Proven liar, proven puppet of Feinstien.
Christine Fraud is not a Doctor. She is not listed anywhere as a Doctor of Psychology in California. She is a specialist in hypnosis and retrieved memory and fictitious memory making. Look it up yourself. She is a plant by the Democrats, and all this was purposely done. She used victimization as a weapon.
Merrick Garland? The Republicans held the Senate in 2016- they were not obligated to rubber stamp the nominee of a lame duck President.
grassley is 99 percent correct and has used very accurate transparent language to describe the context of pollution in the process by the ideologically infected expectations (that favor tabloid trash intern impeached democrat demands). unfortunately he knows the obstruction to reason (fairness logic truthfulness) that our corrupt dnc take such pride in not only causing but escaping accountability from will be encouraged by components only interested in political control for controls sake. granted its still encouraging to observe him and his colleagues take the high road when few who matter would criticize him for going low or more linguistically lethal. the dirty dems impeachment threats are 'attacks on our institutions' by any journalism standards, but if it is not president trump his policies or his appointments being judged (unfairly), then obviously our humiliated clinton catastrophe crew press become instantly confused and refuse to correctly cover. which is another thank you julie and fox news moment, as well. lol.
Let the democrats try impeach Kavanaugh. It'll add millions of conservative votes to the tally.
These IDIOTS are sure earning their new name: "DUMBOcRATS".  LOL!  Yeah, impeach a Conservative SCOTUS before the 2020 Prez Election is an IRON-CLAD-GUARANTEE of Trump's REELECTION.  Why is the Marxist-Left so STUPID???
Impeach him for what? These people are nuts.
Those Leftist Loonies is a joke! I think of cartoon characters more seriously than I do of those leftist loonies agendas!
A true man of principle ...thank goodness he was leading the committee !!
Thank You Chuck Grassley!!!Thank You Judge K & Family for your selfless sacrifice to save our GREAT COUNTRY!!! You all should be treated like ROYALY!  Thank God, Our Father in Heaven, for the Patriotic Soldiers you all are! You have given US ALL a very special gift, we can now feel secure in our counyry & homes that our Rights & Freedoms will be protected. God has used YOU ALL to show His power through you!  That's amazing to me! THANK YOU!!!! God Bless you! AND LET NO WEAPON FORMED AGAINST YOU PROSPER & EVERY TONGUE THAT RISES UP AGAINST YOU/US IN JUDGEMENT, WE/YOU WILL CONDEMN!
WOW! He is POS! Old. White. Man. So much hatred and entitlement...but as the rah rah team of Trumpets...winning. However, I must ask what does it profit a man to gain the world and lose his soul. After the debacle of confirming a drunk, angry, and sexual predator to a lifetime jobyes I said job most people will never respect the Supreme Court again after this,  nor him. But, Kavanaugh doesnt care...as he states I drank beer...I went to Yale...I deserve this appointment. 

Interesting that he began his job interview with how he was the soccer dad...how he loved his daughters...let us hope that they get more respect than what has revealed during his job interview.
THE DEMOCRATS ARE RIGHT ON THE VERGE OF STARTING THE CIVIL WAR.
IMPEACH Ginsburg for being DEAD
DEMONCRATES will do whatever it takes to keep on legally MURDERING AND SLAUGHTERING BABIES. They hate God and love sacrifices innocent children
THERE WILL BE NO IMPEACHMENT,  BUT A REAL GOOD CHANCE OF A BLOOD BATH.
12:01 just another reason the 90's were great...:D
All the hub-bub is to exhaust the electorate, get a friendly Congress and exhonerate or bury Hillary Clinton's misdeeds. Period. After she's dead I'd consider relaxing.
Anyone who says that Kavanaugh is a good man.  For     the sake of God's TRUTH, please do research the facts about this Pope/Jesuit Disciple, Brett Kavan-ooh.  Dig    deeply and find the pattern -- the trend how he used his   judicial knowledge.  They were all for the favored Elite Oligarchs and Corporatists.  How Kavanaugh was a puppet to America's Masters of the NWO: the Bushes!  Or you are not of the Truth because you do not hear the voice of God.  Do you have personal relationship with our Lord Jesus Christ?  +++  Examine yourself.  Naive, gullible? +++
Dont Republicans relish in doing what the majority doesnt want
God the left is so racist now!
"Until recent years????"  Thats y america is messed up. Theres still no such thing as womens rights in Texas... So on and so forth... Smh.
We would like to see all the documents as well! The documents from the Clinton investigation Strock, Carter Page FISA documents etc. Lets go!
Poor LIBS.. their textbook only consists of 1) CRYING 2) Protests 3) Shout "Muh Russia" 4) Impeach -- and then More Crying. HAHAHA
Liberal feminism is a joke
Think he is a wise man
Good chat Senator Grassley
GRASSLEY IS OLD AS DIRT! Protest is American, but old white privileged men telling women to shut up is not! There are no mobs, just women deserving to be heard!
Lets investigate Nancy Pelosi and make them records public!
Why is it that only the repugnants oops meant republicans are the only ones whoare the heroes no matter what. They lie, they cheat, they steal, and they are hypocritical ass clown one and all. Nov 6th vote all republicans out then impeach and imprison trump and arrest and jail his entire criminal family. Also. impeach kavanaugh and try him as a rapist.
Roe v Wade should be overturned but not by the Supreme Court--by congress. The same is true of many other Supreme Court rulings.  Every ruling which changed practices that had been considered constitutional for almost two centuries in our nation to be unconstitutional and vice versa.
There are only two legitimate ways to change the laws and principles that govern our nation. An amendment to the Constitution: A bill voted into law by congress. If the Supreme Court can change the Constitution or a law by a 5-4 vote, the Constitution becomes a meaningless document and our legal system has no stability.
If the majority of nine unelected officials have the final uncontestable say on the laws and policies that govern our nation, we are not a constitutional republic, we are an oligarchy.

Thomas Jefferson said as much.
"You seem to consider the judges as the ultimate arbiters of all constitutional questions; a very dangerous doctrine indeed and one which would place us under the despotism of an oligarchy. The Constitution has erected no such single tribunal knowing that to whatever hands confided, with corruptions of time and party, its members would become despots." Sept 28, 1820 letter to William Jarvis.

James Madison also said this was an indefensible practice.
"As the courts are generally the last in making the decision [on laws] it results to them, by refusing or not refusing to execute a law, to stamp it with its final character. This makes the Judiciary department paramount in fact to the Legislature WHICH WAS NEVER INTENDED AND CAN NEVER BE PROPER." Oct15, 1788
We have a government of checks and balances. Congress limits the power of the executive branch, the executive branch limits the power of congress.  Unfortunately the only thing that limits the power of the Judiciary is the courts themselves.
Until this is changed we will have a contentious and divided nation.
A two thirds majority vote in both houses of congress should enable congress to set aside Supreme Court decisions. This can be done by congress passing a law or by an amendment to the Constitution.  When one studies the founding of our nation it becomes obvious our founders intended for congress to be the most powerful branch of our government. This is because it is the only branch that has all its members elected by the people. In a government of, by and for the people, for congress not to be the most powerful branch is completely illogical.
Presently congress is subservient to both the judicial and executive branch and that has brought a lot of problems to our nation.

"The germ of dissolution of our federal government is in the constitution of the federal judiciary."  Thomas Jefferson.
republican women are hot!
Crusty old blowhard.
She is so pretty.
Its time to move on and get down to business
If the political process is not fixed by the people in office, the people will fix it.
Dims are only helping to unify and strengthen the Republican party with their relentless attacks. The politicians are responding and the voters are responding. They've poked the hornets nest too many times and that only brings trouble on the one with the stick. November will prove this. Vote Republican and get these disgusting Dims out of office. 
Will be the end of the democrat party as they are all perp walked to guantonomo
SENATOR GRASSLEY YOU DID A FANTASTIC JOB.  THE LEFT NO LONGER IS SIGNIFICANT.  THE AGENDA OF THE LEFT IS UNAMERICAN.  SENATOR GRASSLEY I BELIEVE YOU WILL ENCOURAGE FURTHER INVESTIGATIONS INTO THE CREDIBILITY OF THOSE ON THE LEFT WHO WERE BEHIND THIS OUTRAGEOUS SLANDEROUS SPECTICAL.  THESE PEOPLE  NEED TO BE BROUGHT TO JUSTICE.  U ALL ARE GIVING BLASEY FORD A PASS.  WHY BECAUSE SHE IS A CIA OPERATIVE AND IS HER ENTIRE FAMILY.  AS WITH OBAMA AND THE REST..
FREE PASS ..FREE PASS ...SENATOR GRASSLEY THANK YOU FOR COURAGE AND STANDING UP TO LEFT.  THIS IS ALL APART OF THE COUP AGAINST AMERICA..
IT IS NOT JUST AGAINST POTUS.  THE DEEP STATE AND BUDH/CLINTON CRIME SYNDICATE IS STILL AT WORK..AMERICANS ARE BEING PLAYED FOR FOOLS...SOROS'S MACHINES BEST BE DOWN IN FLORIDA, OHIO..THE MID WEST..WHERE EVER. PATRIOTS SAVE AMERICA VOTE RED  NOV 6.
They can't impeach Trump or Kavanaugh. It takes a 2/3 majority in the Senate to impeach anyone. They would never get that.
Does no one else think that Grassley looks like an angry old scarecrow?
Grassleys the man. Democrats are as dumb as a post.
Why the hell should Kavanaugh thank the Democrats?  What a stupid question.  Would you thank the people who tried to ruin your life?
What a feckless cuck. He shouldn't have allowed that ridiculous hearing.
he thanked the people who voted yes for him, why would he thank the people who voted against him?
God bless, Senator Grassely.
This whole fiasco played out many times before in history....including the crucifixion of Jesus Christ.
Grassley is so old, like really , probably he can only get hard when playing Brett's devils triangle.
Just before every civil war in history, an evil wind has consumed the hearts and souls of of people, causing them to disregard human life and decency. I see that evil wind moving among us now.
gotta say mr Grassley is a gentleman,  and how he held all this together and kept is cool is amazing, i could of had a melt down lol x
Iowa has a great Governor... Senator Grassley represents.
Another important point to be considered about impeachment a sitting supreme court justice..in this case Kavanaugh..
    Democrats will have to wait until at least Jan. 2025 before this can happen..Trump will be in power and so will the Republican congress until that time..
   And even if a crime could ne connected to kavanaugh..just like a sitting president of the United states..its the same impeachment procedure and if by some chance its smooth and goes through quickly..maybe maybe 5 years..
   So all the republican current supreme court justices including kavanaugh if the Democrats wanted them impeached...the best case scenario for  even the first supreme court justice to be removed at best would be Jan. 2030..and then min. 5 years for each one after and thats with all the evidence in place..
    So its a pipe dream for Democrats and meanwhile they all keep losing elections and their numbers are dwindling to zero...
2 Door Ford was not credible. I wish you fucks would quit handling her allegations with kid gloves. You're worried about the optics of going after a "survivor" and that is why she will not pay for her crimes.
Well, we impeached a President for lying under oath. 

Only lied about ONE THING, but one thing is enough.

Kavanope lied several times.
You got to love Kavanaugh's when he grins if you look at the corner you see he's got a little sadistic there rub that salt into that open wound lol
My question is when did the Democrats decide that their goal was to become Nazis. Their ideology matches up perfectly with Adolph Hitlers. The Nazis had no proof of wrong doing by the Jews and yet they were persecuted. It started with taking their jobs then they destroyed their lives. What the Democrats did to Judge Kavanaugh was EXACTLY how the Nazis first treated the Jews. Then the Nazis spiraled down just as the Democrats and their Zombie Reich are doing.
it's ok to think differently, but this is not the problem with Libs. They don't think at all; they are just being violent and act like Nazis cause they want to be in control.
May they never get power!
** Protect The women **  This man is wise.........       34
Love Grassley.
Everyone knows impeaching him isn't legit. The job is to slow him down..
wow, what a sound mind, clear and interesting interview ... who knew an old white guy could be so decent?  MAGA2020!!!
I don't know who does the close captioning in these videos but they never convey correctly the words spoken  this needs fixing it Sucks
Dr.  Hillary Ford?  Seems synonymous
I believe we should hand an indictment document to Pelosi for the Visa stock fraud she perpetrated years ago.
Patriots will when
Grrrr. Ass Lee  has been there so long, he still believes that there is no communist infiltration. The only "grassroots" that exist any longer, are the ones from his ass to his chair in the senate.....
Pelosi is right just wrong battle
Women should be in the kitchen!! 
Make sure to get out and vote RED in November.
No because the dems were complete jerks
Democratic Party is the more lethal ISIS terrorist group.
Pelosi wants documents? Sure, right after she hands over all of Obama's and Hillary's and James Comey's and Huma Abedin's documents to us.
fetus can feel pain from the time it becomes a fetus and called as fetus.
And we the people have to sit back and listen to this crap everyday when we should be going down en masse to Washington DC and run everybody out of town
Imagine the gnashing of teeth if Republicans responded to these threats by initiating investigations into the liberal justices to fish for impeachable offenses.
I figured it out... we are being tested. probably other planets involved, and we are running out of time. Best that we figure  out what to do.
Kavanaigh thanked Joe Manchin by name. Hes a Democrat. Correction needed,
I love Grassley, but hes wrong about Ford and the MeToo movement. All those people do is cause destruction and chaos and false allegations. MeToo and Ford are cancers to the sexual assault awareness movement.
Why are the leftist so racist....the color of a man skin and his age is all that matters!!! Lord help them to stop being so narrow minded. MAGA2020
Democrats a disaster
How about putting Ford on trial for perjury and a complete investigation into this area.
Dems acted like bunch of noobs
When did the Republican Party become a sexual predator protection network?
The left will have to hide if they try to impeach the judge or the President. WERE NOT PLAYING ANYMORE..
PROUD of YOU Grassley! Morals and integrity all the way
I am embarrassed to have Harris and Feinstein as my Senators.
Booker is an idiot
Powell is not sure, the orange clown can be a moral leader. Really?  What gave him the first clue? Admitting to groping women, praising Nazi`s, or kidnapping kids?
sad that all they doing right now is just trying to find out how to get rid of them all for 2020 but nothing about what they gonna do that they think is gonna be better for the country if there on the seats
There is no such thing as white guilt,
What does it say about the people who put Booker in office they most are dumber then he is.
Trump 2020
A MUST WATCH PATRIOTS :
AMERICAN LIFE IN 1957....
HERE ON YOUTUBE ....
A REMINDER OF WHY WE MUST VOTE OUT EVERY DEMON RAT SOCIALIST LOVING /sharia loving POLITICIAN !!!!
Those millions and millions of votes were counted at least twice because Florida law required that to happen. Then Al Gore sued for it to happen again, and Bush still won. It was a cycle of Democrats trying to recount votes only in Democrat controlled counties and they wanted to do that until the vote finally went their way. After probably seven times Bush had still won. That's what the Supreme Court put a stop to. 

The reason why civility was the norm during the Clinton administration is because Republicans don't play the same dirty tricks that Democrats do.
GRASSLEY IS AWESOME!
Killing babies in the womb is not in the purview of man. This is God's domain, and many people are going to find out God's wrath whether they are alive or dead.
2/3 Senate required impeach. It wont happen.
Do you think these DemWit/leftist and their media are the biggest THREAT in American history ???
Senator Grassley made a lot of interesting comments in this video. Ironic that the one about impeachment is the one that was chosen as the title of this video lol...
demacrates need to be in prison for enciting civil unrest
Grassley....what a scumbag.
With Kavanaugh on the Supreme Court over half of the country doesn't regard the Supreme Court as a legitimate institution any more.
A democrat will never stand up to that line of questioning.
Bipartisan with Democrats means to participate in anarchy. There should be no working together with Democrats, they are against rule of law and common sense.
Am I the only one imaging Grassley and Feinstein as the perfect Mayor and Mrs. Shinn in The Music Man?  I probably am.
The American people like a good put on. The wrestlers from the WWE act better that this.
You can not IMPEACH a Judge.  Moron.
HAHAHAHAHAHA!!!!!
Impeachment. Another joke from the Left. What a pack of useless turds.
These Dems bad mouth dictators like Putin  because he supposedly throws elections to self-serve him. Hello everything is "impeach" when they can't get there way ??? Isn't that short of a "Coup" in a free society where the people's vote counts ! Why aren't they arrested and charged with treason !!!!!
SJW Vocabulary

-Patriarchy
-White male surpremacist
-Impeach
-Refugees
...Brett's slobbering, whiny testimony will live on in history as the most embarrassing video ever taken of a supreme Court Justice. Thanks Grassley...lol
Excellent Job Senator Grassley! However.....if there is an opening and we can RAM another conservative through.....sorry Charley.....someone else can head up the council.  I nominate Lindsay Graham! Lol My gosh I never thought I would be in support of Lindsay Graham and Mitch McConnel.....nor would I have in a MILLION years DREAMED I would be liking Kanye West over Taylor Swift! Oh how the Trump train shakes things up!!!! MAGA!!!!!!
Grassley's one of those Senators that when he speaks, it's wise to listen.
 took longer by three r four weeks. Now THAT was unwise. Justice delayed is justice denied, Grassley.
This is not correct Kavanaugh specifically thanked Joe Manchin for his vote
Chuck Grassley is old school the best kinda senator he reminds me of the old guy whose wife dies in cucoon the film lol
Its not Judge Kavanaugh anymore.  Its "Justice Kavanaugh."
Such a garbage no logical point
I have no hope
WE ARE COMING FOR ALL YOU WHITE ENTITLED OLD RICH GOOD OLD BOYS CLUB...WOMEN ARE COMING IN NOVEMBER
I wish people would listen to Mr. Grassley with their screen blank, and his voice manipulated like a witness in protection. Then let's take a street poll.
Real talk
McCallum is such a dumbass, this country desperately needs an ENEMA/PURGE
Kavanaugh belongs on the court.  People used to think Supreme Court Judges were beyond partisan politics.  Nobody would dare say that, now.  Show that group of hack lawyers for what they are.  Kavanaugh is a prick, but he fits right in with the rest of them.
Justice Kavanaugh spoke the truth, something dems/libs/lefty don't understand. Congrats to Justice Kavanaugh!!!
Well, so that's why dems would not ever win again! Never!
Impeach him for what?
No need to impeach him. He has lawsuits pending, primarily for perjury.
The Dems are upset because we are making the judicial branch Republican and blocked the Garland for a year. We going to take over reproductive Rights next, so start crying Dems.
I wanna bust this guy in the face with a baseball bat!
So when are we going to see Ford go to jail?
Hell yeah- F U DEMS
They dont have the votes. Nor near close
Now they want to impeach him? Is that the answer to anyone you dont want?
Trump: IMPEACH!
Its was unwise for the craven GOP goblins to appoint a judge who can be impeached because he lied throughout the hearings and demonstrated that he lacks the required temperament for the job.
What is required to impeach / remove a judge?   First the House needs to bring charges by a majority.  To remove, the Senate needs have a 2/3ds majority.  That aint gonna happen.  If this continues, some people are going to die!
Democrats hate America and Americans.  Prove me wrong. 
declassify the documents
Grassley says "MeToo" is good. And Blasey-Ford "brought credibility." And this is a leading Republican...wow.
Vote my Republican friends, dont let the mid- term fall into the hands of the demented democrats, please vote. Too much at stake, the job is not finished, keep up the good work.
Of course he should thank the Dirty Dems and their media pals for trying to crucify him in front of his wife and daughters in a disguting attempt to convince the American public he is a serial gang rapist. Thanks a bunch you dirty bastards.
Justices on the SCOTUS can get impeached?
Trump divides us by calling all democrats obstructionist.  He divides us when he supports those who molest women. He divides us when he molests women and even admits to it on TV.  He's destroying trade in this country.  Our stock markets have gone down the last year by a lot. He has no understanding of his job, his staff has to pull papers off his desk to keep him from making a stupid decision. 

He is now giving Miranda rights to terrorists. He's attacking our FBI and intelligence agencies at every turn for doing their jobs. He fires anyone who criticizes him and belittles anyone who criticizes him in general (typically on twitter). He's dismissed Russian interference. He won't condemn the Alt-right or even the KKK.   He thinks there is such thing as "Clean Coal" and denies climate change even though it's been proven by hundreds of scientists in the field of weather. He makes every single issue about him, he thinks John McCain who was captured isn't a hero and prefers those who weren't' captured

He engages is corrupt business dealings which he ends up not paying contractors for good work. He got in trouble for only selling his apartments to white families and discriminating against those of color even when both families had equal qualifications. When is Mexico paying for the wall?  He lies about the UN, yes the USA pays the most into the UN  BUT if you look at total GDP other countries pay more than the USA.  He dismantled enviormental regulations.  Messing up the affordable care act but had no replacment system or even changed any laws.  Has lied more than any president in history.  Can't hire good staff to save his life. All tax breaks for middle class expire but upper classes tax breaks never expire (doesn't seem fair). Puts a travel ban when we're a country built on immigrants.

Maybe you don't agree with some of these claims and that's probably fair, but how can you support him? Why can't the republican party bring anyone better?
Great Man for the Job. May God protect and keep him safe!
Grassley should have never let it get this far
Martha MaCallum would be a better fit at CNN.
Martha the shill
Trump 2020.
Ford credible?!?  She's as credible as automaker Ford's Edsel.
Impeach and you will see the Devil Dogs
Apparently colleges are wanting to make that Ford woman who accused him some hero/icon.
All the left has are sluts and fakers.
Also of course women don't want a part of real work.
That's why STEM is failing. That's BIOLOGY for you.
I'm not American but I'm glad Kavanaugh got through. Not because of Politics but because it would set a dangerous example if a baseless alegation from decades ago where not even place or date are know would have cost him the job. Nobody would have been safe after that and I think the majority realizes that and it will backfire for Democrats
@3:00 Tell me ONE thing he should have thanked the democrats for?
State PROPAGANDA
The bums lost, Lebowski.
Vote. If you all do one thing, vote. Do not think that we can sit this one out.
WHATS UP CHUCK...
Well the Democrats STICK together!We cant keep trying to stop the boat from rocking while the Dems keep whipping the 
Be proud of being Americans.....absolutely
Impeach him for what exactly????
This is from a 30 year Democrat MAGA vote out the parasites along with their propaganda machine.
You are watching the collapse of the democratic party.  They can't stand not having power and are now completely deranged.
As he said we're all Americans that's how I see it we are all Americans but the Democrats with the identity politics try to separate surrogate us that's the problem we need to reject identity politics is a cancer to society. Identity politics divide and conquer political correctness silencing of free speech reject these
How do we impeach Ass Grassley?
Traitor Trump "The GREAT DIVIDER"   This man thrives on Americans fighting each other.
This is not about Roe V Wade. It's about stopping open borders. The governor of California has opened the borders to let illegal's in to get the power of their vote. But the court is saying only the President can set immigration policy. So if the DNC keeps control of the courts, they can keep the power faucet flowing.
There should be a heavy punishment for those women who falsely accuse men. Women of bitterness have turned womanhood into a nuclear weapon! They must face a severe punishment for their actions.
"Now that we have technology that shows that there's a baby that feels pain, this might change things" Well maybe they should have thought that was possible before they slaughtered millions of babies with vacuums and surgical tools into the third trimester! They frigging knew they were formed and felt pain!
Funny how the voice of reason is always on the right, always.
HARRIS and BOOKER are ANTI AMERICAN!!!! They are pushing the Demacratic PLAYBOOK to the EXTREME LEFT!!!! Their goal is to SEPARATE the American people and turn us against the police!!!!
If it's not Abolish temporarily inconvenient parts of the constitution it's impeach -_- and on what grounds I can't wait to hear.
The brutal way the republicans have been playing dirty politics should be returned by the democrats to play the same game to level the field.  The Kavanaugh hearing was not though or fair in anyway, the republicans ramrodded the whole process no matter what was found about Kavanaugh.
keep Grassley safe. pls give him a security detail
Martha is a Lovely Woman.
Just Sayin...........
Hey, if Democrats choose to deny science in favor of torturing unborn babies ...
TRUMP VOLGER DISPLAY OF POWER . Us rednecks /hillbillys love it . TRUMP POWER .
I'd say let them (the Democrats) shoot themselves in the foot.
As the head is, so will the body be. As the leaders are , so will the people be.
Dem O trash are sure Afraid  of Kavanaough
Fox is slipping to the left!
Resistaunce! Resistaunce! Grassley, raspy voice and all, hit a grand slam with this interview. Glad your up there Grassley!
I like Grassley I really do ...BUT...any congressperson that says I have been here over 40 years needs to go home.
Senator Grassley, Senator Collins scared the dems by her intelligent, impassioned speech. It is hard for the dems to listen to facts and good heavens no evidence does not work for them. Bernie Sanders gave a speech on the new world order. I watched it on GOP WAR ROOM. He scared the crap out of me with the words that came out of his mouth. VOTE MAGA!!!
I wish republicans would quit saying that she was credible she lied numerous times she was not credible they should stop being poetically correct
Democrats are a lie.  Their ideology is a lie.  The truth is they want a global dictatorship.  And the more extreme they get the more Americans will stand up to fight back and vote NO
Not wise, but by all means, Democrats, do tell us what you have in mind, don't hold back, we need to know.
Why would they bother to seek an impeachment of Kavanaugh when they have absolutely ZERO CHANCE of actually removing him? Go ahead. Give it your best shot. Try to impeach him. See what happens. It is just becoming too easy to call on the Democrats lazy bluffs
The only ones that will be impeached is when we impeach the Democrats at the next election.
because if you can't feel pain it's fine if you're killed?
Very very very important for every American that loves our country to go out and vote Republican this November 2018.
Impeach drumphf and the kavaperv
Kavanaugh thanked the Dem Senator from West Virginia (Im drawing a blank on his name for some reason). I know he voted for Kavanaugh, but he is a Democrat, and Kavanaugh did specifically thank him by name.
Why is Dems & their comrades so desperate to impeach Kavanaugh?  They tried to impeach Mr. Trump in the aftermath of election just like this.  It seems they are fearful of something that we the public are unware of.
Only those with a racist bent of mind complain about racism!
How in the hell can you impeach (fire) some one who just started his job? These Demonicrats have lost the minds. Time for the FEMA camps to open up. Military Tribunals guaranteed.
Democrats today:
They come with fire! They come with axes! Gnawing, biting, breaking, hacking, burning!! Destroyers and usurpers, CURSE THEM!!
Another Civil War????? Good grief this is so much drama.  When did the civil war start?  I've been at work all day. These people have way too much time on their hands. Get a job or something.....just saying
What does it matter where you're from? Your nationality and the colour of your skin is the least interesting thing about you.
9:54 who's f...f...?
Democrats use impeach to soothe their voters
Thank you for your service to our nation Sen. Grassley.
Pray for Kavanaugh and his family.Keep them safe...
Friends, we have a serious danger on the horizon. The left will escalate the violence no matter the outcome of the midterm.
If they win, they will be emboldened. If they lose, they will lash out violently. The media and the masters have been clear- lash out at white people. White people are to blame for everything. 
Arm yourselves and protect your family, your community, and our great country.
Did she call him a gecko
Impeach Kavanaugh !!! Democrats may not win but that will be a HUGE stain as the 2nd Justice to be Impeached
Please , somebody shoot that pernicious horrible jackass. He poops on everyone
Grass roots my ass. More like weeds from a foreign shore.
Justice Cavanaugh should get all of them impiched He's the law now day can't make the law.
I have never seen such diabolical, ruthless, vitriolic behavior from the party of tolerance, compassion and peace.
"I want to remind everyone: between 1789 and about 2001, there were no filibusters.  Then Schumer gave this famous speech....."

It should becoming increasingly clear how all this chaos and dysfunction that we are witnessing is very, very Jewish.  Either in literal form, or figurative fashion.  Over 200 years of procedural, good-faith tradition?  Trashed.  Nadler running on impeachment?  All this chaos and dysfunction we are witnessing is jewish engineered.  The DNC under ideological  and behavioral control of jews is a very ugly thing.  Their jewish allies in media and academia have promulgated anti-white bigorty (under the phony guise of serious sociopolitical critical analysis.  Please.....) to go along with it all.  This racism is now socially acceptable.  You can see it.

"Look at the way they treated Bork, yes.  Look at the way they treated Thomas, yes, but then there was a period of time, during the 1990s, when there seemed to be common sense prevailed.  And Ginsburg, and Breyer were approved almost unanimously" says Grassley.  Well yeah, geeze, I wonder why.

If jews don't get what they want on a consistent basis, they intend to plunge this country into civil war.  It should really be coming into a focus for Americans, and give some of us a new persepetive on history perhaps.  It's their way or no USA.
I AM SPARTACUM
Gotta to be proud of Grassley. For his stand in the face of ignorance.
He lied to Congress, lets see how that plays out.
There is nothing bi-partisan about Congress or what the Republicans did during this hearing.
I only hear white women saying "old white men"....does that mean they hate their dads n grandfathers?
Ever since I lived in Iowa, when I was still a Democrat, I always had a lot of respect and admiration for this fair and reasonable man. Parties aside, we need more people like him in government, I think.
That news anchor is gorgeous
How about we worry about getting the BEST PERSON for the job and NOT about what their skin color or gender is?  This DIVERSITY crap is contributing to the decay of our country!!!
Kavanaught would never have taken the job if he knew there was a chance of impeachment. Empty talk. Leftist hysteria.
You can forget that Senator Grassley. The dems don't care about the Constitution/the law. Ideology is the ONLY thing they care about. And leftist ideology at that.
These leftist keep pushing the 2nd will eventually come into play.
Grassley did great!
I don't understand why so many people seem to think that Dr. Ford was credible. She seemed to me to be an actor, faking and putting on the trembley  voice and acting as though her entire world was turned upside down. Perhaps she had been the target of sexual abuse by someone, but her entire demeanor seemed to me to be put on and false.
AND they are still digging around...and they will continue to dig around b/c that is what dogs do.
I think Impeaching Brett Kavanaugh is big mistake
I think we should impeach the Dems.  They way they acted was anti American....
Call this interview 'Grassley on the Grassroots.'
George Soros needs to be stopped
Get Soros' minions  out of our political process.
Fact;  For every action is an equal and opposite reaction. (Newton's Law)
If you want a Judge to be sympathetic to your cause, don't assassinate his character and try to ruin his life.
Don't blame Kavanaugh for not thanking Democrat Senators.
What do these people expect?
The dems used Roe vs Wade as an excuse. The truth is that they didn't want a conservative on the court b/c it's a lifetime appointment and they were desperate to tilt the court left, hung their hopes on Hillary and when she lost they knew it was over. The fate of the court is sealed and that is why they will attempt to impeach Kavannaugh.
Senator Grassley you are awesome 
UGH White dudes. smh
He perjured himself repeatedly to the Senate.  He must be impeached.
Grassley: "I see your 3 million and raise you 3 mil"

Straight BOSS!!!
Young democrats probably have never given this old guy a chance. Sure, you may differ in some core issues but if you can't sit down and realize you're dealing with a smart, sharp older man that you might be able to learn something from.....then you're really just not being honest with yourself and reality.
Grassley ANOTHER FLAMING DRAMA QUEEN coming out from the GOP. I tough the GOP were not tolerant of p v $ $ ies ( ooppps Sorry)  I meant LGTB community ).
We will never forget Merrick Garland. Democrats should pack the Supreme Court, give statehood to DC, split California into 3 progressives giving the Senate 9 dem senators.
I really don't understand how the Demorats get the idea that they can run and posses the USA AND the people just because they have their sickos, unemployed workers doing a bunch of yelling.  Do they ever sleep?
Proud Iowan here! Well done Chuck!
There should be a new American law that says any unborn human fetus in America has a constitutional right to life
He cant be impeached!  The only way they can get him out of office,  if he dies or resien! If they wanted him not to be a judge, is not let him become a judge in the first place ! Look it up ! Dems are full of sh*t!
Democrat party, Hollywood and the media are the enemy of freedom and America!!!
Dems are not capable of wisdom so yeah, if it's not wise, they'll be there with bells on.
Hes a fair good man.
7:20. He really made his feelings known. Good man!
Excellent interview.
Ive seen this before!!!! 1920s & 1930s....
Hitlers Brown Shirts and Italys Mussolinis Black Shirts..... Anti Fascist My Ass... its straight out of its play book!!!!
The Living dead! Old man should have been forced into Retirement long ago.
For 85 years old, he is amazing! God bless him!
Kavannaugh should only thank the dems who voted to confirm him. The rest, heck no.
NOT. WISE.
Saying Dr. Ford brought credulity is disingenuous.
It was "unwise" to ram through Kavanaugh's confirmation  Mr Grassley.   Your obstruction of Merrick Garland and power grab with Kavanaugh is the extreme partisanship that is gridlocking the country.  Republicans are still butthurt that Obama won two elections and have refused to compromise for 10 straight years.
LISTEN DEMONcrats, WE THE PEOPLE are done putting up with your SH*T, Walk lightly Liberals you're in dangerous territory...
The dems are like children, spoiled children but worse. Their behavior is beyond the pale. They are like ravening wolves seeking whom they may devour. WE MUST keep both houses and stop them cold. They will keep this up. Why? B/c that is the way crazy works. Crazy is as crazy does.
Why Grassley keeps calling her as Dr. Ford and credible? First she is not licensed in California and she is just a Professor. Second, she was not credible. She didnt remember anything, so how can she be credible? What she did was to baby-talk, look stupid and suffering for nothing.
I can't stand Democrats....  Their thought processes are so alien.
Dr Ford and the Me Too movement brought credibility? Ohh man.
Oh well FAUXNEWS and these spineless"Republicans".
There can be no dialogue with these Communists. 
None.
Ford is not credible. Do not get fooled.
Grassly not wise.
Harris and booker have no class.they are just ghetto rats,nothing more
Grassley is weak! Make abortion illegal
Grassley was weak and nearly mucked up the whole thing. The Ford allegations were preposterous in the first place and should never have been entertained but Grassley allowed it.  Only by the grace of God were the Dems unsuccessful in derailing Kavanaugh. Grassley is way too old to be where he is.
2001 = when the USA was ATTACKED by the alliey - Israel ...911 truth will drain the swamp.
YES ITS CALLED CIVIL WAR 2
1981....wtf retire mutherfukr...fukn leaches i swear....term limits needed badly for these old hags!
There shouldn't be work toward making any committee more racially or sexually diverse. It should be a meritocracy.
let's pray to Jesus that traitor 5 time draft dodger porn banging tax cheat trump is thrown in prison..
let's pray to Jesus that traitor 5 time draft dodger porn banging tax cheat trump is thrown in prison..
Draft dodging Trump threatened to have a Vietnam Veteran locked up for asking for spare change at Trump Tower  ! Eric Trump pilfered money from charities for children with cancer. Trump cheats america out of 450 million in inheritance taxes. New evidence appearing with Trumps ties to Alpha Bank of Russia during 2015-2016 election cycle. Mitch McConnell and Lindsey Graham , Marco Rubio and many others in the GOP took money from Russian Oligarchs directly tied to Putin. McConnell knew about the hacking of our elections and  refused to inform the american people. Trumps campaign were targeting Ted Cruz during the republikkkan presidential debates.  Republikkkans threaten to drastically cut Social Security, Medicare and Medicaid after the midterms. They want eliminate healthcare for pre-existing conditions .
Ford lied.  That is the truth.
Why is no one talking about the Pelosi wrap up smear video
fox us garbage
Feinstein wants 7th FBI investigation sealed.
How can you Impeach when there's something in FBI report they want hidden?
The ones who needs to be impeached are Frankenstein, booger , hiroshima and the other perps.
You can care for women rights and not be a feminist. Feminism has hidden ideological baggage that they don't tell people till after.
Liberals are npcs
I like Grassley, he talks like my grandparents. Actually most old people talk like that. Well I guess I just like old people.
Let them try! They will open up something that they dont want!
More BS from RINOS
Porn world lol
Grassley is such a good man.
Grassley was a brilliant Chess Master   moving from judicial committee confirming  vote to Move to Senate. One of the most exciting moments in the whole process.
God bless the usa
We are not talking about the wrap up smear enough.
More Grassley please! He's awesome
Wow look at Trump on his ass kissing tour! Amazing.
We need checks and balances to stop the corruption in our goverment, for nearly two years now these republikkkans have licked Trumps boots and kissed his ass to help in covering up his crimes against humanity and his crimes against the people of our country. Vote the ass kissers out !!!
Go Grassy! U DA MAN!
Not wise, Boo hoo
This chick seems like she wants a divided country with her one sided questions. Let's move forward
The Dems underestimated Chairman Grassley. Good for us.
Trump warned us... We would all be tired of all the winning......






I'm not tho.
They are LIARS
THEY'VE TAKEN UR HEALTH CARE, THEY'VE TAKEN UR SOCIAL SECURITY RETIREMENT, THEIR TAKING UR MEDICARE AND MEDICAID, WHILE ENRICHING THEMSELVES AND THEIR WEALTHY FRIENDS, WITH UR MONEY, U'LL NEVER LEARN!!!  DRAIN THE GOP SWAMP AND STENCH FROM D.C.
God Bless Senator Grassley! Thank you for you did, do and will do for Americans.
Since when were dems EVER wise???
Impeach for what?? 
For a crime with no corroborating evidence??
LIES ARE NOT evidence , do
CORNYN * GRASSLEY * MCCONNELL * MCCARTHY * RYAN * TRUMP
ALL GOP PUPPETS TO THE WEALTHY
ALLEGATIONS  ARE  NOT  EVIDEnCE, idiot
why are we having this conversation, the democrats are not interested in compromise, so let's move on, but if a fight is what they want then bring it, we will be standing tall!
STOP TALKING about the Arrests ..... DO IT NOW !!!!    It's time for SOME HEADS TO ROLL !!!
Democrats cry fool. They will never do anything which they wish
THE GREATEST PATHOLOGICAL LIAR, THE LIKES THE WORLD HAS EVER SEEN
Nothing was revealed, you idiot. They were ALL LIES
Speaking to reporters No wait make sure you tell her the rules 
Im not sure I understand why Grassly thinks Shumer poisoned the well but its ok for HIM to choose to not vote on a nominee. That seems... Hypocritical?
Can you be proud to be white Sen. Grassley?
When does the uncivil war begin...
alot ov gerrys need to be sodomized...
Democrats should just declare Civil War as they did when they fought to KEEP the black man enslaved, only the next time, Republicans need to wipe every last one of them off the face of this country.
"YOU KNEW I WAS A SNAKE, B4 U TOOK ME IN"...DJT
PUPPET OF THE WEALTHY, SPECIAL INTEREST AND LOBBYISTS
"WE HAVE TONS OF MONEY, WAIT 4 IT, POURING I FROM RUSSIA"...ERIC TRUMP
PUPPET OF PUTIN
I love when Ben Shapiro called Cory Booker, "Mr. Potato Head". When he bulges his eyes out, he looks just like him!
What I find funny is they say Roe vs wade is settled law because it's been that way for 50 year or so but those same people say we need to over turn 2nd amendment witch has been settled law way longer than Roe vs wade. That rule cant apply to just one it has to apply to them all.
DUMP TRUMP.   VOTE BLUE THIS NOVEMBER.  SAVE OUR COUNTRY
Invest in coathangers. The drunkard frat boy punk is a quack.
AMERICANS WILL PAYA HEAVY, HEAVY PRICE FOR A FAR RIGHT WING COURT, OF COURSE THAT'S ONLY IF U UNDERSTAND POLITICS AND HAVE SOME SORT OF COMMON SENSE, HAS ANYSEEN THE HIGHLY UNEDUCATED BASKET OF DEPLORABLES?

HA HA HA * GOOD LUCK WITH KAVANOPE, LET ME KNOW WHEN HIS 1ST RULING IS AGAINST UR BEST INTEREST!
TRUMP IS DISGUSTING.  VOTE OUT THIS PIG.     AMERICA DESERVES BETTER
Kavanaugh will always be known as the Drunken Supreme Court Justice an aledged Rapist. Nothing more nothing less
let em impeach , then ford and all the other bs artist will have to provide actual verified proof and will be held accountable .
Doctor ford was lying
Facts

Men are 97% of combat fatalities

Men pay 97% of Alimony

Men make 94% of work suicides

Men make up of 93% work fatalities

Men make up of 83% of all war deaths

Men lose custody in 84% of divorces

80% of suicides are male

77% of homicide victims are male

89% of males will be the victim of at least one violent crime

Men are over twice as victimized by strangers than women

Men are 165% more likely to be convicted than women

Men get 63% longer sentences for the same crime than men

Court bias is at least 6 times higher than racial bias

Males are discriminated against more in schools and universities

Boys face vastly more corporal punishments than women

60-80% of the homeless are male

Womens cancer receives 15 times as much funding than male cancer

At least 10% of fathers are victims of paternity fraud

One third of all fathers in the USA have lost custody of children, most are expected to pay child support

50-70% of domestic violence is against men however less than 1% of domestic shelter space is for men

Men pay of 70% of income tax however the vast majority of public spending is on services for women

There is significantly more money spent on breast cancer than lung and prostate cancer when prostate and lung cancer has 3-4 times as many fatalities

A males chance of getting cancer is 44% and 23% of men will die from cancer. 38% of women get cancer, only 18% of them die 

Much more money is spent on womens cancer research, this is lethal discrimination.

These facts are never brought up by the media or feminists, instead they believe all men are evil rapists.
VOTE BLUE IN NOVEMBER!!!    VOTE OUT HATE
Vote out pathetic redudlicans.
The MOB must be stopped! Vote RED!
Ford was NOT credible. She is insulting and demeaning to real assault victims. I would love to see her investigated.
The Dems won't have anyone left in November to even attempt an impeached on Kavanaugh..  these Liberals have hurt themselves with this mess, everyone I know personally who were Democrats have switched to the Republican Party..  there's a red wave coming in Nov..
It wouldn't be no abortion issue if people took responsibility and made sure they don't get pregnant when they don't want to get pregnant.
MOST COURRUPT ADMINISTARTION IN U.S. POLITICAL HISTORY, MAKES NIXON AND "W" LOOK LIKE CHOIR BOYS!

SCANDAL AFTER SCANDAL, INVESTIGATION AFTER INVESTIGATION, THANK GOD FOR BOB MUELLER HOLDING THESE CROOKS ACCOUNTABLE!
Ford was NOT credible
Yes,  it's very odd Judge Kavanaugh didn't thank the Democrats during his swearing in ceremony. They reached out to him ( with a noose in their hands ).   Maybe he's planning on reaching out when their lunatic court cases come before him.
Americans First........yes
I remember justice Kavanaugh saying "and thank you to all senators who carefully considered my appointment"
RID THE FILTH AND DRAIN THE SWAMP IN NOVEMBER, BLUE TIDAL WAVE!
Collins what a amazing women you for staying up for what's right ty.
Stupid question you asked. Was Kavanaugh supposed to thank the people that smeared him?
P*rn World
THANKD GOD FOR THE DEEP STATE, EXPOSING THE LIES FROM THE RIGHT, THE PARTY THAT CLAIMED THEY WERE THE PARTY OF JOBS AND FAMILIES HAS BEEN A RUSE, DEMS HAVE CREATED 2X THE # OF JOBS, IN 8 LESS YEARS, GOING BACK 5 DECADES, MINIUMUM WAGE SHOULD BE $23 HOURTO ADJUST FOR INFLATION, THE GOP HAS SUPPRESSED UR WAGES FOR MORE THEN TWO DECADES, WHILE ENRICHING THEMSELVES AND THEIR WEALTHY FRIENDS!  RID THE FILTH
Dr Ford did not "bring credibility", just the opposite. She brought BS. What a maroon
I don't believe a word Christine Ford said!
Grassley is a good example of why term limits should be imposed......and I'm conservative, but he is out of touch as well...
Grassley did great
At the end he said and thank all of the senators  Who evaluated him so he included everybody just didnt  name the democrats by name
Fake feminist? Yes. And now he will raise money to disprove that. He will support the women that supports men.
Christine Ford just walks away scot free enjoying Soro's money in the tropical islands. CRINGE !
I'm not American and I consider myself a liberalist.  There's a lot about american republican politics I don't like, but I'm pretty pissed at the democrats for attacking Collins.   Western societies must NOT treat accusations as fact.   And the ends do NOT justify the means.
I love that he stays neutral. You are a great soul.
Impeach Kavanaugh? For what, passing 8 FBI background checks including the Ford democrat scam. Why not impeach someone who deserves it like Waters, and or every other lying, cheating, scamming, democrat  POS out there.
Me no likey. Me wanna impeach you. 
Is it Martha?  Please Martha, she did not have a seminal experience, speech or whatever. In any case why did you did not say 'An Ovarian experience'. As  remember semen comes from males.
THE GOP PUPPETS GERRYMANDERED DISTRICTS TO CHEAT THE ELECTORAL COLLEGE, VOTED TO TAKE HEALTH CARE AWAY FROM PEOPLE WITH PRE-EXISTING CONDITIONS, CHILDREN WITH CANCER, DIABETICS, SENIOR'S, VETERAN'S, THE POOR, AND MIDDLE CLASS...THEY WANT TO TAKE U BACK TO THE DAYS OF THE FLINDDTONES WHERE U PAY OUTRAGEOUS AMOUNTS OF MONEY AND HAVE NO COVERAGE, SO THE COMAPANIES REAP THE BENEFITS AND KEEP THEM IN D.C.!!!
So professionally done Chairman Grassley; thank you sir. Blessings to you and Yours. 
Grateful Patriot:
It's ok to be conservative.
Grassley abuses children. That makes whatever he has to say IRRELEVANT AND WORTHLESS. Kavanaugh committed perjury and should be held legally accountable and be put in jail where any other red blooded America would be.
PAID SOROS LESBO DEMOCRAT PROTESTERS!
The dizzy dem's never learn. Now they want to impeach everyone but the local dog catcher.
A sure sign of desperation.
Hispano para Trump!
Admiralty fringe on the flag right over Grassleys right shoulder...
...??
MARTHA McCALLUM: WHAT THE HELL WOULD JUSTICE KAVANAUGH BE THANKING THE DEMOCRATS FOR???
FORD ,HER ATTORNEYS AND THE DEMOCRATS HAVE SET THE WOMENS MOVEMENT BACK 50 YEARS! HER OWN 3 WITNESSES SAID THAT SHE WAS LIEING!
Crazy to see how much damage just one or a couple of Democratic senators can do to the whole process.. Schumer, Feinstein, Pelosi.. Hell, the list is long.
You think it bad now just try it. The day that happens will bring catastrophic results the demonrats will need more than throwing rocks and water bottles..
It takes a two-thirds supermajority for the Senate to remove. I'm sorry Democrats but that ain't happening in this lifetime.
GOP PUPPETS TO THE WEALTHY, KEEP VOTING FOR THEM AND KEEP HANDING UR PAYCHECK OVER TO THEM!  THEY'VE TAKEN UR HEALTH CARE, SUPPRESSED UR WAGES, SUPPRESSED UR VOTING RIGHT'S, ATTACKED WOMEN'S RIGHT'S, ATTACKED INTERNET RIGHT'S, PUT 1000'S OF TAXES ON U.S. CITIZENS THRU TARIFFS, CARS SOARING $2K-$6K, FOOD PRICES SOARING, GAS PRICES SOARING, OBAMA HAD GAS AT $1.50!!!  VOTE THEM OUT!
Fake News keeps mentioning "The Protesters" like the whole building was surrounded for as far as the eyes could see.  It was about 20-30 Snowflakes in the door way. In reality they caused about as much trouble as a 3rd grade class on a field trip.
Don't aid feminists.  At the very core, feminists are evil.  And evil always eat their own.
COREY BOOKER IS AN ADMITTED SEXUAL ASSAULT PREDATOR! WHY ISNT HE IN PRISON?
before the dems seek impeachment of Kavanaugh, I believe the American tax people have the right to see how many of the sitting senators have used the tax payer funded slush fund that's used to pay off sexual harassment victims. they should think twice about this.
Chuck Grassley made me laugh when he told Cory Spartacus Booker how many times you going to say the same thing. That he said he broke the Senate rules Chuck Grassley said okay. How much time do you need
Only came here to say, Disbar*
Oh hell, the metoo movement is just a bunch of PMS women in George Soros' pocketbook.
Too much diversity in America and they want to change The Constitution. Thanks to Obama dividing the America people now they are attacking the old White men. Doesn't matter if old or young your are still white it is racist.
They keep saying Ford was credible.  Why?  She lied about fear of flying.  Her so called witnesses said they didn't know anything. Among other things.  That's not credible.
This man is a true American. To those of you on the left. Try to wrap your head around that.
Real men
The impeachment Demonuts wants it never will take place why? Bec American people are tired of same BS over and over from leftis theirs hatefulness tactis against trump didn't worked now same want do kavanaugh red waves coming on midterms and on 2020!
All these hate filled left wing liberals are welcome to start a country dividing war. Knives at a gunfight.
Hold the phone! Did she just say that Kavanaugh only thanked the Republicans? As if that was a BAD thing? Listen here lady, the only thing those Democrats deserve is a middle finger for obstruction of justice. Not to mention the orchistrated COUP DETAT of not only Brett, but also the president. NO, he dose NOT have to thank or recognize ANY Democrats in that matter.
Cory crooker stfu crybaby 
Ginsberg needs to be retired or impeached. Never Kavanaugh.
Smart man.
Grassley "avennery has a reputation in the porn world" love that coot.
USA LOVES GRASSLEY
Booker and Harris, do we really want Spartacus and a proven whore running America? Hell No
Demonrat vision is ALWAYS ((( DIE VISION )))
Thank you democrats for calling me a serial rapist, alcoholic, and evil ice thrower! YEAH, THATLL HAPPEN;)
Senator Collins gave a historical well thought fantastic speech! She needs to be applauded for it!
God bless Grassely!
Be smart..don't be like stupid people,VOTE R 
This is a real onorabla men
Ah hahaha! 
The Me Too movement is opening the can of rotten worms that the Clintons never expected.
Now The me too movement will be the initiative to go after the Washington PizzaGate conspirators. Hallelujah!
Nobody is going to impeach justice. The democrats arent planning for that. Its just a Trump self-fabricated story, an invented framework on which to trample the Democrats more.
First of all,there is nothing to impeach him on,second,they don't have the balls to try.
when standards are tried, and decorum strained, those who hold too shine, and you sir have shone.
Plus it's not possible.
Mr Grassley,  thank you for your loyalty. Thank you, dont retire
He shouldn t be on the Supreme court he is a liar. He lied under oath disgraceful  perjurer and felon
Thank You Chairman Grassley! You are one tough cookie and I am not even an American, but Canadian  brought up in the US from 4 to 13 years old.  I Thank You so very much for all that you have done to get Kavanaugh through! Bravo to you!
Got my voting papers in the mail today can't wait to vote Republican get these Demonrats out of office.
When are these dinosaurs gonna retire???
Eh hem, eh hem, clear your fvking throat, liar!!
Cant wait till some of these Dem politicians are prosecuted. 

All they care about is keeping their abortions, their weed, and their free handouts.
Ford allegation was a hoax, FBI report delves into that and Demonrats are not going to win unless mass illegal voting.
I'm happy to be Hispanic but I thank JESUS CHRIST I'm AMERICAN!!!!!!
HISPANICS FOR TRUMP 
Ford's Leftist Deep State handler, Monica McLean, needs to be investigated.
The left is not known for doing anything wise.
The American Citizens are United and Strong in restoring Our Great Nation vote Red.
Grassley is a class act.
They love the word impeach lol get over it Dems y'all lost and instead of trying to make things better y'all went apeshit nuts and hopefully will never be put in office again
Impeach him for lies.
Not sure why fox keeps calling these freaks protestors not unhinged rioters
Grassly, unless you investigate demoncraps and the whole cabal that worked with Ford, this is what we have to endure. It is your fault that you don't have the spine to open investigations. Ars kissing does not work.
The Globalist/no borders crowd are not "grass roots."

They are totalitarians and operate from the top down.
Which is exactly what is  missing in the entire Democrat party. wisdom is lessons learned and It just does not happen.
Don't feed the trolls:  
Don't respond to their stupidity.  Why are they even here on foxnews except to troll?  Simply don't respond.  

Troll : TDS soros paid trolls:
ofn69583 highburyAFCSoul 
rose goldCB John bongiovi
poetic aphorism. Timothy Ryan  Master ouya crazy clown  proud Californian Chris smith  I'm all out of bubble gum acab 2 chainz
Michelle StephensAnne Bennett Hillary Clinton mr Kim is America great againthe memovyr more frank king Hillary Clinton 
 Emancipated hostDonny pony
kakaroto  Patrick Gilmore Mae,,,Tiberius Jodie Holmes
KeyboyrecordsLawrence Torres
 John Winslowsun Sean Hong 
ursula moon p chan 
Oscar mont...game freak9 
cuekwe Jones dizolv
Octavio Rodriguez Christopher hamill 
Bytor 1001elvin ostrup
Christine Diaz Sheila Boyd
Roshan tapa Love of carnage Brad shores TrollPiefillingricky Jordan 
Money colorsheik yo-yo boyrc 
ur butthurtdexter Johnston 
rethinking religion sigmund Freud 
escape from ... music. quote the raven 


All infected with TDS and soros paid trolls.  Don't feed the trolls.
What do the Dems even do besides whining?
Ford bought credibility to the hearing???
The constitution indicates that impeachment requires a majority vote but conviction requires a super majority vote. Kavanaugh can only be removed by conviction and I doubt that a super majority will ever make that happen even if the leftist take control.
Shocking...dems crying.  Reminds me of 2016.  Same reactions.
The Party on the left has had one goal in mind and that was to over throw America and it's Constitution.I pray those that were key players in Washington will be PROSECUTED.
Well I have to give it to democrats.  Even when these three allegations fell apart they rode that ship right on down. When they spent half the day going over a SCOTUS nominees high school yearbook then I thought they had hit rock bottom.  Apparently they got out the excavator.  Will they impeach him over these three ridiculous allegations or will the ice throwing incident be the key.  Have they found some disturbing finger paintings he did in kindergarten?
You have to have 2/3 of the house and that will never happen
Well I didnt necessarily like the judge but now he is on the supreme court and I see no need to continue this battle. It was fought and like all battle, a side won. Leave it alone now
I like him.
Mr. Grassley seems like a very intelligent man. I bet he is fun to be around after a couple eggnogs during Christmas vacation. Thank you for keeping this circus in check Senator Grassley (Ringmaster of the Senate Judiciary Committee).
Good guy. Rightfully called out schumer. Rightfully pointed out that Rs will vote for a ginsburg, but not vice versa.
Whoops.. Almost forgot... And nor should anyone ever have to apologize for what gender they were born as. Man or woman. Give me a break.
Let's just impeach everyone the left doesn't like. I hope and pray people grow up.
He's a good man.
Go fund me should not he allowed to fund political agendas. If caught doing so, the money should be confiscated and those asking for the money should be jailed.
And after that... No one should ever have to apologize for their age either. How ridiculous. How racist and how prejudiced.
The period of common sense prevailing in the 1990s when almost unanimous appointments were Ginsberg and Breyer, both Democratic appointments. This means the Republicans were the opposition party. At no time since Bork have the Democrats allowed for appointments without making a circus.... thats the 1980s.
Dummycrats will do anything including harassing  people to get what they want. Most of these people who are pro
testing in the streets are a bunch of losers.
No one in this country should ever have to apologize for what color they were born as. White, black, brown, whatever. We are all Americans and we were born the color we were born. How horrible to think that anyone would condemn anyone for their color. I don't even know what to say. It's such a horrible thought.
Vote these reich-wingers out. Their uneducated, hillbilly supporters are holding the country back.
Yea, but democraps arent wise
Did he just commit to not processing another SCJ if Trump is still in office?
FOX news sucks you totally Blocked out President Trumps speech in IOWA !!!
Is Martha a liberal? She sounds like one.
Serious Respect for Chairman Grassley. A man with Character
Who is the guy with the hefty suit on at  with in the first few minutes!!!!!!!!
Stand strong chuck, we are all standing with you!
old White men???
Wait A Cotton Picking Minute
hopefully HEROIN KILLS you Loosers
I have to admit I was neither for, or against Senator Grassley, although I am a Conservative.  After this interview, I am totally onboard with Senator Grassley.  A great interview, and hopefully more people than myself learned a lot about Senator Grassley.
About as likely a chance as that of Swetnick's saga being true; besides, they don't have the votes.
Wise to impeach all you old farts.
The dems cant impeach him. It would take 2/3 Of the Senate to impeach Kavanaugh. Thats 66 senators of the 100. NEVER GOING TO HAPPEN.
Attention: 

The red wave has been upgraded to a red tsunami!!!!!!!!!!! 

Go out and vote for the betterment of humanity. 
Vote out violent leftist criminals.
MAGA!!!  Republicans get on board  or get  off at the first stop!!!!
Dems want to detroy the US. THE DEMS ARE TRASH!!!!!!!!
That very room is also in a recent movie btw.
These corrupt folks need to stop, they are going to pay heavily come November
Grassley has 20 years on me and he is so much more open minded,  seems like a stand up guy!
Has anybody accused the Democrats in recent centuries of being wise?
Shhhh... Chuck, let em spend political capital on foolishness
Democrats please go home
see they can not corrupt him, buy him out, so they are pissed, hahahhahahah he needs to get them in his court room, hahahahahah
TOO BAD! Donald DogTurd and this entire communist crooked enterprise will be over in 29 days.
He thanked Manchin as well.
Kavanaugh isn't a member of the Deep State....that's why they tried to smear him.
Keep it up democrats....this is how Nixon won two terms
FUX STATE PROPAGANDA NETWORK is a steady stream of bullshit 24/7.
67 votes for impeachment haha good luck
Please democrats, threaten to impeach Kavanaugh. 
Thank you for giving us on the right something to rally behind, we couldn't have done it without you.
9:49.   Nobody....FFFFFFFFF.....      Now I see why Kavanaugh and his buddies came up with that line.... 
Screw you Grassley, cuckservatard pos.
That Avenatti should be dis-bar. He is a shame for the bar association.
Me: I wonder if she is as attractive as I imagine her to be?
Good ol Chuck may stumble over his words at times, or seemingly find himself thrown off by completely predictable interruptions... But golly-gee, he sure hung on with ALL he had left to achieve Kavanaughs confirmation. Thank the Lord above for this mans FOLLOW THROUGH! Good job Grassley!
Grassley says it's not wise but he's talking about the liberal Democrats the Democrats in general they never do anything that's wise.... I really like Senator Grassley
Do not entertain lunatic Dems threats. Theyre empty.
DemocRATS
How did this country bumpkin end up with so much power? I hate these old crackers.
Believe All Women UNTIL YOU DO NOT AGREE WITH THEM!! Collins Is Real, Woman!
OK..so get rid of Grassley before 2020....
The Socialist Dems. are so DESPERATE, they can't even see what they are DOING. Still coming against Justice Kavanaugh now is going to hurt them more and more each week in the eyes of the American voters. Their THIRST for CORRUPTION is so STRONG now they aren't even THINKING STRAIGHT. The proof of the pudding will come in the midterms.
Can we impeach this old, useless fool?
Bullshit. Fucker has to go
It was not wise for Grassley to block Merrick Garland to the Supreme Court. Screw what Grassley thinks. Democrats can get rid of Brett Kavanaugh if they win in November.
Rich old white men should be turned into dog food.
Get out and vote and remember to
Vote Republican In November
The time has come for us to fight back
And we can only fight back if we are to vote
So get out and vote on November 6th
We can only do it if we have your vote
The Red Tide Is Coming
But it can only come if we have your vote
So remember to get out and vote
Will he unseat booker for groping  and blumenthal for lying?
Why does the committee need more vaginas? If women want on, great, but why do we need go out of our way to get them?

Or are you just so self-obsessed that you want as many people like you as possible?
God bless the republicans
This has shown me just how messed up the left are. I hope many many eyes in this country have seen this also and want to vote all Red.
lol I clicked on this video because it said 777 views but when I got in here the viewership was 1820.
At first, I wasn't even that keen on Kavanaugh becoming a justice. I have a problem with him helping write up as well as his stance on the patriot act. But how he was smeared and how the left behaved forced my hand. And I was very impressed with his testimony. 
Go ahead and try to impeach. First of all you'll need a majority and that's extremely unlikely. And second, you'll have to have proof of wrongdoing or loss of mental capacity, and that is even more unlikely.
The jackals are restless again! They're bunch of sour grapes.
Republicans... Stop playing by the bigoted left playbook. Having women on the committee doesn't mean anything, you need to have fair impartial people on the committees.
They dont even have bases for impeachment, they just talk to fire up their voters that only get motivated by hatred and disturbance!
Corey crooker  
Not wise coming from this old fart.
I liked beer. I still like beer......
Impeach for what? These people are foaming at the mouth, rabid psychos.
IF the Democrats take the House we can COUNT on Kavanaugh and Trump being impeached. There will be long, boring hearings.....long boring anti-Trump and anti-Kavanaugh diatribes. In other words...NOTHING will get done.....NONE of "America's business" will be worked. It will be one LOOOONG witch hunt against both men to work up as much anti-Trump feeling..in the minds of as many American voters as possible.... so the Democrats can win the 2020 Presidential election. Of course removing either of these two men is just about impossible since it would take 2/3rds of the Senate to remove them from office. Something that has very little probability. So in other words it will be another long waste of time that will CHEAT the American people by letting these high paid Democrat politicians primp, pose and expound....and NOT DO ANY REAL WORK!
when I was five... I got a doctor kit for christmas. That's all I'm sayin.
Hmmm. Another Dem BS tactic
Hurt feelings does not equal an impeachment. Amazing how people still don't understand that.
We drank beer. Still like beer. Still drink beer.
Grassley stood strong so did Graham let's not forget Kavanaugh and President Trump. We are winning not tired of it yet.
That is what got Jesus killed, the Republican Jews denied him. But he was a real judge. NOW fvk with that!!!!!
Senator Grassley thats not even visible unless MOBBS will COMMIT more FRAUD IN ELECTION!  and most importantly MOBBS  are the ones to be IMPEACHED on FRAUD/FALSE ACCUSATIONS and other criminal acts committed while manufacturing & executing/perpetrating this SCAM!  CRIMINAL MOBBS want lawlessness..... sign me up as #1 for HUNTING SEASON!!!!!
show people these fools, They are dangerous as any other radical group.
the dems are just 2year olds having a sh-----------t fit because they didn't get there way its time to start putting them in jail for crimes against the people of the USA
Dems are trying anything to enrage the dem base. But impeachment will never happen
Red tsunami and blue  teardrops falling. Demonic rats need their own country the sooner the better.
LOOSER LEFT, LOOSER LIBTARDS
The Judiciary Committee doesn't provide much opportunity to its members in the way of constituent service. Its members can't exactly bring home the pork from working on the Judiciary Committee. And then there is the downside such as we see in the Kavanaugh hearing.
The people qualifies you to be a JUDGE. Dummy!!!!
grassley, buddy, there was the appearance of common sense on the courts in the 90s because clinton was president for 8 of those years... the dems grinning like cats with cream because clinton would make the picks
Mr. President let the nation support you one more time , talk about Medicare, Immigration, Sanctuaries States, more jobs , subsides for the Farmers, Manufactures . Tell Fox to stay out justice Cavanaugh because is not helping for the November election , to stop talking about Impeach Justice Cavanaugh. All the Senators go and campaign now !!! The President needs your help now!! Mr. President America and American people are First above all and stay together!!!!!
VOTE REPUBLICAN ONNOVEMBER 6TH!
the demonrats are the party of chimney punchers,soyboys,dumb sluts and unevolved primates.
Democrat thugs driving us closer to civil war every day.
Qualification does not make you a JUDGE,  the people do!!!!! Mr einstein!!!!
I respect Sen.Grassley. But how can he say Ford brought "credibility" to this. Anybody with a bit of common sense could plainly see that she and her lawyers were perpetrating a complete fraud. I think this was so ridiculous to the point that they are daring you to call them out so they can throw a tizzy and call anyone that doesn't tow the line vile mean names.
Check her back ground and I'd bet the farm that this would prove to be a conspiracy.
we all know the motto of the intelligence shown by far left liberals and that's let the door hit you on the way out
Dr Ford brought no credibility. Nothing, absolutely nothing she said could be corroborated!
Trump won. Again.
Y'all lost. Again.
Kavanaugh is a good man so let it be. God bless America.
Senator Grassley...a Senator with principles...not many of those left in the Senate.
Impeach Ruth Berger , Kagan and Satomayor now
Trumpster-Dumpsters and Faux news fans, you got to stop marrying your first cousins. It may be legal in your state but it's not good for your gene pool as evident in your low IQ comments and thoughts.
Believe all wahmen unless they have opposing views, then they become race traitors
It's illegal to impeach him he has done nothing wrong yet
For the love of Pete why in the hell should Kavanaugh thank the democrats Martha? The democrats who tried to ruin his life! FYI Martha he did thank Joe Manchin.. a democrat
The Dems can't impeach Kavenaugh. You can't impeach anyone for something that happened before they got the job. (He didn't do anything anyway). He would have to be impeached for something he did as an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court. He just started and hasn't done anything as a Justice. What would they impeach him on. I can't believe how ignorant Democrat lawmakers are of our system of government. They are clueless regarding the Constitution. They are too stupid to be in our government. Come on people, vote them out.
Unless the Democrats have over 67 seats in the US Senate, then they will never impeach.

They are just undergoing a phenomenon called Bargaining. Its part of the stages of grief.
The vile, lying, corrupt democrats arent fooling anybody.....
Youve lost everything democrats, get used to it, its only just begun!
MAGA!
Do the republicans have their faults sure we all do but I must say our side has a very good moral compass
The Left seems to want to de-stabilize Everything!
Dems do NOT work for America, they work for the Soros NWO agenda.  They are evil haters, there to divide, create problems, create activist groups as PussyCat girls, like Ford, Antifa, KKK, ISIS, BLM ect. "November will be a woi, for the Trump Team ans an EXORCISM for America."
Ford is not credible.
Grasshopper Grassley & Turtle Mitch McConnell's age combined is almost 180 years old. Get rid of these old farts & Creepy Kavanaugh too!
DemonRats have become the Party of Impeachment, LoL!
I think it's time to euthanize the Trump Trash.  They no longer contribute to society
We should impeach kavanaugh
What happened to the lying ford woman....she done took that million dollar go fund me pay off and went into hiding. The entire thing was a total smear on a good man because he will protect the constitutional rule of law.
Grassley: not wise.
I can't get tired of all this winning! 
Why should Kavanaugh thank the Dems for anything 99% of them tried to F him over.
I wont be suprise If he was CRACKING!!!!
MAYBE TERM LIMITS FOR CONGRESS NO ONE PERSON SHOULD SPEND 10 YEARS IN CONGRESS , NONE OF OUR ELECTED PARASITES ARE GOING TO SUPPORT  TERM LIMITS , HOW ELSE CAN WE MAKE TERM LIMITS  ON CONGRESS HOUSE OR SENATE ,  NO ONE SHOULD MAKE A 30 YEAR CAREER IN  CONGRESS 10 YEARS AND OUT
Flinging Poop at Kavanaugh just gonna make more of a Red Land-Slide this November 
Whenever debating a Democrat, ask them about the hundreds of victims of Democrat politicians and their victimization culture.  There is no defense.
Bill, Keith Ellison, Anthony "Look at my" Weiner, Cory Booker, Al Franken, John Conyers, Bob Fillner, Raul Bocanegra, Dan Schoen, Tony Mendoza, Ira Silverstein, Steve Lebsock, Eliot Spitzer, David Wu, Kwame Kilpatrick, John Edwards, David Paterson, Antonio Villaraigosa, Marc Dan, Paul J. Morrison, Gary Condit, Tim Mahoney, Roosevelt Dobbins, Neil Goldschmidt, Jim McGreevey, Bob Wise, Paul E. Patton, Mel Reynolds, Brock Adams, Chuck Robb, Barney Frank, Gary Hart, Gerry Studds, Fred Richmonds, John Young, Allan Howe, Wayne Hayes, Gavin Newsom, Sam Adams and hundreds more.
Can you imagine MR KAVA sentencing an American citizen to JAIL!!!!!! WOW, ARENT WE SMART ENOUGHT TO SEE THAT. DAMMMMMMM!!!!
We're all "Locked and Loaded"...and willing and able.  
Just try to impeach Justice Kavanagh or Mr. Trump or any Republican legislator.  
Don't even think about it.
an impeachment would be near impossible
Suck it up snowflakes, you LOST and will continue losing as long as you continue your resistance tactics and criminal acts. Vote RED in November and put a end to these swamp rats and anti americans.
Get out and vote straight republican... Democucks are enemy number 1
Oh boy, Donald Dump strikes again 
We don't need to impeach him, because he is NOT A QUALIFIED JUDGE!!!!
they can't,  he didn't do anything.
You need 2/3 vote to impeach. Just another Dem BS tactic.
First I want to say AMERICA FIRST AMERICA FIRST
Go ahead and try to impeach Kavanaugh.  The war will begin and end quickly.   We are not backing down.
