I drive a station wagon and I do disrespect women
The Democrats are plagiarizing the title of Roger Stone epic 2015 book entitled The Clintons' War on Women.  They are so bigoted that they can't even come up with original ideas and sound bites.
*thunderous applause ...Thank you ...I love it.
If he is a part of the 'war on women' then so is everyone else in the audience who laughed. 
In a first world, democratic country, there is no war on Women.
Propaganda at its finest.
What I say is what I say
Thats my President!
Heh. Remember when we all raged at each other about our political opinions, and we didnt realise how much of a total meme lord Trump was?
If they ban regular birth control and continue denying me healthcare, Ill die soon. I have ovarian disease and need the pill since age 11. I am now 38 and got married as a virgin at the age of 37. So I can dispell the myth that women who take the pill are sluts. I will also say that I am against abortion. Always have been. And I want to have kids, but we have to time our conception of children around my ovarian cyst risk times. So yes. Medical science, medical science and the health of US citizens is important to me. Im tired of full healthcare, especially dental care being something only for the wealthy. My teeth are killing me and since Trump built the wall, I can no longer go to Mexico for life saving dental help. He cut me off.
It's a love hate thing, he's a savage and it's hit or miss
This was a grand slam lol
Trump 2020!!!!
Even Kelly was trying not to laugh :D
Don't lie, she wanted to laugh. She almost chuckled.
I could watch this clip over and over. Love how Trump postured up, waited, then killed it! He is 1000% right on political correctness. Megan deserves everything she got for asking this question. She asked for it.
Now we call  him Mr President HAHA  MAGA
Looking back at it, this might be the moment that got him elected
This was amazing lmao
0:36 You're Welcome! LOL
omg this gets better and better every single time i hear "only rosie o'donnell" LOL
BURN!!
He said, "Thank You" for the applause. 
And he has delivered like none other on his promises despite the incredible and vial opposition towards him and every single one of us.
Theres no War on Women. False Liberal Narrative. Every man I know would be gutted like a pig, if he got taken to court by a woman for almost any reason.
Only Rosie ODonnell LMFAO. Notice the moderator got triggered. 
Megyn Kelly is disgusting
There is a war on women going on In my pants every day.
We also need kindness, Donald.
Is Trump tired of winning ?
He totally outclassed her. Make America Great Again..!!
EXACTLY the kind of president needed at this point in time. FINALLY someone realized the malaise with political correctness.
That's my president!!
I just love seeing the face of the women  when the audience is applauding him when he says only Rosie O'Donnell and she can't say something back because the audience loves it, it brings me tears of joy when I see it.
"We need brain in this country."
Megyn Kelly wanted to laugh too. I think she thought it was funny too, but had to force to keep a straight face.
Wow, almost 3 years ago... How time flies...
Trump! Trump! Trump! Trump! Trump! USA USA USA 
Press 2 + 
That was a slam dunk.
I love him 
i love how he says "thank you" rofl what a goddamn savage. Trump 2020
I love his NON POLITICAL CORRECTNESS! MAGA202, 2024, 2030! Grabbem all by the puzzy!
ABSOLUTE MAD LAD!
Equal brutality to men and women during debates.  A true patron of equality.
:30  when Megan knew he was gonna win
Trump !!!!!!! Classic hahahahahha
Hahahaha  , loved it when he says " yes I'm sure "
This would of destroyed any other politicians career but he basically just said yea I did and then it was over. 
I love this man!
The legend begins
Trump dont asnwer question he kills it
This comment was the start of Trump's march to the presidency. It showed that he was willing to give an honest answer, not a politician's answer.
he did it! the absolute madman! MAGA TRUMP 2020!
Two years later...Trump is greatest POTUS since Reagan...and, who even knows what Megan is doing...
Donald Trump sees a homeless man on the streets and approaches him. He gives the man directions to his office where he can apply for open jobs. He also reaches into his pocket and gives the man $20.

Hillary Clinton sees the same homeless man on the streets and approaches him. She gives the man directions to the welfare office, then reaches into Donald Trump's pocket, takes $20 from him, and keeps $15 to herself for "admissions fees." She then gives the remaining $5 to the homeless man.

Do ya get the difference now people?
ONLY ROSIE O DONNAL!!!!!
war on women lol
C-C-C-Combo Breaker!
#MAGA
Rosie blocked me on Twitter today, so I just HAD to come back to this epic moment!
Megan looks better with my cock in her face.
The Marxists always use collectivism to appeal to the losers that love to be victims instead of winners. "Women," "minorities," "gays," "the poor." Doesn't require accomplishing anything to ignore the fact that you're a loser if you can just identify with one of these groups and claim victim. How about AMERICAN CITIZEN. A proud individual of this nation. The media hates everything that made this nation strong and prosperous. They would rather pull everyone down to the level of coward victims. They are spreading Cultural Communism and they are the enemy of the United States.
Savage!
I miss Megyn Kelly's long hair. Perfect to pull....
00:32 that blonde would get it
"Only Rosie O'Donnell"
(Crowd Cheers)
"Thank you."
ROFLMAO!!!
Trump 2020 MAGA  :)
He made her look like a dumb blonde
Some women are indeed fat pigs, slobs, dogs, and disgusting animals.  Oprah Winfrey is another good example.
This is the moment I hopped on the boat
Megyn "White Knight" Kelly
This man is so savage! 
And history was made.
Put that in your month bitch
There's not much relationship between "Think before you speak" and "Winning China". "Think before you speak" is about thinking once again before you say something and Winning China is about being better than China in the meaning of economy, freedom, technology, education, and etc.
Praying that Trump makes women great again  .   (:
still awesome
He owned here here
Bye Megyn, How's That New Job Working For Ya? Trump 2020!
Damn hes something special
Liberals aren't going to like this, but DJT responded mightily well to Megan Kelly.
S A V A G E
Megyn Kelly:  I am going to f*ck the Donald right here.

Donald J. Trump:  ZERO f*cks given.
Only Rosie O'Donnell
ONLY ROSIE O'DONNEL
Fucking legendary
I am part of the " War on Women ' BECAUSE of Women's War on Men !.....Fucking Men Hating Cunts, just like my Cunt Mother !
"Yes, I'm sure it was" hahahah, BOSS.
my oh my.. now look where Megan Kelley is lmao totally irrelevant in today's Politics
Trump was willing to say to CNN, and all the other corporate bastards, 'I'll chop your fucking head off.' 

That's why he became President.
War on women, lol.. How much do you get paid Kelly?
Not the reaction Marfan Kelly was looking for)
This was the birth of Trump as President and the death of Megan as newscaster.
Political correctness, like today when I differentiate women should wear pink and men should wear black, in a project of my class in college, didnt know I was subconsciously being sexist to a lesbian in my group project. Bitch took it to the heart, I basically have to think twice of what I say nowadays, why even bother having an input, its like you have to say what sounds politically correct, I dont have time for that!!!!
Megan Kelly went to garbage. Awesome response on behalf of the now elected,  POTUS
whos this bitchy blonde?
Megan bet on the wrong horse.
The title of this clip should be: THE MOMENT TRUMP WON THE ELECTION!
islam is the  war on women
I love Trump and the hate PC looney left.
lollll
President Trump is the best thing to happen to America since Ronald Reagan.
And he is keeping his promise to me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is my President and I love love love Him!
roast of the century
That moment made him a Political Star !    There is no monolithic conspiracy ruling the world . Trump's success proved it. Maybe opposing factions  such as Soros versus the Koch Brothers but that  is it.
Has anyone else here noticed that most of the on-line media in America that has comment sections, in collaboration with organizations like Facebook and Disqus, have been increasingly censoring conservative input and opinion since the election? Facebook, which is a third party comment censor, can block anyone from posting to hundreds of news sites in one fell swoop just by blocking your Facebook account, even from supposedly conservative news sites. I guess this is how liberals intend to get their revenge. They intend to simply prevent conservatives from being able to express their opinions. China couldn't have done it any better. We can't even post to Fox News on articles we agree with because Facebook has us locked out.
Donald Trump handed Megan Kelly here ass on a plate
...elaborate please!
Anyone who takes political science knows exactly which group that the Feminists are attached to, and it is Marxism.

From Theory and Methods In Political Science, 2nd Ed., Marsh & Stoker, p 7, Feminism:

"A mixed range of responses to this issue but with strong tendencies toward anti-foundational and critical realist perspectives."

A critical realist is the scientific claim of Marxism. Anti-foundational means that their beliefs do not fit the societal norm.
Megan Kelly must have thought she's going to get Donald J & corner him with that absurd question.  Donald simply turn around hit a home run!  Well done, sir!  Loved every bit of your campaign I could see on Internet.  I hope you will translate your major promises in to action. :)
Well shit... Between the blacks trying to "beat" the whites and the women trying to "beat" the men, white men are fucked...
One small comment for man, one giant leap for SHUT UP YOU FEMA-NAZI!
LOL
The moment that was supposed to end Trump's path to the Whitehouse ended up being the moment that created Trump's path to the Whitehouse!
CAN'T STUMP THE TRUMP BITCHES
You sir have my vote
it was at that moment that Donald Trump won
they say America is the land of the fat just saying I'm sure people think the same thing at some time sexest even if there thinking it and don't have the voice to say nice or not he just sparks his mind it's not as bad as what Hillary us going to do to us
The thing wrong with the world right now is sensitivity. Everyone is sensitive. If you say one thing about a woman, ten thousand women make a movement. If you say one thing about any thing people will fight to take back those words.  I bet a few people are going to go against me. I'm not voting for trump nor Hillary. BECAUSE IM TOO YOUBG TO VOTE! HALF THEBPEOPLE ON HERE ARE PROBABLY KODS THINKJNG THEY KNOW WHATS RIGHT FOR AMERICA. LIKE IF THIS WAS A BEAUTY PAGENT. There will be no END TO WAR... 
Megyn Kelley, what a fat, disgusting, man voice  pig. What is wrong with a guy liking good looking women and being slightly disgusted by ugly rude women? If the future of man is to be sensitive and non sexual like a priest then Im glad I grew up twenty years ago instead of today. Political correctness is for the weak.
"...and we need brains." um since when did donald trump have a brain?
All these retards cheer for Trump when he literally hadn't said anything yet
There is no "war on women" There is only war on white men by feminazi,sjw scum.
Omg.. !! He called women "pigs,ugly,fat etc" Whats the deal ?! This is childish & ridicilous.
Lets look at Hillarys leaked emails.
What an asshole
The Fact that ANYONE aplauded that comment just shows how far the American people have fallen.
I do not like this man one bit but he sure is hilarious especially his face when Megyn asked him about the girl that'll look prettier on her knees 
Donald Trump is a fat pig dog in a disgusting animal and a pervert another was dumb loudmouth supporters
So we need strength, energy, quickness, and brains in this country 
Ok so I guess being kind is to call people fat, dogs, fat pigs, and disrespect other genders is strength, energy, quickness!!
here bitch
damn pig!!I hope you get myocardial attack!!
the war on women?
is there really a such a thing?
when did this start?
Kelly. dammit, I told you to wipe that snot off of your nose.
Ironically his response is the sort of thing that won him the nomination and possibly make him the next US President.
He thanked the audience...lmao 0:36
Trump is the GOAT
Holy shit fox news put out something bad about trump and look how meny views
..DO YOU WANT TO KNOW HOW AND WHY HILLARY CLINTON WILL WIN THE ELECTION?
..........The media will predict that the Republicans will WIN BY A LANDSLIDE. So, the average Republican voter thinks,      ''I don't want to be bothered.     I don't want to have to get off the couch,   clean up,   get dressed,    get in the car and fight traffic,    pay for parking,     stand in line. Let someone else do it.."
.....The average Democrat doesn't watch political news because they don't understand so many things. BUT, the average Democrat has been told that they must vote Democrat because their welfare money and their job depends on them to vote Democrat no matter what happens. So, the Democrat voter will get off the couch,   clean up,  get dressed, go catch the bus and find the voting booth and vote Democrat because they know that their welfare money and job depends on it and they don't want to lose any money or their job........... So, if you DON'T VOTE, you forfeit all your rights to comment or complain in any way, shape or form ...forever.
women can hold a baby but guys are to lazy to do that
only rosie hole donnel...
Trump 2016
the democrat party before and after obamas reign needs to have a new nickname they are two different parties. Would like to see that go viral. Obama screwed it all up.
kelly doesn't want you to post this. She is mourning trump is winning even on her show but she is still going to endorse him. 
. Did you know hillary is starting a campaign right now with the UN to stop any anti muslim comments in the media communism, she is laying down to islam. AND your worried about trump dealing with failed transvestite yoga-goat hollywood. Please, drop it, please wake up we are at war with liberal America who are brainwashed suicidal zombies. Its to late for any other republican candidate to win, and we don't need power or political correctness, or the sensitivity liberals have created. We need to save this country, this is no longer about republicans or the GOP or a coached written speech candidate, its about conservatives salvaging a country that is the world's last hope, and Trump cares about every issue. He won't be coached, run some failed socialist experiment like obama or loiter on any issue.
Liberals pick on Trump as a smoke screen to hide the fact that Muslims rape thousands of women every day, and Feminists and Democrats support Muslims. Turn the cameras on Trump and people dumb enough to vote for Hillary will turn a blind eye to the fact that Hillary supports the rape of women on a mass scale. So where are the Feminists now? But who cares right? The News Media got you to hate Sarah Palin, and now the News Media is getting you to hate Donald Trump. You're nothing but a bunch of puppets. People who vote for Hillary are Blind News Media Puppets and deserve the Hell that's coming.
I'm actually starting to like this guy
war on women? lol western society is fucked , what a bunch of whining bitches
Megan's voice is dripping with hatred for Trump.
is that why you cut your hair kelly . your husband work for the worst president in the history of this country Jimmy Carter.  you shit head whore .vote trump whorr .
that bimbo is a disgrace
What a moronic headline for a video. Megyn and Chris Wallace and others were NOT asking tough questions, but merely seeking to destroy Trump's candidacy.
sure
When ever he says "That I can tell you" he sounds like that smart in middle school who would always talk back to the teacher. Even though he made look like he was avoiding answering the question he clearly did it at the end say "we need a brain" when he was suppose to answer his stand with women makes him sound like a complete jerk.
how can this be funny this is why my school is writing there opinions about the president's and we watched this we all said Donald Trump is just plain rude
Trump is a tragedy to America
He didn't even answer the question.
The only war on women is being conducted by the left.
fucking disgusting theres a war on men not women fuckin disgusting feminists pigs men are the rulers of society its the natural order of things
I'm not American so I don't support any candidate but calling individual women anything is not sexism exactly like if I get into a fight with an individual black person , that is not racism. Sexism is lack of belief in meritocracy and judging based on the sex of a person instead of her merits and capabilities.  It includes any sort of discrimination against women based on their gender, stereotyping all women and considering femininity inferior to masculinity. It is not sexism to call an individual woman ugly , fat or stupid but It would be sexist to say ' all women are stupid' or 'women can't do this or that'.
How dare this dirty little Megyn Kelly bitch slut put shame me for my comments on women.  She must have blood spewing out of her ears and eyes and..whereever.
My father fought and died in the War on Christmas. In honour of him, I am prepared to fight and die in the War on Women too!
My father fought and died in the War on Christmas. In honour of him, I am prepared to fight and die in the War on Women too!
f** you piece of s**
Hmmm, didn't we already have a  President rather recently who treated women poorly? Hmmmm.... 42 I do believe? Now democrats shook it off at the time saying is personal life had nothing to do with his duties as POTUS.. Now the same people are making it into a big deal because it's a Republican this time around... Cute
Last time I checked Trump never threatened sexual assault victims.
Trump is a total jerk!!!!!
It is supposed to be a legend when presidents fuck around and a nig in the hood is called a chomo for having sex with adult women? The story of clinton and monica is too old to repeat. Hillary is not a pro woman pro faggot woman. she is is pro Boner. She realized she got too old to for bill and let him run around and use and abuse all the young women.
Americans laughing about trumps comments makes me sick. maybe he likes dick and that's why he hates woman. I wouldn't put it past him.
YEA DONALD TRUMP GOOOOO!!!!!!!!! He's gonna make man rule MORE be the president!!!!! And teach those fucking stupid woman that we man RULES!!! Fuck woman's !
disgusting!
People said bad things on DT But the fact is DT is the best candidates all of them they are all corrupted!!!!!!!
with donald trump as president we would have constant war and if we lose , all of our lives are at risk and trump  doesn't care  . our people are sent out to fight against people who try to hurt the united states how are we supposed to fight every one  that doesn't live here some people are innocent  and dont deserve to die ( children ) . trump doesn't even have experience unless you count his T.V. show where he talks about women rudely  . if your reading this i really hope you change your mind about stupid sexist  person no he doesn't even deserve to be called a person ! I'm done here bye .
donald trump is a rude sexist racist person . He is pure stupidity .  He has a brain but , he doesn't use it . Realize how mostly all of his supporters are men , because he treats women as dirt . How would he like to be treated like that . I bet he would probably harass a women . Wash out your ears people and re watch the video . Maybe you didn't hear the part when she read his twitter post . Women are smart , they have brains . Most women are smarter than trump .
The people who really hate women are those who support open borders so the Muslim jihadist can pour across.... Trump wants to keep American women SAFE from these hate filled killers....
why are they clapping for him..why would anyone like this asshole..?
"He takes shit from no one." We need to reconsider what aptitudes are important to be the leader of these nation. There are thousands of decisions the president has to deal with. How is this way of talking going to help the country? We need someone to speak the truth, correct; but I don't see the need to insult people.
He could have great ideas and strategies unfortunately most people will stop listening when disrespected.
I love this dude lmao
Wow, slaughtered much? What a fantastic comeback to a stupid question that was, in fact, meant more rhetorical than anything else. "Do you think thats language for a president of the US?" Was she actually expecting him to say no? When faced by honest political figures, true politicians and journalists have absolutely no idea how to handle them? There are so few of them, because most politicians need to drift up through the murky waters of their political establishment and are dirty and rotten when they finally do.
Nobody could pay me a small loan of a million dollars to vote for Donald trump
Donald is a fucking idiot....
He didn't answer her question...
This country is for everyone you are not the president so you don't make the laws
You should not say that about women that's not nice
Are there people actually voting for him in America? That's beyond scary
war on women are they serious? Fox News is so fucking retarded
his views towards women is very old fashioned! he needs to stop living in the past and get with the real world
Me and my family thought when he started running for president  that it was a joke and now he is really starting to win were really scared we're praying for him not to win everyone who likes him must be fucking racist like seriously vote for Berny sanders or something not trump
Trump Is so popular That he got hes own mcdonald toys
Women often get offended when Donald Trump says something offensive to someone who happens to be a female. You want to know WHY? It's because women are generally wired that way, by nature. Women are more group oriented, social creatures. They are more emotional on a personal level. They are more of a "pack animal" than are men. Proof? If you say an offensive thing to a man will most men come to his rescue? Of course not. Will most men be offended? Of course not. Will most men feel they must have revenge on someone giving offense to another man? Of course not. Men are not wired that way. But what about women? Women do the opposite of men. Women are definitely offended when something unpleasant is said by a man, to another woman. They all come to each others aid and defense. They all want revenge when a woman is offended. That's the way women are wired. And they take all this, so much for granted, they don't even see the gender differences, and how huge they truly are. And that's why all this "equality" bullshit, is just that. Women don't want equality. They want to be treated better than men are treated. They all want to be Princesses. They all want to be Queens. They all want to be put on a Pedestal. 

Equality? That would be a step down for them.

But think about what this means for politics. The cultural rule is, if a woman is running for politics, like Hillary, you are supposed to "be nice" to her, because she has a vagina. Don't be mean to her. Don't bring up all the nasty horrible things she has done. Don't "go negative" with the truth of what she is like, and don't bring up all the horrible character flaws in that woman. Treat her, like all women, like a Queen, like a Princess.

Fuck that. As a man I want women to be equal. I don't go around kissing every man's ass. I'm not "nice" to all the men. This applies especially to men who are my direct competitors for power and prestige. Why should I kiss their asses? I don't. Yet we are supposed to kiss Hillary's ass? She can attain the highest, most powerful office in the world, order men around all day, send men off to die in war, but we still have to kiss her ass, because she has a wrinkly old vagina? 

Fuck that. As a man I find that offensive. I find the rule that you have to kiss all women's asses, extremely offensive. I find that rule is basically saying that I as a man, am a second class citizen. How do I justify that? Well, you can tell WHO has power, by WHO you cannot mock. You can tell WHO has power, by WHOSE ASS YOU HAVE TO KISS.

And on CNN and all the mainstream media, the absolute rule is, you as a man must kiss every woman's ass. Don't take my word for it, think about it the next time you watch the news.

I'm tired of kissing women's asses. I already have a wife who I treat very nice, and that's fine in a marriage. I treat my wife well, my daughter well......but now I have to kiss the ass of every woman in the world? And now every woman in the world has a special power, over every man, so that every man has to kiss the ass of every woman in the world? That's going way too far. That's the new cultural rule, and it will never work if we expect the genders to be equal. Treating women better than men just relegates men to being a lower class of human beings.

Now I know where Political Correctness comes from: women's innate sensitivity, their social sense, their sense of group selection of favoring all women heavily over all men. All women put all other woman ahead of all men. That's been a painful lesson for me to learn in life, but it's the truth. Women consider me a  second class citizen. All these things, in this modern age brought us the nightmare of political correctness, where free speech is curtailed. You can't have free speech if you are constantly worried about giving offense to half the population. Of course the people pushing this kiss women's ass agenda the hardest are the Feminists, who definitely don't believe in free speech. More than anyone, they want to bully men into compliance and obedience. They want to dominate men and make them second class citizens. 

Feminism has pushed women to the front of men. As a group, far more women than men graduate from high school and university. For women under 35, they earn more as a group, than do men. And on top of all that, we men have to kiss the ass of the dominant group in society.....women? Fuck that.

Wake up and smell the coffee....Men are now Second Class Americans.
He totally dodged the question...
If he really hates women, then why does he have a good relationship with his daughter and his wife. How come Sarah Palin is supporting and the attorney general is supporting him. Tell me that Feminazis and white knights. Becuase Hilary Clinton is a Feminazi.
what a legend
what a fat pig he is
Funny that some women on Fox News and CNN finds Trump comments very offensive, but usually, women likes it when when men gets tough on them verbally and even physically......Hmmmmm
"Brain"
this guy is the world most stupid person ever lol
Hahaha this nigga Trump xDDDD
3 bankruptcies and he has brains too
his hair looks like its having that blurred censorship
Why the jewish controlled media agitate against the white population.
The USA have received before and during WW2 many of the Jews.
The US has defeated the Germans barbarians during WW2.
And what thanks do we get for it?
The jewish controlled media incite hate against the white population.
The jewish controlled media support the rioters.
Why the Jews want to destroy the white society in USA.
How about war on white cunts?
I'm just started to like Donald trump just because of this.  If the new age of man hating, ugly, female-supremist pigs are against him, then I'm for him. I cannot like a candidate more than I can hate an ignorant feminist. He just won my vote.
I don't understand this, why are people thinking Donald Trump is against women? I'm 110% sure Donald Trump has insulted men too. So when someone says something bad about women, why do they automatically think that it's just against women and sexist!? It's stupid, why aren't insults to men considered sexist? This country is about equality right? If people get offended by these particular situations why aren't both genders mentioned? America is about equality. Donald Trump is not a sexist.
War on women lol,  western women are the most spoiled people on earth.
YEA WE LOOSE TO OTHER COUNTRYS BECAUSE OF PEOPLE LIKE TRUMP OUTSOURCING OUR JOBS AND BUSINESSES
Have any of you seen the ad concerning the filthy things Trump has said about women??? You might want to watch for it.
ill never understand a female conservative. They must enjoy being property to their husbands. Smart women vote democrat, they vote Bernie Sanders.
notice how he didnt answer the question?
fuck you Donald Trump
I dont't understand why people try to compare men to women. We're not the same. You wouldn't compare apples to oranges. Each gender has pros and cons. Women get called bitches and sluts, men get called douches and faggots. Men are built to be more physically strong and in the latter years of their lives, smarter. I'm not trying to be sexist, it's just how it is. Women are naturally more flexible, understand emotions better, have a better memory, can raise a family easier, and intellectually outperform men at a young age. This doesn't make any single gender superior, it's just food for thought to all the people who believe male and female are equal. Females outclass males in some categories, as do males to females.
"We need brain in this country to turn it around" okay then we definitely don't need you bye
Trump you're so fucking stupid
Worst quote by donald so far?????????
#GradeAForPresident
Trump insults women just as he insults men. The sexists are the liberals who think women should be treated like children.
DAMNN ... That lady is hot as hell ^^
What misogynist piece of shit Trump is.
There is nothing conservative about Megan Kelly.
The Liberal Feminist agenda is the war on White Men
TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP 2016
Fuck donald trump
Here's the thing with Megyn. She has only one layer. Donald has many, and he runs on truth. Don't try to play with the grownups Meg. At least not the ones who are honest. Go kiss Hillary's butt.
"We have a good time" so out of context lmao
What war on women? They're being oppressed??
Donald Trump I hope you win!!!!!!!!
he rekt her
Trump said we should be right here is something correct Donald dump is a b***h
so he doesn't have time to be politically correct, but he has time to make fun and joke around?
FOX NEWS. HAS BEEN PAID BY THE ESTABLISHMENT AS WELL AS BLACKMAILED BY THE ESTABLISHMENT( not naming names why should I we all know who they are) ANDTHEY FOX NEWS THE NEW LIBERAL MEDIA STATION THAT IS GOING TO TRY TO BRING DOWN MR TRUMP BECAUSE THE LIBERAL AGENDA WILL NOT ALLOW IT. HELL JUST LOOK AT PAST EPISODES OF SHEPPARD SMITH LIKE A YEAR BACK THEN LOOK AT THEM NOW HE BASHES EVERYTHING CONSERVATIVE AND LOVES US UP ON THE LIBERAL AGENDA.. AND NOBODY HAD TO TELL ME FOX WAS CHANGING TO A LIBERAL MEDIA ARM BECAUSE WHAT I HEARD FROM BILL AND SHEPPARDCONFIRMED IT. DAMN ^^^^^^^^ HEY FOX LISTEN UP WE KNOW WHAT YOU ARE DOING MORONS ^^^^^^^^
There is no war on women in America. What is this nonsense?
The biggest force leading the war on women is the transgender movement.  The transgender movement creates so much anti-women sentiment that many women are feeling a need to start claiming they are men.  People everywhere need to fight for women by standing up against the transgender movement.
Clintons are the war on women
This is why Fox News is terrible
He is absolutely great, I just hope he would take global warming and nature protection much more seriously (I know, won't happen).
I have 13 years experience working directly as a woman engineer in the construction and development end. See my Youtube videos as "The Woman who built Trump Tower."
what a fucking joke ! Bernie all day son.
Trump is a joke & shows how little ppl really care about our country, we've consistently given in to the demands of the wealthy & put our children's &'countries future in jeopardy to appease these crooks that take miles when given inches. Peasants inside castle walls still blame peasants outside the walls because kings tells us they're the problem not their lack of humanity & moderation. As far as politics go we're a bunch of children blaming the opposition for making the mess we all helped make. How pathetic nothing's changed for thousands of years economically or politically we're still cavemen banging rocks together.
It's not about "political correctness". It's about being a jackass and a dick to women.
that is the rudeist THING i ever herd about women and i am so mad that he thinks of us that way we work too hard for what critasisum!!!
Heck to the no. No women in war
Fox News has said that there's no such thing as "War on Women" only "War Christmas". So this video is false.
There is no war on women.
That hair should be in the Smithsonian Institute , it's a national treasure.
"War on women"=Moderator FAIL. It was a lame and inflammatory remark/accusation. Tough questions are fine, but she phrased it as more of an attack.
War on women? In Saudi Arabia right?
The audience is stupid for cheering on this jackass. He's the biggest bully in the world. Never has anything nice to say. I hope he dies soon.
I hate you
that facig gay
I wish there really was a "War On Women".

If there really was a war on women, dumb cunts like Megyn Kelly wouldn't be allowed to go to public debates and spout cunt nonsense.
No, Feminism and Islam are though. Trump is just part of the war on common sense. Anyone who can call $1000 000.00. a small loan is clearly out of touch. I mean get Mexico to pay for the wall, with what money?
Not that I like Hillary either, it is lose/lose for the USA and the world no matter who is elected.
im not into politics, but $5 says this country is doomed with donald trump as president...
Fuck Donald trump
Give me thumbs up on this comment if you vote for Hillary
Vote for Hillary
Even the crowd owned that bitch. #CantStumpTheTrump
0:25 check how many FEMALES are actually clapping - but how many MALE shitheads just cant get enough of the sexism. The Republican Party of 2015 in her whole moral rottenness and cultural bankruptcy in a nutshell right there.
the first time I've agreed with this dude. I hate how we can't go a day without offending people it's annoying I swear some people get offended by the stupidest shit. like the red cup wtf it's a red cup you gonna get offended over red solo cups.
Trump makes a list and describes what the country needs, not of those one descriptions fit him!
Even she was trying not to laugh at his joke LMAO
The only war on women that I know of comes from Hillary. If Bill seduced and molested them, they were sluts, whores and liars. She even went as far as stabbing Bill's grandmother in the back saying she was the reason he cheated. And that poor 12 yr old girl that was raped, she called her every name in the book to get her 41 year rapist off the hook, then laughed about it. Hillary is the war on women!
Trump for Canadian PM!!
Thank fuck I live in the UK.
Of course they claim there's awar on women. Women are the majority of voters, and appealing to them will help you win.

PC needs to go away.
This is fucking retarded! I'm a Mexican-American women. Women are not meant to do what men are meant to do and men are not meant to do what a women can do. Women are loosing their uniqueness and men who are anti-feminist, Man you are not getting any pussy. Yes we are different but we are all people and we deserve respect as a man and as a women. Instead of bashing on each others gender or race we should give each other the opportunity to prove ourselves and show what we can provide for America, to make it a better country.
trump spitting some fire on that bitch
Trump is good, awesome , best .
I think Donald Trump is a disgusting piece of dirt BUT if feminism wants equality of the genders then they shouldn't be having a go at him for saying things about women's appearances when he does the same to men. Either don't talk about it or make a fuss about how he comments on everyone's appearance.
war on women you mean Islam               Trump 2016
most women are scandalous players cant be trusted girls gangbang to its not the beauty of women its the devilish n wepoens girls have when messed wit girls r devils
I'm finding this funny Idk if I should be
im not american but is this guy retarded?
w-what the fuck? why are everyone clapping and cheering wh- ???
Well Trumps just been banned from Western Europe for 'Uneducated, racist and bigoted' comments. Guess you cant really be president when your banned from your main ally.
I'm still voting for Carson but Donald has the balls to say what's on his mind. So many people are politically correct nowadays. If you are politically correct, welcome to the real world where you need to grow up and learn that people are always gonna talk shit about sensitive subjects whether you like it or not.
Trump 2016 !
Jesus Christ. The fact that he tried to side-step the accusation before immediately jumping face-first into it with "I could say something about you but I won't" shows that he's the absolute worst kind of sexist pig-fuck to turn around and beg for women's votes. Essentially what he said to her was, "Yes, I've insulted women for their looks before," and that was unapologetic as fuck by the way, before setting his thoughts on women into concrete stone with telling the female questioner he could do the same to her but he's abstaining because she's attractive. And people are actually considering checkmarking this fuck on the ballot? For REAL?!
speechless
omg
we need trump!
We need Ronda Rousey down here
he doesn't have brain, he is already thinking he is winning the election!
He's not very good. Find his comments pretty racist/sexist/pointlessly hateful. This can't be a good idea.
The problem with liberals is that they want free stuff and they use those same stupid lines like the "the war on women" and "you must be a racist" to give people free shit, and I think that americans are tired of it and that's why Trump is winning. Americans are tired of the liberal bullshit.
does anyone actually like him? like I genuinely feel bad for people who want to vote for him because they're obviously messed up.
Absolute joke.
The thug life chose Trump
There is no War on Women. It's a Democrat fantasy thought up during election time for votes.  This was pointed out by FOX time and time again but now used because they don't like Donald Trump.  This is why no one watches FOX or CNN anymore.  Conservatives are moving in droves to OANN because they're that fed up.
There ain't no war on women! The whole idea is a foundationless bunch of nonsense! I here these femanazis whinin, cryin, bitchin, and moanin about equal rights! News flash broads, y'all already have equal rights! You skirts love to push, prod, force, and coerce to the point you become obnoxious which defeats the original purpose! Y'all remind me of the Blacks that still do this same thing! No matter how equal they are, it ain't good enough! And it won't be good enough until they are the masters and White folks are pickin cotton! Same for you femanazis! Y'all won't be satisfied until  you completely control the planet and men are reduced to chattel slavery! The problem is, y'all are cherry pickers! You selectively pick and choose what you want to be equal and what not to be equal! If y'all want total equality so bad then how about having unisex public restrooms without door locks! How about quit expecting men to pay for supper on first dates! How about quit expecting men to defend you in public from other men who may make a pass at you! How about quit expecting men to check out things that go "bump" in the night! How about quit expecting men to kill bugs for you while you scream like a banshee! How about we cease with the proverbial "women and children first"! How about we totally eliminate all vestiges of chivalry still present in our society! Y'all talk the talk, but only when it suits your convenience! You fems don't really want total equality! So quit lying to yourselves and everybody else!
I am afraid to sort my clothes out anymore from the White and Colored.  I might be a racist.
Lol!!!!! Go to Afghanistan or Iraq, or pretty much any place in the middle east, and get your legs blown off by an IED, suffer traumatic brain injury from 'shell shock' to where you need to learn how walk or read again. Get yourself doused in a flammable liquid and set ablaze while your still alive, then and only then can you talk about a 'war on women'. What a fucking joke. I despise those liberal buzzwords with every ounce of my being which is why trump gets my vote.
Trump Not a hero we need. But a hero we deserved.
Old Bill Clinton sure made "war" on a lot of women.
"we lose to everybody" usa, usa, usa
I think that it is a fair question. I am not a feminist, but he did say those things. Being an adult, and running for president firstly he has to take responsibility for what he said. Secondly, being a man running for president he has to have an explanation for his comments. 
Being a democratic country, the press and journalists have the right to ask people running for the highest office difficult questions. Only in a dictatorship can the press be hounded for doing this.
he's such an egotistical bigot and the fact that he gets so much support makes me sick. If he gets elected America is fucked. Imagine his ego vs north korea.... Ges a hate filled shitbag who will destroy this country.
At this moment, trump knew, he fucked up.
WoooooW
i never liked afrocarribeans and latin americans.
He's a g
Why can't everyone just comb down?
Fuck u donald trump you suck stupid dumbass donald trump 
White men are the new punching bags. Just watch movies and see what sex hits what sex the most.
america....sleepwalking to disaster.
What fucking war?
Dumbass
I want Obama
Political correctness is ruining this country. We as stupid fuck Americans care about that Donald Trump called someone fat. Rather than caring about bigger issues, its pathetic and disgusting. One day we will wake the fuck up and realise how stupid we are and we eventaully will become strong as we once were.
Trump: "Make me a sandwich bitch."
Boycott the Fox News scumbags.
Fuck trump. Read the Statue of Liberty
war on women??? where the hell did that horsecrap come from? Is this another buzzword sjw's like to throw around while trying to censor everybody?
Why did they blur out his hair?
Lol
MR T....you are by far    far.. the best
I sorta feel like he is mistaking "Political Correctness," for, having a social filter. Speaking your mind is good, having no filter will only get you in trouble. Trump just doesn't seem like the type to think before he speaks. Which would both help us greatly, and get us in even more trouble. Can't tell if I support him or don't. Neutral it is.
He's such a dick! Wth
There is no war on women, just on Hilary
what did he say at 0:20? please
that guys a douchebag
Okay Fox News, we know you don't like Donald Trump, but stop being bias!
Am I the only one who thinks that women don't get treated worse than men in general? Like everyone says? 

I'm pretty sure they just simply bitch and complain about it more than men would.
"Its fun its kidding we have a good time" when you make disgusting comments about a woman that degrade her for her gender, thats not fun, kidding, or a good time. That can be seriously emotionally damaging to a person.
Since we need brain to turn this country around we need a brain surgeon as President.
oh, why you no like trump mr. fox?
Whoa, you know what would be cool? If things actually changed depending on who was president. POTATO 2016!!
How about the war on men!
Maybe trump could make it legal to hit some chicks, God I need to slap some bitches!
Everyone voting for him is stupid
War on women? what a fuckin joke in what make believe land does that occur?
Trump I hate you if you win hello Canada
Sure he speaks his mind, but listen to what he is saying!! He wants to lower wages, kick out all 11 million illegal immigrants (which would lead to a holocaust-like situation), increase spending on the military (and run up the deficit), and threaten the rest of the world and the pope. You supporters are all drawn in by his attitude and his way of speaking and you fail to listen to what he is actually saying.
 //
//
 //
|
- TRUMP
FINALLY SOME PROGRESSIVE THINKING BY TRUMP!
Only rosie odonell. Well if the shoe fits
He can say something dumb as fuck and I bet all the racist retards will agree.. Like "share your sister" lmao
Trump says illegal immigrants "...bring crime, their rapists and some, I assume, are good people" 
why add "some, I assume are good people" 

Fuck political correctness but don't half-ass political Incorrectness 
the truth will hurt, so let it...

"ONE illegal immigrant in the US is one too many-We don't want ANY illegals here and I'm going to make sure we deport every last one of you. I'm going to re-institute Birthright Citizenship so illegals coming here can't have anchor babies and  we can deport illegal families all at once. English will be the official language of the US so less non-English speaking people to come here or try to change our culture. White american are the majority and we want it to stay that way we own this country if you don't like it don't come here or get out. Gay marriage is wrong because God says so and its disgusting. Regardless of how many random shooting occur-Guns are our right and an important business, no laws will infringe on those rights. Torturing people is effective and it is what they deserve. Regarding the middle east-Let the Iraqi people deal with their own problems so we can deal with our problems at home. We don't need a democracy in Iraq we just need control of the oil."
Show less
We are losing to everyone because we don't have weed
He has the money, now he wants the power. Fucking idiot
ok lets befriend kim jong un because he wants to be #1 too.
I can't believe theres more Donald trump supporter comments than Donald trump hate,
We are so doomed
What a stupid fucking cunt....and of course I'm referring to Donald Trump
SING-American woman.................................................................
Trump SUCKS
Trump has already made a difference since he started his campaign, he has opened everyone's eyes about the illegals in this country. He talks about how politicians are taken advantage of and are used like a puppet by billionaires, corporations and special interest groups. Imagine how he would change this country if he becomes president. First of all he will not be a puppet being pulled by a puppet master like most of our presidents. Second of all he has a winning mentality so I'm sure he will do everything he can to make a positive difference and "make America great again."  I don't agree with everything he says but I look at a big picture and it tells me that he can make this country prosperous. Trump got my vote.
what america needs is a good president not a dumbass who thinks everything is a joke amd it doesn't matter how to treat people or to behave
Over 6000 dislikes? Rosie O'Donnell has a lot of fans.
What "War on women" ... They have all the same rights as men. If anything males are being discriminated against now. Have you watched TV commercials lately? Always making men look like the dumb ones. This so called war on women is BS needs to end.
All I can say is "word..."
what a f u c k I n g c u n t
Grreat reply!!!, Whos that slut  anyway? What a bitch.
Wow! people clap that shit!?
I too dislike censorship and the whole political correctness bull shit, but it's kind of sad when your version of not being politically correct involves insulting people by defaming their character, and borderline racism.
Men are f**king useless nowadays...... -_-
2:03 BRAINS?!!! The Donald is the exact opposite of brains
I still keep thinking this is all just a joke...
He calls them as he sees them. Seems like an honest fellow, will be voting for him.
I hope Donald trump is not president because if he is woman  will be mistreated
So we are going to win against China and Russia and all the other places he mentions by treating women that way?
You should try that on your mom.
We need woman to reproduce.
Algum tira essa cara da, por favor?
FUCK TRUMP
The stuff he listen about how we need brains And stuff. WHY SHOULD WE ELECT YOU WHEN YOU DONT EVEN HAVE THOUGHS ABILITIES PUTA
it's funny and good hearted to call women dogs, slogs, and disgusting animals? i'm not laughing . fucking asshole
Biggest ego ever
i hope he doesn't get elected.
Trump is a great actor and I respect him for that. I bet he gets paid a lot for acting this way.
I'm voting donald, lets destroy woman im sick of their special rights and feminism
america is fucked if trump becomes president. let's all hope the 15 year old boy aka deeznuts becomes the president. #DeezNutsForPresident
Donald trump is a horrible person but I want him to win just to see how fucked up our country will be
Do you have a video that says Trump for jobs? All of your videos have negative headlines. Quit pissing off your fucking viewers.
I don't unterstand that People are going to vote for this idiot.
Lets put it this way, so far, SO FAR! Hilary clinton is winning the democratic vote by a pretty good amount, trump is also winning the republican vote and the chances are it will be clinton vs trump. A lot of democrats ive talked to like sanders more because Hilary is a liar and should be going to prison not president. Trump lets the media talk about him which is why he doesnt put a lot of money in his campaign. When i hear on the news all they say about trump is what he says on twitter. They never talk about his points on only wanting legals in the country. You have to choose. Do you want a billionaire who can help this country's debt due to being a successful business man and maybe deport many illegals in this country, or you can vote for Hilary who broke a few laws and then destroyed the evidence. Hilary has been proven to lie a lot. It is your choice. Trump, a man who can help the debt and illegal problem or you can vote for Hillary, a liar and a criminal. You want a lying leader?
"We need brain" lmao
The soundtrack to the end:
https://soundcloud.com/digammaeta/bring-on-the-apocalypse
Rosie O'Donut is a sweathog .. I can find no error in The Donald's assessment of herP.S. PISS ON MEGYN KELLY !
Smack that whore.  I'll fire the first Shot on the war on women in her face.
Just because you speak what's on your mind and aren't "politically correct" doesn't mean you're not a fucking tool. If anything Trump is just an idiot who can't refrain from "letting the stupid out".

America (or better yet white trashies) shame on you for letting this guy get this much limelight.
Oh man it will be so fucking funny if this man wins hahahaha he's the Ford of the US! 
Sincerely,
The rest of the world.
Just w8 to see him becoming the next president,and then World war 3.
"War on women"? What a fucking joke. I come from a post-communist country and a country occupied by nazis during WW2 and trust me this is EXACTLY the same rhetoric used in communism or nacism - you vilify men, make women look like victims and present yourself as the saviour in order to get to power so that you can dictate others what to do (liberal policy) , how to think (political corectness), how to live (feminism) etc.. Sadly this mechanics usually works.
the embodiment of America !
Truuuuummmppp!
hey americans... u loose, u need a new war. trump is your new bush, bitshes.
i love him
I love how the Republican Party is tearing itself apart. When Republicans took full control of Congress this year, they were determined to show voters they could govern responsibly. Instead they've been tearing each other apart in extraordinarily public displays, delighting Democrats and giving some in the GOP heartburn as the party aims for the White House in 2016. No chance that they can present an electable nominee.
Trump is a potencial tiranny and a lunatic.. He lives in a world of his own where what realy matters is just trump and his ideas, his rules, his words, and his wisdom to save united states and may be the entire world....Cause, he thinks he is the smartes person alive, and think that no one can match his wisdom, so, he think he should be leading united states and the rest of world too.    He sees anybody against him as stupid people who dont no shit, and are nothing but dum people and as ignorants as the rest of the world. Cause, no one knows better then trump and nobody should be questioning his wisdom and his intelliguency; cause,no one can match it.  He is think he is the best white person alive, and that he is superior then all white people together trhat are nothging but stupid people, and that all the rest of races are nothing but criminals, rapers, and murders.  So, all he only wants is to help the stupid people that live in this world as a favor, cause, he is a good person doing this just as a favor and as a good citizen who loves his country..         But, He is a crook, a liar, a narcissit, an egomaniac, and a deceiver of himself..
I'm going to apply the republican logic in my argument for a change: How can Trump control a country when he can't even control his own hair?
I think he learnt something from Joan Rivers
https://www.facebook.com/iwillvotefortrump2016
People need to calm the fuck down.
Canada desperately needs a Donald Trump .he is a God sent don't stop saying the truth please don't change.
TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT
This makes me so sick
gross
No, he is part of the war on feminazi garbage!
No Trump is a puppet. they are all  puppets if you think your going to vote our next president your out of your mind.
Fuck u trump
The fact that so many people find what he says inspiring worries me greatly. Sure he speaks his mind and doesn't "back down" but you people have it all wrong, he turns that in a negative when it should be seen as a positive. If Bernie Sanders doesn't win then America is filled with bigger idiots than I ever even imagined. This man is a bigger joke than Obama.
If he wins this country is fucking over
Fuck Doland Trump
I can't  post anything negative. YouTube won't let me
his going to cause a civil war in American to much conflict
his going to cause a civil war in American to much conflict
The reason why trump will be different from most president, and actually make change is because he doesn't need lobbyist or outside help to run. He owns a billion dollar company he has all the money to run, and this time you can see that he is actually trying, and he doesn't have to lie to the people because he doesn't need to do anything for any big business since he IS big business luckily he's also a patriot. Will trump change America for the better that's the real question, because the way it's headed now you better hope he will change it for the better. My opinion is out of all the candidates the only 2 I'd vote for is Bernie Sanders, and Donald Trump, because those two are the only one that I believe that have good policies and will be good for the economy. Which lets be fair the most of you only care for a bigger pay check and cheaper gas.  #Berniesanders2015  #Trump2015 #Hilaryforprison2015
his hair looks like someone tried to blur out something on photoshop
Fuck Face (Donald Trump): I think I want a snow cone
*cheers and applause
Well America is already a fucking joke, why not
come on, naive people!! if Trump is a sexist, then why is Ivanka the VP of his company???
Megyn was on her period.. She NEVER should have hosted that debate.
There is no way Trump will or can win the election. His biggest fan-base are white males, I saw the 30,000crowd he had in Alabama on tv, I alsoheard that there were people thereshouting "White Power" is this really someone we want as president?
Wut haz thizz wurld come 2
Wow what has this world come too
Bernie Sanders 2016
Americans 
LMAO. Theres no "war on women". There is actually a war on men, made by women.
Next president of USA!!!!!yes!!!!
Disrespect on women  I hate those men
"war on women" ????? In the USA?  Is this a fucking joke? What a stupid bitch Megyn kelly is.  The war on women is in SAUDI ARABIA or something, not here in the USA.  Accusing men of being "at war" with women and trying to oppress them or something, fuck is wrong with that lady?  TRUMP 2016.
Fuck women! Who's with me?
Fox never gave a fuck about this bullshit feminist regime until they could use it against trump.
This is like asking is Fox News is a respectable news source. I think we all know that answer to that one.
The president is elected to represent the people of the United States; the most diverse country in the world. It's kind of a job requirement that you be politically correct. What a joke.
Everyone who is smarter than Donald Trump doesn't support Donald Trump.
This chick is a fucking joke. Trump is part of the war on women??? Bahaha come on lady stfu.
This may be the first election where the candidates aren't bought and paid for. Say what you want about Donald Trump, he doesn't need anyones money to tell him what to say. And Bernie Sanders certainly isn't paid for by big corporations on account that they despise him.
YES! He slayed that politically correct blonde moron!
Am I the only one that has stopped following politics in this country? When does any respectable and/or qualified potential president ever come up?
if he becomes president, maybe we (germany) can finally find the guts to stop being the bitch of the states... this would be awesome
I don't know who I hate more: feminists or trump
Thank God! Finally, a presidential candidate who cares MORE about competently managing a country than he does about playing POLITICAL/RELIGIOUS POPE of the U.S.A.
God what I wouldn't give to see that ape-haired assclown debate Hillary or Bernie. There'd be nothing left but a puddle of orange flesh and hair under his podium. (Provided the podium hadn't already collapsed under the weight of his massive ego.)

Trump supporters. The man cares about one thing alone: Himself. And I've never seen him so much as feigning to imply otherwise
its either him or rand paul. togetherness and united we would bring this country back from piss to glorify in mass good. or.. go left without values.. for good. whats... right.... (literally) aha :)
i don't know anything about politics.....
That people applauded him for being sexist makes me sick
If trump becomes president I'm moving to Canada :/
The American people are probably going to elect him as president and down the line end up regretting it like the rest of the presidents they elected. America for you...
i swear he gets dumber by the dAY. the scary part is he has the support of every idiot in the U.S. and there's plenty of them judging by the comments here...
Fuck Donald Trump
I just hope that when he become president that all those fucker would eat their own word and all move to Canada or Mexico so we can build a boarder from both sides
He is so dumb oh my god
what's wrong with his hair?
Ha! I love this guy! If I were American, he'd have my vote.
you've gotta be the dumbest person on earth if you think donald trump is part of the war on women
I am so fucking scared that someone as stupid as this pile of trash is running for president
Donald trump is so funny . He gonna be the best president ever!!!
Fox news is pathetic
I'm not sure if I should like, because it's hilarious seeing Trump making an ass of himself, or dislike, because I'm watching Trump make an ass of himself.
Honestly, I will pick this guy over Hillary any day.
Megyn Kelly is a disgrace to women
https://soundcloud.com/hdpp-hush-da-pharoah-prod/fuck-fox-news
Bitch gets all snooty when she doesn't get the answer she wants to hear....
I would vote for him just for shits and giggles.
Unfortunately the US can't win in everything against Mexico, China and other countries. Perhaps Mr. Trump does not know it, but there is a process called globalization. It is shame, but this process is bigger than any country and it is unlikely that Mr. Trump can do anything about it.
BOOOM! SHE JUST GOT FUCKING TRASHED!
TRUMP! TRUMP! TRUMP!
what a twat
Don't be a chauvinist pig, Donald. The bitches don't like it.
Megan Kelley and rest of the criminals & traitors on Fox are programmed agenda driven whores who keep their huge salaries by pumping their idiot fans with arch conservative Fox Chief Roger Ailes propaganda.

Yes, the same Roger Ailes that Hannity, OReilly, & the rest of the talking heads on Fox have to negotiate their contracts with. 

Yes, the same Roger Ailes that was consultant to 3 past Republican presidents. 

Yes the same Roger Ailes that more than a decade ago said that owing a news network would give him more power than any president, and the power to make or break any president.

The same Roger Ailes whose extreme views are even to the right ofBeck & Limbaugh. 

Ol Roger makes sure that Fox is the propaganda arm of the Republican Party.

And don't equate Fox with CNN or MSNBC. CNN just mines controversy for the sake of ratings, but at least makes an effort at balanced coverage. MSNBC is a left leaning opinion channel, and they are open & honest about it, but they are also scrupulous fact checkers. (Even those media are corporate owned, however, and subtly push establishment candidates and the corporate agenda.)

Fox, on the other hand, is a blatant 24/7 propaganda machine, dishonestly representing itself as a "fair and balanced" news station. And rather than being a scrupulous fact checker, it serves a non-stop stream of lies, deceptions, spins, manufactured scandals, & bullshit partisan "claims" & "assertions".
Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders agree that we shouldnt be sending our jobs oversea, that our infrastructure is crumbling and needs to be rebuilt, that our trade agreements are one-sided and need to be fixed, that that the politicians serve the corporations and wealthy campaign contributors. (If you give, they are there for you). I even think that Trump may be more effective in renegotiating the free trade deals.

But where Trump ends, Bernie Sanders is just beginning, with things like universal single payer health care, overturning Citizens United and going to public funding of elections, breaking up the big banks and financial institutions, stock transaction tax, tuition free public colleges and universities, closing loophole that allow the rich to pay a lower effective tax than the rest of us and evade tax by socking their money in offshore tax havens, raising the minimum wage to $15....and much, much more.
Watch 3 video's and you will be praying that Bernie Sanders becomes president: 1) Who is Bernie Sanders, 2) Alan Greenspan schooled by Bernie Sanders", 3) Bernie Sanders Rally in Madison, Wisconsin.
"For the record" there is no war on women. Look at the feminists, they're so politically correct, and they try to change the idea of the woman as nothing more than a smaller version of a man with tits and a cha-cha. When in reality they are a totally different type of gender which can bear children. And that stupid girl reading off of a paper is probably just hired because she looks sexy.
"we need brain in this country to turn it around" ... he just ruled himself out
LOL americans would vote for a chicken wing on a stick, not realising there vote means absolutely nothing. china is now the world dominant economic power simply because they had nothing and will work hard, the world has known for a long time decades that the usa is bankrupt and living far far beyond its means, personaly Im now learning Chinese roll on capitalism lol and ps learn to work for $2 an hour too compete.
Americans should be happy that for once you have a successful business man who is not scared of telling the public the truth. In politics that doesn't come around often. Here in the UK we have Nigel Farage but he gets slated by the media alot like your Trump. So sad.
"We need brain" - Trump, clearly he doesn't have one.
USA? politically correct? You're fucking kidding me. You don't even have a law that limits hate speech. You're the kings of saying whatever comes to your mind without a filter.
107 500 migrants came in Europe in July only. Don't you think The USA is responsible for this and should help?
"But feminism, Political corectness, Social justice warriors, THE VICTIM COMPLEX!!"

Trump: "America's fucked, we got no time for that bullshit anymore"
what to fuck?
Wenn dieser Mann Prsident wird, dann gnade uns allen Gott.
i say vote him in!
He's an idiot but he's honest as **
Can we make him president just to see how much hair he loses?
Oh how I love you Canada. We might have a few bad politicians, but at least we don't have a Donald Trump. I'm praying for you America...
Too bad he doesn't have any brain.
I wish people were obliged to take an IQ test and have an intelligence assessment with a psychiatrist before they are allowed to vote.
I'm almost sure this "men" could easily be diagnosed as a psychopath.
"...the moral test of government is how that government treats those who are in the dawn of life, the children; those who are in the twilight of life, the elderly; those who are in the shadows of life; the sick, the needy and the handicapped. "
Why does everyone hate political correctness? Do you not enjoy the right to not be oppressed by society because of a disability, or your sexuality, your race, caste, social class, religion or gender? Do you not enjoy the right to vote? Do you not enjoy the right to free speech? Do you not enjoy the right not to be harassed at work or at home? Do you not enjoy the right to follow your own beliefs in peace? All these things are because of political correctness. 

You're complete morons. America is fuckin doomed.
This entire room is full of morons
why he is holding the lips ,like he is sucking something.Donald BJ tramp
fucking nut mason ,you are satanist ! fuck off ! this shit will bring the end of america
The problem is that America doesn't  have goods participants at the presidential election,and yeah,maybe this shit will win.Anyway..america is a country with stupid man and they will choose donald skunk..donald tramp
This is just silly
what the fuck is this. a fucking debate? or a stand up fucking comedy show? fuck american fucking politics. its a joke.
I want him to win just for the experience
So when a man calls one woman a pig, he's a sexist, but when I hear everyday women saying that "all men are pigs", it's acceptable? TRUMP FOR PREZ!
why is he talking about america? she asked him a personal question
War on women? Loooool be serious
I didn't know there was a war on women! How do I join the fight?! I'm SICK of women to death!
Fucking pig
The idea that insulting a woman is inherently mysognistic is idiotic. Nobody raises claims of misandry when Trump calls men names, but when he calls a woman a name it's sexist. Nonsensical!
I Think She was Just letting The Donald Know ,He makes her Really horny
Thats when Chicks get bitchy
Donald Trump? More like Donald Duck, if you vote for this dumb stupid racist president, your not "ok" because he hates Mexicans and Chinese and now Women? Ha. Your funny Trump. Never gonna vote for this Duck.
Oh thank fuck, I was starting to think UK politics was getting silly over here. I mean, shit guys, really?
Lmao. watching people fall for trumps shit is as face palming bad as when the libtards fell for obamas shit.
Holy shit, if he's the president, I'm moving to Europe.
"This guy takes shit from no one! He's the savior of this country!!" 1 year later.. "Why The Fuck Did We Pick This Selfish Asshole.."
If this guy becomes president, I'm leaving America
I'm sick of this type of people. Mr. Trump believes the American people are so stupid as her hairstyle. Mr. Trump you are wrong. Do not think that we have not realized your plan, you are a lover of blacks Muslims and communists, and so you're trying to blame Mexicans for criminality in our country. Obviously most of the wetbacks have no right to vote but blacks can. And you filthy bastard you want them vote for you. But America is attentive to the demagogues, like you, and we will not fall into your trap. We all know that when a cop is running, it is because there is a black front of him. They are the real evil, the cancer, the plague that is destroying the pillars of our country. Latinos are so stupid and cowardly to be a serious threat to america. shame on you.
Trump for Pres Hillary for Priz
What is this? A politician or comedian? I guess the American people votes for comedians...
Wow u are all a bunch of iggnorant fucks this aint even ur country (white people) u want ur country back get ur fucking white ass on boat and sail the fuck to england cause this country.isnt yours its the native americans fucken stupid imagration is wat makes usa so great its no ones country no ones fuck you trump what about the imagrant iligals who come here tp better theyre lives to have the oportunity that they dont have in their home country u speak whats on your mind but its bullshit
Fox News, you can't stop the Trump Train to the White House. Fuck you and this cunt Megyn Kelly!
CAN"T STUMP THE TRUMP!!!
What Trump should have said:

Megyn, without recalling the context of all those quotes, I will promise that you wont hear me disparaging women in this campaign. I love women and respect themI think we shouldve had Carly Fiorina on this stage. But Ive operated in a different arena. Commercial real estate is a rough world, and sexistand Ive brought women into that business. The Apprentice is entertainment, and a bit of outlandishness helps ratingsas everyone at Fox News knows.

But war on women? Im surprised youd invoke the Democrats talking point. They apply that description to anyone who questions their extreme views on the life issues. If you dont blindly follow their absolutist view that any abortion, for any reason, in any trimester is perfectly fine, you are somehow anti-woman. Hillary Clinton seems satisfied that the number of abortions in this country has decreased slightly. Its still 1 million a year. Planned Parenthood is trafficking in the body parts of those babies. More than half of the unborn children aborted in this country are girls. If allowed to live, theyd grow up to be women. Thats the real war on women, and Democrats are leading it, Megyn.
From a international perspective, the fact that America is either as fucking stupid as the rest of the world believes or that money talks in such a way is shocking. You blindly vote for a clinton - great choice btw, looks like she's got nothing to hide..... , a bush - that went well last time...., or a trump billionaire, - renowned retard with no respect on a global scale. The real question is why does your democracy work in such a way that you leave yourself with a dynastic choice of blatantly corrupt egotistical politicians. or the fucking blonde haired monkey? .....dicuss....
....
The fact that this ridiculous guy is even under discussion of becoming a president shows the state of the American society. But oh well who expects anything in a country that employed Sarah Palin. South Park isn't so far away from the truth anymore in the sarcastic portrays of Americans, lmfao.
If the US and the UK both had right wing governments, then both countries will once again be forces to be reckoned with.
Roses are Red, Violets are Blue, there is always a Donald Trump that's richer than you.
There is no war on women. People wake-up and use your common sense and do not be lead around like a bunch of sheep.
This guy is a narcissistic cocky confident arrogant man. And that's why I love him! He is a born leader. In life there are three types of people. Some people make it happen, some people watch it happen, and some people wonder what just happened. Trump makes it happen. Please vote for him America, he is the answer to most of your problems! Regards, Australia!
Political correctness is a big problem? God forbid you have to be considerate of others. Its a sad day when people, especially politicians, do not have the time to speak in a way which does not offend.
   ,    .
He needs to shut the hell up he more Focus on other things. You know what he is a pig and idk why anyone would vote for his dumbass
Ancora un po' che ti fai tirare la faccia ti si chiudono gli occhi, il cervello  chiuso da tempo.
Yes!!!!
That end part we need speed we need determination we need brains witch he has non of ??
Finalllyyyy the iraqi people may have their vengence when donald trump will become president.
Prepaaare USA for becoming a third world contry when donald is gunna be president.
HHAAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAH










i love american by the way.
He's a dick
Trump for 2016 President hell yesssss...... He will kick ass
This guy seems like he will start war with china and mexico and why tf are people from such old generations are even standing.. it should be some guy imn 40s or 50s at most.,
War on women? Is that a new shoe brand? It has to be if women are paying this much attention to it.
Trump becoming president, dis gun b gud !!!!!
Yes she is right, in this country women and dogs are the most important, despite other countries in the world.
Donald is a troll he's stealing attention so that people will notice the Republican party and the fact is he's not running to win he's running so that one of his peers wins. We all know the person who spends the most money wins and in this case when a billionaire like Donald trump who is funding his own campaign takes votes away from people who deserve it BERNIE SANDERS he's helping himself to become more privileged. With a bad economy and him having a lot of money he is effectively in control and all the rest of the billionaires in America.
Fuck Trump i hate America.he is from england.....
Trump doesn't offer much solutions to our serious economic problems other than to say we need better negotiators. Sorry but that is not gonna do it. We need to slash government spending, repeal regulations, lower taxes, and let the free market flourish.
doonerld tramp can suck on a big fat sword
Donald a trump is so poor. All he has is money :(   <\3
There is no brain under that horrendous head of hair.
des is in wahrheit garnich donaldo trump
You know they have nothing on him when they have to bring up his twitter lmao
Why democracy is fucked and why were all doomed to hell.
He's right though no matter why you say people always got a hue stick up there but fuck political correctness
So there are people actually voting for him? People are actually behind him on this? I seriously thought that him running was a joke! wtf is this world comming to?
If the US elects Trump you deserve all the hurt and embarrassment that orange womble will cause you.
I don't know the definition of rude anymore
it looks like someone used the blur tool on his hair
I hate to say this but this guy made sense, I still think some filter is needed
What a clown. No wonder Merica is so full of bullshit.
this is not good
I love it... he is so funny. And thats the reason why he is there... to increase the the viewers.... its all about the Money baby....

greetings from germany
sad
I would like to see Donald Trump talk about the true stateof health care in this country. Him not being a career politician, is probably the only candidate that has the courage and means to bring about true changes in thehealth care industry by bypassing all the lobbies and bureaucrats.

Those of usworkingin thehealthcare industry know that healthcare in this country in on the verge of collapse.Our citizens are getting third word level of care only with a first world faade. Healthcare in this country has become a theatre. We need a true leader with courage and open mind who can take bold stepsto change it for better.

I would like Mr. Trump bring this issue to the forefront, just like many other issues he did. I believe he is probably the only one among all the other current candidates who has the courage,blunt honestyand expertise to bring about real changes in thehealth care industry this country so desperately needs. Iam not veryhopefulwithall the other candidates in this issue, because, they have allheldsome sort of offices, had a chance to bring this issue to the forefront, but did not. All politicians are focused on upholding or defeating Obama carewhich mostly deals with the insurance issue, but no one is talking about what can they do with it. Obama carefailed to addressaccess to care,level of care,quality of careand the numberof itsproviders.

I applaud Mr.Trump's vision tomake this country great again, but it won'tbe so great if its citizens are not in great states of health.
  A Concerned Physician.
Being a women and voting for Trump is like being an African American voting for someone that is pro-slavery.
He is right, the US needs brain to fix the country - that's why he is not the one who should rule it. Got his company into bankrupcy many many times, that's how smart he is!
So he doesn't have time for empathy and humanity. Perhaps before you attack others, you should realize that you attack your own. Perhaps it isn't a gender issue but it sure is an ego issue mr trump...you never learn and grow unless your open to challenge, others opinions and perspectives, and so on.
As a moderate liberal, I see this too clearly.

Media from both sides are relentlessly attacking Donald Trump, the leading republican candidate, even FOX News!, what does that say? Never in history has FOX News turned against the leading candidate of their own party.

That's because Donald Trump is not a career politician, or as I call them, an "establishment" race horse. Betting on both sides of the horse race has always gotten "the establishment" what they wanted.

But this time, oneman is not bought and paid for. They can't control the Donald, he's self financed and owes no favors. He knows how the game works becausehe played it.

Get over your dumb red/blue/lib/con biases, think for a second, and vote for America.
I don't really understand much about who's running for president. Can anyone give me your stance on the candidates and maybe who will be better or not be better?
This guy makes me lol! I find women the most important entities on this earth, respect them
If I was a republican Trump would have my vote. Him overcoming all the adversity he's been through with the media alone has shown me he'll continue marching on even through the worst of times. This is an aspect a president should always possess.
Trump is fucking amazing. Everything he says is gold
I think I moved to the U.S. at one of the most interesting times...
Megyn Kelly is a whore
I would like to rip off that dead bush off his head
Fox News, you're fired!
OMG! He better not be president!
Will anyone vote on this failed comedian?
The mans a Dick has nobody noticed?
Ok he's rich but that's because Daddy left him a heap of money not because he's clever or anything.
I still believe that someone used the blur tool on Donald Trumps hair
Hannity should of hosted this.
Fuck Trump and the people who support him. They're all fucking retards who shouldn't be allowed to breed anymore.
President  Trump 2016
President  Trump
I love trump, but i wish he had Bernie Sanders' mindset.
he means BUSINESS - is what this country needs! Enough said!
I love the Donald, i dont care what he said of women! Hes right and the BEST!! Get em Mr. Trump!!
They picked on Donald Trump. 
Nice try, biased media.
But we wantAmerica out of debt!!
We want Trump!!
take it ass back where u came from. a true American Indian my land my rights
The media in this country ARE political correctness. 

Donald Trump is the number 1 cultural adversary of Big Media. 

He is telling them their entire profession is built on a foundation which is a total lie. 

They are politically correct and very comfortable financially. Maybe Megyn Kelly will donate some of her huge salary to give young people jobs? 

Meygn Kelly is nothing more than a republican mouthpiece. 

She has her job, so what does she care about all the unemployed people in America?

Donald Trump calls her out without even giving it a second thought. Politically correct media = self interested hypocrites. Very comfortable ones at that. He knows they are comfortable financially, so they can afford to use other people's money, to pay for this and to pay for that. Never their own.
Hilary will win, plus u can't win if ur against China, it's too obvious, Americans don't want to miss with the ones holding their debts.
if he wins, i am going to move to america
reading these comments makes me very horrified of the near future, y'all are disappointing
reading these comments makes me very horrified of the near future, y'all are disappointing
Boooo I don't like Donald trump he hates us Mexicans that's mest up
I hope he is paralyzed by a stroke, goes bankrupt again, drools and finally chokes in his sleep. I know that sounds kind of me, but I've never been one to say overly harsh things on the internet. I keep it down to what people fairly deserve. I know, make fun, call me "Mother Teresa", but again I have standards....   here's the thing.  He's too much of a clown to ever become the president.  So I figure he's there for another reason.  But what?  some type of distraction of something.
Another typical American has to be on top of everybody and control everything
Megyn Kelly < Leaky Diarrhea
if wall street decides too put a deaf blind retarded serial killer from Poland in the whitehouse then that's who will be president wake up you dumb fks
he even looks like a ass whole
Women in the U.S. have it better than any other in the world.. You can be serious fox
He is a fat stupid racist mean and DISGUSTING I hope he dies stop cheering FUCK DONALD TRUMP I HATE U PENIS FACE FAT ASS I'm MEXICAN and FUCK U I HOPE U DIE AND EL CHAPO GETS U HES A CRIMINAL AND HES BETTER THAN U U DONT MEAN WHAT U SAID U BITCH
Losing the womens vote in less than 3 seconds ...going down in flames.
He also humiliated, on national television,a Latin pageant winner, so yet another time he disrespected a Latin person . I can't wait when they find out how many illegal immigrants he has working for him,then he will not be able to continue running for office.
The fact that he gives no shits that he is a disrespectful bastard.
This guy leads the republican poll... I find it funny that americans feel offended when they are told that they are fucking stupid.
why are they clapping? Do they not want equal rights for All women?!?
he....kinda avoided answering her question with "politcal correctnesss" and watvers
He is racist, homophobic, arrogant, and talks descending to women, (another american wonder child i guess?) I know he practically is the american dream, but is this seriously the man you want as president? the man you want to represent your country? good luck from Europe...
Did anyone catch the end of her question? "War on women". Since when the fuck was there a war on women? Like the boss said, this country is too damn politically correct!
i hope people know there is not women s rights,black rights, gay rights, and all these rights.
there are only the rights that the constitution state saying all men are created equal  and so all groups of people are to be treated the same way
That fuckin bitch, she looksuseless with her stupid comments
wow America is so stupid, you can't see a clown when he is in front of you, a clown who has won you over with money and comedy. Trust me, that's not near enough of what a president needs to be a good candidate.
What kind of bullshit is Donald trump say about war of wemen when hes talking about China and Mexico are wining.donald trump wants to be President but can not fix his hair
Berlin Wall in Mexico and united States  that what he wants lol
Apply cold water on burning area That bitch got OWNED.
Trump says something mean to everyone yet when their women its now bigger issue?
What an ass...
Has anyone else noticed what a narcissistic,misogynist bastard he is? or only i'm the smarter here to notice this?Trump is extremely narcissistic, a bully, thin-skinned, sexist, racist, a jerk, poorly informed on many issues and emotionally immature.. but anyways, he knows exactly how to get an idiot's attention. no wonder so many rednecks and racists support him.. statistics show that the people who support him didn't get an education past high school which they finished 40 years ago.. and What the hell is going on his Hair? its look fake..
Donald trump is not the president america needs but the one it deserves.
Love that he totally blamed his sexism on her. lol yeah what a bitch for asking a question that many people (especially those who are female) have been wondering about and is actually very serious. haha it's not like he can't take a woman seriously and won't totally screw himself over and lose a bunch of female votes. I'm gonna go brag about how great my momma is and then call every other woman I know a slut if she doesn't want to bang me (and a whore if she does). science is scary, fire is evil, and Thomas Edison was a witch
The nails in his coffin delivered in grand style!  Love you Megyn!
Damn white people xDDDD
If trump became president I wonder how great it would be. I mean I'm white and male so I get all the perks
Megyn Kelly bad move to talk bad about a candidate
War on women? Wtf?
How can you people be applauding this piece of literal shit? He's basically saying that he can't be bothered to care about his own people because he's too busy rolling in money! He completely brushes off the offensive comments, THIS ISNT THE KIND OF BEHAVIOUR YOU WANT FROM A PRESIDENT!!! I hope this sexist pig crawls back under the rock he came from. Thank god im not American.
So basically he called women stu~pid?
he probably gonna send alot of people to war
mmm yeah so shut the f*** up you slimy piece of s***
if we need brains in to be fast and smart then does he want to be president.  honest you might die in a year because that's how old are you are
I feel so sorry for the woman, it must have been hard to put up with him. Why do people applaud a guy like this? Seriously, I need some explanation
"Is Donald Trump part of the illuminati" 




Only true mlgs understand the strugglez lol
Of course Trump shouldn't be president because he's Trump but we need someone like Trump! Someone who wants to generate wealth, isn't coerced by all the politically correct and lobbyists and has the balls to defend their views
Of course Trump shouldn't be president because he's Trump but we need someone like Trump! Someone who wants to generate wealth, isn't coerced by all the politically correct and lobbyists and has the balls to defend their views
What an arrogant asshole this guy is. And it's a bunch of trailer park arrogant idiots that will vote for him. Trump wouldn't even be considered if he weren't a billionaire. MARCO RUBIO 2016!
he is like grown up eric cartman
he is like grown up eric cartman and if he wins ww3 incoming
he is like grown up eric cartman and if he wins ww3 incoming
he is like grown up eric cartman and if he wins ww3 incoming
Donald Trump if you are in fact a Democratic operative, please accept my personal thinks !
Being British this is confusing but he does remind me of Nigel farage ( it's not a good thing)
I think to be a president you would have to always try to be politically correct... Isn't that was most if the job is about?
I'm a registered Democrat and 2016 I'm fucking voting Trump as my President. It's about time we get a real set of balls to run this damn country. So sick of everyone faking to be someone they're not for the cameras and for votes. Trump is the real freaking deal and for that he has my vote and I'll make sure he'll have my wife's vote as well. My Son will be 18 next year so I guess you can pencil his vote in for Trump too. Yes a New Jersey democrat family is backing Trump. We need this man as our leader ASAP!
Trump 2016 he's our only hope. Democrats are confirmed communist. Bernie Sanders, is a socialist, and the dictionary says it's that socialism and communism are the same. Trump 2016.
What the.. this guy isnt professional at all. He pretty much said that he doesnt care about women and thinks theres bigger problems to be dealt with. Horrible, I bet we'll be hurting other countries and making too fast decisions in no time.
Leftism = Mental illness.
What Rand Paul should be saying, Trump took the campaign by the balls by saying the things Libertarians and constitutionalists want to hear.  

A lot of people resound with the nation's birthing ideologies and the concept of individual freedoms.  Trump knows what to say and as he's super competitive, he took another persons' line and guess what it's paying off.

The only consideration I have is that can he walk the walk.  Obama said he was a constitutionalist and someone who will protect the rights of the people but instead he became a Mao Tse Tung lite.  

Hopefully this is not just hot air talk from Trump
Get ReKt M8
Calls man a pig, feminist dont do anything, call a woman a pig, they riot
lol this is so funny Trump is so funny and nice  I was jk if you didn't get the sarcasm
in 1989 this womanizing pig told Larry King he had bad breath.....larry just sat there and laughed....larry king is too much of a class act to respond back......he should have told him to shave his head.....and his wife is ugly as hell....
Who cares what Trump said via Twitter, if it wasn't you:)  Thought this was supposed to be getting to know where the candidates stood on issues that the American people care about. Fox started the debate with a question that was supposedly being asked all the candidates but was really just for Trump! 
All night it seemed that Fox had an anti-Trump agenda. There were 10 candidates on stage yet some really got the short end of the stick because of Fox's preoccupation with what seemed to be "Let's get Trump"! And this is the News media that claims that the "Spin" stops here. Don't think so.
Trump/Jindal ticket!!!!
glory to trump. the other republican candidates are cuckservatives. and megan kelly is a filthy feminist
I'm thinking of changing from Republican to independent as i have been a Republican all my life but when it comes to immigration and the Republicans are leaning towards that way.I am not especially fond of Donald Trump i have got to say he's the only one that has balls enough to speak the truth and we need someone that has guts enough to say enough is enough.
There is no ' war on women' Fox , get off of the liberal talking points if youre really for the Republican Establishment.
Mr. Trump is a hero. He said, the only thing worth saying. "We don't have time for political correctness".
"War on women"??? Delusional Feminist moron! Donald Trump used insulting languaged towards men as well.
Donald Trump/Allen West
I thought USA reached the bottom with Palin but no, and this is sad.
Trump2016!!
Is he a new humorist or something like that ? "[..] and we need brain in this country [...]" rofl
LMFAO HE IS A REAL ONE !
I'm sorry, but this video is only showing the stupidity and ignorance of americans. this idiot does what he does best - being an idiot - and people actually APPLAUD him. what a sad sad country
Brains in America. Good luck man.
What war on women? What part of our social society are men as a whole body against women? This is a made up war created by the feminist movement.
HAHAHAHAHAHAH
His Love of Mexico is F**** Stupid
I don't know why he is wasting time...The republicans will never nominate him, democrats will not vote for him. He knows this. The man is a publicity hound and people are helping him out. Yay America! Yall go yall go! The world is going more ballistic each and everyday. Just think about where this is really going to end. lmao
His interwievs are indeed entertaining, but politics shouldn't be entertainment, don't you think so? He is a political popstar because people know him. His name everywhere. He never answers the question he's given, he just talks trash about everybody else. Hell he even admids he bought all the policticans that ruled America the last 20 years. He has an ungodly amount of money and when people can buy everything they want they start looking for power.
Is this guy really running for President... You American's crack me up.
You can still speak your mind and be a decent fucking person. Women's rights is not about political correctness it is about common decency and treating people with respect. Trump did get one thing right though, he is not politically correct, in the most literal sense of the phrase.
Lmao
I think that Trump will destroy America. people love him but he is so corrupt. You will see. He will be the type of president who will back off once there's an economic depression. Everyone is rooting for him like the people root for dictators in South American countries I pray to god he doesn't become president I pray.
Hillary is likely to become the Dem nominee, eh? Still think so?
Fox is bad as all the rest
Fox is bad as all the rest
The wage gap doesn't exist. do your research.
If this imbecile is voted in as president im moving to venezuela
Anyone who wants to live in a country where Donald Trump is president needs to SERIOUSLY get back on their meds. I must have entered another evil alternate universe I read about
ONE THING ABOUT DONALD TRUMP I GIVE MOST RESPECT FOR IS HOW WELL HE RAISED HIS KIDS  U NEVER HEARD ANYTHING BAD ABOUT THEM , OR THEY SPOLIED LAZY BUMS NEVER THEY ARE GREAT KIDS  TO HIM .
Some people might call him douchebag, but I think he is right, this bitch need to be slapped. ;)
So he owns 16 golf courses but cant afford a better hair stylist.
TRUMP WHY DONT U SAY IT THE RIGHT WAY IF ISRAEL COULD BUILD A WALL WITH OUR BILLIONS , WE SHOULD TO BUT WAIT FOR THE LAST TEN YEARS 67.000 INNOCENT MEXICANS DIED FROM MEXICAN CARTELS  CAUSE SO MANY AMERICANS LOVE THE DRUGS WE CREATED THE CARTELS SO ONCE THE WALL IS COMPLETE SHIP OUT THE ONE THIRD HERE TO MEXICO AND LET THEM DO ALL THE DRUGS WITH CARTELS , THEN BRING THOSE WORKHOLICS THAT WORK 12 TO 16 HOURS A DAY HERE 98 PERCENT ARE DRUG FREE . ALL WHO DO DRUGS HAVE BLOOD ON THEIE HAND S  ON JUDGEMENT DAY , R .I.P ALL THOSE KILLED IN MEXICO
How can people applaud this bull***t? Trump is obviously mad! Dear Americans, please don't be stupid enough to elect this narcissistic hypocrite!
maji kink averty shae shop to yoir naw jef kolor kop yoir naw jef averty big ?!
i feel very sorry for u americans if he gets elected as president. he's such a moron, people who believe in what he says are the same kind of selfish, ignorant and short minded lowlifes. Threatening and insulting others like he is doing to the competing candidates like a stupid schoolbully, u can assume as president he will fail big.
He probably watches porn
Donald should never be president. He can suck my dick! If he does become president I will kill myself
I swear if Donald Trump becomes president I'm moving to Canada 
Something I HIGHLY doubt is gonna happen
ewwww
eww
Trump tryna take control of this country when he need to be tryna control that hair. damn
Oh, come on, he says that about everyone. What's the big deal?
If he's elected he'll turn america into a 3rd world country
trump just please, dont run...
Trump never answers the question being asked and diverts everything back to the notion of the US failing, being taken over by China, becoming over saturated with Mexican immigrants, etc. He doesn't actually have a clue what he's talking about or how to solve anything. All he has is a bucketload of charisma and no substance. If Trump becomes president we will officially be living in a parody.
Looks like I'm moving to Canada
LoL! How is calling a girl a slob sexiest? Who calls a girl a slob, dog. He didn't even say cunt or bitch lol
I just heardDonald Trumpis a big supporter of Planned Parenthood. If you became president I would fear you would sabatoge the Republican party when it comes to defunding or anything to bring down planned parenthood. I am not convinced I can trust you, yet. It's not just baby body parts being sold. The companies they deal with like Senomyn and it's partners are using kidney cells, protein and DNA to put in foods and vaccines.
War on Women? HAHAHA
damn trump is a savage
I already know ppl
Going to assassinate him XD
Whatever he is or however people are perceiving him, what is happening in American politics will never be the same after Donald Trump. 

The scripted, infantilizing bullshit that was a REQUIREMENT is out the door forever. 

You don't have to agree with him to see how fun it's been watching him steam roll the right wing establishment. Fox News is beside themselves!
"you once told a contestent on celebrity apprentice, it would be a pretty picture to see her on her knees" 
Does that sound to you like the temperament of a man we should elect president?

Well he's certainly got my vote.
Trump calls a Cow a Pig and they call it a war on women. Clinton Rapes multiple women and they call it his personal business
OoooooooOoOoOOoOooOOoOoooOoOooOOOoooOoOooOoOooOohhhhh need some Aloe Vera for that burn bi***
How many of you want to start a petition for Donald's hair to finally leave his head. Ahahahahahahahahha
I lost some good men during the war on women... I lead the 33rd "BBH" (Bros before hoes) rifle division. we would raid  the female supply train that ran from Netflix all the way to a shrine dedicated to Chris Pratt. We would fire upon unsuspecting women, with volly after volly of opinions, which would destroy the enemies moral. When they finally found is it was hell, as our reputation caused them to sent out what they called the "Twerk Team". They made our men thirsty, so thirsty in fact that they would die dehydrated. It wasn't until I was able to call in for extra porn that 1/3 of our troops were killed or defected into the "White Knight" forces. What a war...
Let's start a war on women so they won't know the difference
he sounds like a child
Dear Mr.Donald trump Good Luck!
My very best wishes!
I use to like Megan
Didn't realize that women are under attack? Dumb asses
Wtf is wrong with this dude who ever supports this asshole is president its officialy a ww3
fucking retard, he's not even good looking.. fucking pig moron..
There's a difference between being politically correct and being a sexist pig.
SLIM SHADY 1999 COME BACK AND ROAST PEOPLE
omg this freak show has become a source of cadavers who feed off zombies..I agree with so many people..this man is an a hole..who threatens women but I have no time not want to see any more bs about this situation..why dont the rest if the male dogs, fat pigs and those who would look good on their knees get a room.a private chat room.  uuygh so much time spent with those who dont listen and those who need to pump up their limp parts..leave me outta it
Lord please don't make this man president
Even though Trump is running a successful campaign and speaks his mind, he still won't get the women's vote.
As a long-time Fox News viewer - I was very disappointed with their handling of the debate. They asked Trump lot of cheap-shot questions - especially Megyn Kelly - and hardly askedCruz and Carson any questions. I thought I was watching a debate with questions asked by the National Enquirer - it was totally ridiculous.
Fuck all i like trump some these republicans could fuck up and say what they want about anybody but as you tell them anything they start to cry like little girls trump 2016 fuck political correctnes
I like how u americans think this guy will change usa and your vote will count.
Why are we talking about a fake war on women when the real war is brewing.
stupid question wise answer haha
This guy tho... He's being selfish saying that this country isn't good. Together is better than anyone can do alone. He's not getting my vote
Game over for him. He is stupid and arrogant!  He does not even come close to being a man.
http://www.bvog.com/index.php?t=IDQf5gasc53ksFZ7T lmaooo
http://www.bvog.com/index.php?t=IDQf5gasc53ksFZ7T
so he's part if the war??
I get why he and the right are so angry. Liberals have denied morality. Mental health calls immorality a mental illness and from what I have read in this Fraud in mental health book, millions are on disability getting my tax money and creating fake jobs for social workers. I was looking at that elliot rodger shooter video on utube and found this.
How Elliot Rodger Retribution is Biggest 3 Psych Diagnosis
I'm completely against everything the Republican party stands for, I think Donald Trump is a complete idiot from what I've seen and heard of him, and I totally see where that lady was coming from in terms of referring to people as pigs and such. However, one thing I do actually agree with him on is that a we've come so far in terms of equality, yet we've stepped backwards with political correctness. Everybody nit-picks at every little thing that anybody says, and no one is allowed to say anything without people jumping up and saying 'ohh that's offensive to women, that's offensive to gay people, that's racist, that's offensive to people with mental health, that's sexist, you can't say this word anymore because it generalises people, blah blah blah'.

What he said was rather malicious towards women, even if it was meant light-heartedly. And I think there's a line you have to draw when people like him and Katie Hopkins are just being plain nasty about people for no reason. However, I don't think there's any harm in agree giving an honest opinion or making an innocent bantery joke that might be steered towards any kind of incline that might offend anyone, as long as there's no malice there.

I think if you're offended, deal with it.
I don't wish to be politically correct or biased, but it might be my opinion that we shouldn't lash out against veterans, women, and Mexicans- who I believe have only a tiny minority of criminals and rapists. By the way, I am NOT liberal. Just neutral.
bitch hot told.. slay Donald Trump slay
lol I can't wait for Donald Duck to win the presidential election, and fuck up the country even more. Bush, Obama, and now Duck? What a joke.
I would vote for Jeb Bush before I'd ever vote for Donald Duck
I would vote for Jeb Bush before I'd ever vote for Donald Duck
PLEASE White Guys don't let Hilary Clinton win,

I say this because I know blacks, hispanics and women are going to vote for her.
We need strength, we need energy, we need quickness, we need brain.... none of which this old fart has.
Hillary Clinton is a joke
"Don't you want to see a woma n in office some day!"
I rather haveCarly Fiorina by that woman
PLEASE White Guys don't let Hilary Clinton win, I say this because I know blacks, hispanics and women are going to vote for her.
Not really a Trump fan, but I'm glad he's talking shit because I've seen several woman bash men--and he's got balls.
f u t
based
For a minute there I though Megyn's head was going to do a 360 and she would puke on me. #Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
you can clearly see how mad this woman gets when the crowd laughs at her biased question. I agree with trump. blood coming out her eyes. nose flared. she is ready to fight.
if this man becomes president im going to start hanging out with EL CHAPO
He thinks she's treating him bad because of her tough questions? Well if he doesn't like tough questions, then he should avoid politics altogether.
HMMM having this douche be in command of our nuclear stock piles? FUCK NO! If he becomes president then I'm building a bunker
Hillary is looking better every day...keep talking Trump....keep talking....
What people don't understand is that Trump was bought out by the Democrats, what will probably happen is he'll gain popularity among republicans and when he isn't (inevitability) chosen as the nominee he will go independent and split the republican party. If he is the nominee then he'll sound so unreasonable to undecided voters that the republicans will have no chance. The only way for the republicans to win this election is for Trumps popularity to be crushed.

Also anybody remember that he supported the democrats last election? For all we know he could be doing this only for money. He might be being bribed by the democrats to do what I just stated in my above paragraph.
Man I love this guy! He takes shit from no one!
weather you like him or not that was funny, and hey at least they got good ratings and a lot of viewer so people need to stop bitching already , it was funny although I consider it more entertaining , but bravo.
love the Donald Trump I'm voting for him
I like him! Screw what stupid women think , fucking idiots
we r I big trouble
yeh
I love  him
Why are you so retarded Fox News?
Trump Rules!!!!
If Donald Trump becomes president,well, you Americans are fucked.
oh man i thought only in my Country(italy)the people would be stupid enough to vote for such an Idiot ^^he is americas Berlusconi ^^
Honestly if I was a hitman Donald trump would be the first one on my hit list
I never thought I'd say this, but good on you Megyn Kelly.
To answer the question of this video; the answer is no because Donald Trump is an equal opportunity offender. What is happening here is that Facebook is now financially supporting FOX and everyone knows that Mark Zuckerberg kicked off tech lobbying over two years ago. His agenda, in particular is to push for a significant increase in legal immigration. How you stand on that or the forming of FWD.us isn't really the point. It's whether or not youtrust what he claims is his agenda.

Also, cablenews anchors no longer exist. They'recorporate representatives that push for lobbyist interests. Did anyone notice that big "F" corporate logo prominently displayed behind the republican candidates?

The republican debate wasn't even a debate and while we're at it, why hasn't there been a democratic debate yet? Because you can't have a debate without Hillary Clinton and she's covered in so much mud right now that she has every reason to avoid cameras, let alone a proper debate, if one could actually occur, for as long as it takes for her to come up with a bullshit excuse for every controversy surrounding her.

Megyn's question was a cheap and old and reliable tactic that the Democrats have been using a decades. The truth is that if Trump doesn't like you, he shows it and if you've been checking the most recent polls, this attempt and smearing his character has hadno affect. He's still leading the Republican race. Maybe that's because he's the only honest politician running; and let's face it, for better or for worse, he wears his heart on his sleeve and refuses to play political games. He's a Washington outsider, which is an obvious statement on my part.

As for Megyn Kelly, herjob is to sell, not to report or moderate. That's what a fake is and for that, you just can't take her or any cable news station's questions seriously.
Fox News? More like Fucks News.
We lose to everybody.....He is right. America is not anymore the magic country of the 20th century.
she does not like humour, huh.
When Donald Trump said "we need brain in this country"  my reaction: YEA CUZ YOU TOTALLY HAVE THE BRAIN ALL YOU HOT IS A BIG DAMM MOUTH idiot he doesn't deserve to be president karma is GONNA slap that big damm mouth
There is no damn "war on women", we're in the US for god sakes not Saudi Arabia
#donaldtrump2016  #weshallovercomb
#Trump2016
The way he acts does not make me believe that he will be a good president. He can't address people like that. I personally don't expect him to walk into important meetings and conferences with a right frame of mind and be reliable. Now, I personally don't have a specific side but I would like a president who is competent, reliable, and thinks about defending his country first rather than defending himself and making himself look good.
I don't understand what the problem is with this clip? His Rosie O'Donnell comment was a joke....the audience knew that, he knew that, but Megyn Kelly and media didn't get it. Media needs to stop being so sensitive.
Oh god he's hilarious!!!!
"We need brain in this country." Very true.
Oh god he's hilarious!!!!
Overall Fox News is awesome....but in this ONE instance a fox news host is wrong. Big Deal
 To all of you Dumbshit Fox haters, dont lump all of fox with this one overly sensitive chick...plus she does say some good stuff
Conservatives are taking over and you weak, witch hunting liberals are going away for good! ha ha
I'm gunna vote for him
Is This CNN Or Fox ?????????
MEXICO BITCH!!!!!
Is this a joke or an insult? Western society is waging a blatant war War on Men right now, and we're confronted with these ridiculous headlines?
fuck trump
The "War on women" doesn't exist, simple as that. I should report this video for clickbait.
And we need you to shut the fuck up!
Never heard of "The war on woman"....Is this a FOX NEWS.....Thing?
How about a war on "political correctness" or a war on "the fed".
yes,the fed...the ones that bring so much joy to our lives and do the exact opposite of what America wants...yeah,those guys----ooops "those eunuchs"
http://youtu.be/ldMupRiIJ8w
Why the fuck am I getting a planned parenthood ads
"War on women" LMAOOOOO
fOR THE RECORD - IT WASN'T FAR BEYOND ROSIE O'DONNELL - ANOTHER LIE BY FOX NEWS.
TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP!!!!!!!!!!!!!

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
He's called men he doesn't like, much, much worse. Does that mean he is part of the War on Men? No. He puts down everybody he doesn't like, regardless of gender, race, or political agenda. Asking him to stop doing it to women is sexist, as that implies women should be treated differently. Maybe ask him to stop being a douche to everybody, not just a select group of people, then that'll be fair.
To top to beat, Donald 2016
People make too big of a deal about who becomes president anyway
Well damn if he can't respond quickly and speak well
Since when were our leaders picked by how nice they are and not by their leadership?
Donald Trump handled Megan Kelly's comment about women well; but that does not make him right; we must speak to the issue. Condemning the person is not acting in love, and cannot yield the desired correction.

The goal is true freedom, not lifelong slavery to employment. The goal is peace, not great military power for wars over ideology, trading partners or resources for our technology that is leading us toward extinction. The goal is good health, not health care insurance payments for policies with large deductibles that give the illusion of coverage as we continue to pollute ourselves into extinction. These candidates expect to continue us in our failed lifestyle that creates more problems with each advancement.

God's plan in the Bible is a government using His written wisdom, giving true freedom, peace and good health with equality and joy with families in same communities. None of these politicians offer an escape; they will replace the way we get insurance, or are more aggressive against our "enemies," or will prosper us in a way that we will enslave more people to that glorified slavery we are deceived to call employment and prosperity.

IF you want God to deliver us, you must want Him to be our candidate for president; He will provide the human vessel who can and will transition us to the desire of all nations, a save, peaceful, healthy, beautiful garden paradise that does not destroy its inhabitants or the land. Time is really running out quickly. Pray and Ask God for what you really want; NOW is the time to receive it.
So he is sexiest and racist?
How is political correctness a problem?
fair wages for poor
fair wages for poor
Just because he insults a woman doesn't mean he is anti woman. Great response from Trump. We don't have time for political correctness.
What War...he loves women, lots of them!  LOL. Seriously, this was totally unprofessional.  The questions a complete outrage!  you know shit will be dug up on other candidates now.  This woman reporter...whoever she is...should NOT be asking questions in anymore debates!  this is why I don't watch fox news, dumb ass reporters!  doesn't matter how you paint DT, people love him BECAUSE he is NOT politically correct and does not care if he offends!  he is like a NORMAL AMERICAN not these other FAKE ass holes running for president...
You must have credibility first in order to lose it. FOX News never had any credibility to start with, so it hasn't lost what it never had.

War on women. Pffft. Exactly what every stupid woman says when they don't get their way. "You don't love me anymore." "You don't like women." "You're mean." Bitch-bitch-bitch-bitch.
Trump straight up savage! 
God Trump is such an asshole
I LOVE how true pops upright at :17 and gives a fantastic response. lmao
if both dems and repubs.hate him,then he's the peoples choice and the best revenge for the people who have no representation anymore in the district of corruption,and he doesn't need the money,he needs a country !!
this guy Lmao.
Sometimes I just say big words to make me sound more photosynthesis
For all of those people saying Trump just defeated this woman you are so wrong the only reason you would think that is because you also probably support him and all of the people that were there are supporters of Trump if it was the other way around this comment section would look a lot different.
Trump starts bleeding out of his wherever at the end?
I hate trump
You know you're something special when Fox News, Republicans, and Democrats all gang up to attack you.
Hey Fox, many of us are waking up and realize the left/right paradigm is deceit!! Lies is all we get outta the mainstream media.... what a garbage heap you CNN, and the other professional mouthpieces of the global elite are- yuck
u sold your souls for a few minutes in front of the camera
Megyn Kelly is a bimbo.
trumps not going to win the election
No more politics as usual  The Great Backlash has Begun!
#TRUMP 2016
Look at how Megyn Kelly's nostrils flare. She is definitely out for blood.
Donald HATED Mxico. Idk if i should go a Long or no
Congrats repubs!!!!! You turned you're party into the jerry springer show...ha..ha..ha!!!!
You mean the assault on men? Did you know women commit more domestic violence in the United States than men.? If you told this to Megan Kelly she'd laugh at you because she lives in a fantasy dream world of estrogen and make up artists. She has a problem with powerful men and if anybody wants to see the real Megan Kelly go listen to her on the Howard Stern show the most filthy pig I've ever heard she's got a lot of god damn nerve throwing her estrogen laced hate around. And if the truth be told there's an assault on manhood in the United States and Christianity which is a patriarchal religion and that drives these women insane. Hey Megan thanks for being so fair and balanced you sexist asshole.
she gets paid by his competition to ask non presidential questions and ideas
she gets paid by his competition to ask non presidential questions and ideas
YOU CANT STUMP YHE TRUMP
Can you imagine if Hillary was asked about a twitter comment she made that said some guy was a douche?

Politics
Go America
Has my vote
I once heard someone say that Osama Bin Laden was the "Antichrist." However if you are going to go according to the Bible, the "Antichrist" is not someone who everyone hates, Bin Laden is in the clear. it will be someone that everyone loves, such as the Pope, such asKim Jong Il , such as Marilyn Monroe, such as Michael Brown, such as Eric Garner, such as anyone whom a whole group of people mindlessly worship.
So in like manner, Trump is not making a "War on women" that did not already exist and he is not the enemy to focus on. He is a clown who distracts people from the real issue.
Women would be better off not stereotyping themselves than telling anyone not to call them the "B" word. Women mindlessly worship the cosmetic industry. Women mindlessly worship the color pink, women claim that women are better than men because women bear children and are nurturing and not violent (etc, etc) .
Cut it out women. Take up guns. Sterilize yourselves. Don't buy makeup.
...war...on...women?...jesus christ, is this a troll? I sleep next to one every night, we dont pull out the guns and start firing at each other til were too tired...Talk about click bait. Whoever approved this video to be published should be fired.
THIS WOMEN IS INPARCIAL
How is Mexico doing better than U.S.? And this is coming from a Mexican
It's not about sweet talk it's about getting things done we don't need the BS! Donald Trump is for REAL!
Megyn Kelly is full of it! Her stupid questions where totally out to try to get Mr.Trump to fail in this event but that shows us how much she wants us to beat Hillary Clinton. Mr.Trump is the best we've got so let's support him for President of the United States of America.
SICKENING ! You DARE to call this "journalism"?!" ANYONE could plainly see that AT LEAST TWO OF THE FOX moderators were "gunning for Trump." It was a disgusting display of attempted character-assassination. keep praying for Donald Trump. he may be the 21st Century Ronald Reagan. PRAY that GOD's will be done in this election,
Hello Youtubers, This country has been in a decline for a while now, the interest groups have bought "our" politicians with their "helpful" donations to the political machine. This country was not founded on sweet talkers who focused on making everyone happy, instead they ran the country to make it one of the greatest on earth. Trump may not spew forth the words of an angel, but listen to what he says. Proven money maker, He is running for president because he sees this and he knows if we keep heading in the direction we are going we are all going to lose everything.
This how I interpret this question: "Many women in America are turned off by things you have said about women such as "fat pig". That behavior, is that really Presidential? The Democrats will go on and on about the War on Women, so how will you be able to prove to them you are not a part of that having this hiostory of insulting women?"
#vote4trump
if you're seriously considering voting for this man you need to have serious look at yourself. He has nothing to say of any substance, value or meaning.
Absolutely no need to watch the video... this channel's comments illustrate the point perfectly.
I don't understand why in every US show they are people in the audience screaming and shouting like if they were in a stadium. It completely destroys the meaning of a debate and reduces it to a show........oh, right that's why.
If Hillary Clinton won, she would waste her time doing stupid shit trying to end this "war on women" that doesn't even exist. She wouldn't focus on what's important and what needs to be done in this country
POV Europe: Problem with the U.S.: private millionaires are NOT politicians.Think 'bout it!
What we dont need is some fucking honky running this country. We need to see DickHead Trump dead resting in piss
We need less woman hating faggots that love to sleep with men behind they're wives backs. We need for the United States to stop funding ISIS. We need a real American leader that wont another puppet with a hand up his ass. We need real freedom of speech if we go against what they are trying to do to us or say something they dont like we are considered Terrorists. We need to wake up and start a civil war and burn this bitch to the ground.
Foolish honkys cheering on this gigantic tampon that goes by the name of Donald Chump. This type of white person needs to get chopped up in tiny pieces and fed to the sharks
Yikes; the blond anchor has so much make up on...can you imagine her in the morning, or without make up?! Probably would not recognize her...
Fuck that blonde bitch
Hes a bitch man hes all in it for the money hes pathetic.
America is dead if Donald Trump loses
MADE A FOOL OF ROSIE 3 TIMES, IN 2 MINUTES!!!!!!!!
You should get a real hair piece that looks very fake
donald you are despicable
gay ass birch
You stupid moron
The bottom line is this was a concerted attack on Trump. He turned it completely around on her and got the crowd on his side and so she got pissed.
What a "debate"! And here we go with the distractions again. Megyn Kelly was a real piece of work, asking National Enquirer type questions during a national debate. But I guess she has to do what her handlers tell her to do. I didn't see any tough questions for Jeb who was front runner just three weeks ago. No tough questions on immigration for Bush? The whole thing is a massive song and dance.....
Hmmm, so it seems a man can win power of an entire country based off of his charisma and charmingly funny jokes or what have you instead of his political views and beliefs. Maybe trump would be great on the comedy central roast or a superficial character in WWE, but do witty responses dictate one of the most powerful positions in the world?
Now I agree that we need a person with power, speed, cunning and intelligence, but i dont think Trump is best suited for the job
Megyn K. Why is Kelly MD GYN, so worried about a war on women? Because she has a career and doesn't want to lose. She is selfish. Obama has destroyed this nation and she is making a name for herself.
Gotta love Trump!
Go trump tell that b
I'm a feminist but damn is the bitch retarded! Seriously war on women??? Because he dissed particular women he's suddenly attacking all women. Can I slap this dumb blonde? Stop acting like men is supposed to worship us and fall to their knees with respect. You have to earn respect women or not. We have equal rights so we have equal low blows now. It's nothing personal against the female race, it's just equality. Feminism isn't about superiority, it's about equality among men and women, equal pay, no double standards, no gender roles, not don't ATTACK ME IM A WOMAN!
He never been rich without brain.
why?
WHAT I SAY, IS ... WHAT I SAY
He's the best
I'm really surprised fox news let's people comment on thier YouTube channel. They are basically setting themselves up to get ripped a new one by the general public.
Viva Seor Trump
Tump is a gump spread the word
Feminism is made up by the same people who use similar means in every other situation to cause the divide & conquer scheme. I can't believe how simple minded people are. It makes me sad :*(
QUACK QUACK!!
Donald Quack Quack.... Should run as a Third party. You're going to be able to chose your own questions. Donald 2016 Quack Quack.
100's of thousands, 100's of thousands of people, Gee, we should say 100's of Millions of people, 1000's of Millions. Almost the entire American nation needs YOU.. QUACK QUACK..
Please Please pleaseeeee. I, WE, the American people need you to run as a Third Party. America needs YOU Quack Quack. The entire world need YOU... QUACK QUACK.
I, WE the American people trust you...
Bomb the hell out of everybody, bomb the hell out whoever talks back at you. If they don't agreed with you, bomb the hell out of them....QUACK QUACK!!
Donald, YOU GOT MY VOTE... REALLY!!...TRUST ME!!
And we want Hillary crying on Putin lap... so solve the world. Woman and whom ever in the heat of battle get what ever will stick or be mean aggressive etc.
How is this guy leading the poles??
@Fox News War on Women!? Megyn Kelly is DELUSIONAL. Donald Trump only has issues with SEVEN women and that is because they insulted him first. He doesn't go around attacking women for no reason. If you bite first, he will rip you apart, no matter who you are. He counters everyone who attacks him, man or woman. Her question had nothing to do with any important issue. Megyn Kelly wanted attack Donald Trump and thought that he wouldn't be able to explain himself and would fumble his words. Guess what? She failed miserably. He owned her and the cameras didn't show her face after his response because she was completely embarrassed.
Obviously staged....
Okay trump just he's dumb in real life
Any things better than Hillary Clinton becoming president
What does a man's old Twitter comments (which were made before Trump was even a Politician) have to do with his Presidency now? Twitter isn't professional by any means of the imagination, so why bring anything involving Twitter up in a Presidential Debate? If Donald's Business Man mentality Twitter comments are stirring a fire why aren't Hilary Clinton's emails? If Megyn Kelly asked a more respectful and professional question Trump wouldn't of reacted like he did. Besides who the hell cares about Megyn Kelly? She stated "he's in the arena and so am I", last I checked she's not running for President and so she shouldn't by any means see herself as an equal to the Billionaire.
were losing to everyone cause we dont sell weed
I am shocked that D.Trump is leading in the polls after the 2016 republican presidential debate on Aug 6th. How can anybody be serious about voting for him? Didn't people hear his responses to questions? All he did is attack the questioner & resort to name calling. He didn't say anything of any substance.
Example, the question: "what proof do you have that the Mexican government is sending criminals to the U.S." answer: "The United States politicians are stupid, they are stupid. The Mexican politicians are smarter they are more cunning, they don't want to pay for their criminals... " people call that an answer? It was a lame answer, very poor.
He knows how to promote himself & stir things up to get ratings.
I'm hoping that once ppl see more of him they will see that he is very egotistical & he doesn't answer the questions presented to him, he acts childish resorting to name calling to increase ratings. He isn't very diplomatic. We all know that the president needs to work with leaders around the world, it's very important to foster working relationships under very difficult situations.
Voters in the USA need to really take a good look at Mr Trump, do some research & LISTEN to what he is saying and make an informed decision. We need to do that for any contender for the presidency that we may be considering.
If you are considering Donald Trump you may want to see this documentary called
Trump: Whats The Deal?
Click link below or copy/paste into your browser:
http://www.inquisitr.com/2299121/donald-trump-does-not-want-you-to-see-this-movie-about-him-but-you-can-watch-it-right-here/#utm_campaign=SocialFlow&utm_source=Facebook&utm_medium=Feed
Under Donald, America is going to go further down the drain. Most of you all idiots deserve him.
very scarey when all we have to vote for is a snorting dragon lady communist and a hollywood showman who gained popularity with rosie o'donle on his payroll
we need trump to be president... there isn't enough entertaining news out there
Megan is so Hott
She looked Dumb and mouthy stupid questions. .she should apologize.....Yes Rosie and you 2 dumbo ..so shut the h up B.He is the most Honest Person ..Better than you stupid
Wow, no news channels like trump
joshua sparks
Wait! How is NOT calling women "dogs, pigs, disgusting animals" "politically correct"?She asked him about his misogynist insults, and he repliedwith misdirection, saying the problem with this country is being "politically correct."He threatened Megyn, then said "but I wouldn't do that," then, within 12 hours, contradicted himself byattacking her as a "Bimbo" and made the unneeded grosscomments about "blood coming from her eyes and somewhere else." How disgusting must he be? Does "solving America's problems" release him from the ordinary duty to have good manners? Oh, he thinks he's above that. Manners are for the little people, not Trump. He is a narcissist, and we've already suffered through 8 years ofone as POTUS. Trump will be far worse than Obama, if elected. Trump is a recent GOPer, formerly an ardent democrat. His nomination will give the election to the democrats. If by some miracle he is elected, he will keep his campaign promises as well as he kept his wedding vows to his first two wives. He is not a good businessman, having 4 businesses go bankrupt. He made his money like a mob boss, in casinos. If he is the nominee, the campaign will resemble a 3 Stooges pie fight, with insults flying from him, who is super-thin-skinned and arrogant. He is a poser, playing to what the American people want to hear, tapping into their anger. He is dangerous and not to be trusted.
im canadian and we are gonna die laughing if he is elected
Can someone explain why people like this guy, and yes I'm a democrat
Can someone explain why people like this guy, and yes I'm a democrat
#JebBush
I want trump to get shot in the head like Bosh fuck u trump u fucking fagot i bet the mexican are going to fuck u up just wait
Donald trump is a savage
Go Donald tell it how it is
He is a good cunt!
i hate donald trump but he mad her look like a bitch
The latest pole showed FOX was getting their brains kicked in. They lost 15% in viewers and fell 5 points in the ratings and it's not over yet.

Welcome the new kid on the block. He kicked the shit out of the TV host bully! I would add 90% of the people that call themselves "Journalist" on the idiot box TV are nothing more then opinion shows. They are not news shows. As newsmen report the news, facts and nothing more. They don't give their opinions or spin it to fit their party line. They sure as hell are not chosen on their looks or how they appear on TV. I call those actors that are paid to tell lies!
Donald Trump is so stupid if he lost all his money and wealth and only had $1.00 left he would still have more money than brains.Seriously racist comments one week,sexist comments another week,what else does Donald Trump have to offer as President of the United States of America ?
Trump for president is a lot like owning guns: a lot of us want them, some of us even think that we need them. But when we have them, they are more likely to kill us than provide any real purpose or safety.
Donald Trump is an Asshole, but he would be capable of fixing our economy and restoring the US to its former glory. Hes strong minded and he will get the job done.
The so-called war on women is a "FALSE NARRATIVE". What are trying to do validate the "false narrative" so the media wonks at MSNBC will like you?
Damn he told you Megan Kelley you dumb blonde bimbo
I thought Faux News couldn't get any worse but now that Rupe has stepped down his boys are fucking the goat big time. Shill city pushing correct think. Trump is EVERY thing that Fox has been asking for for years and years and now they got it and their over lords changed their minds and now it's bad and no one should want it. Fox stands for what now? More of the same? More money fat pols doing nothing? More sell outs and cronies lapping up the gravy?
Megyn needs to get her little tushy into the kitchen and make me a sammich
Today i learned that backwoods hicks use the internet for something other than farmers only, apparently 'yall like watchin them here donald trump vidias and commentin an stuff'. well on behalf the rest of the developed world 'howdy partner'
It would be interesting to hear Ann Coulter's comments about this debacle. Very strange how she is silent.
Get rekt m9
Please white guys don't let Hilary win, I say this because I know blacks, hispanics and women are all going to vote for hilary
what war on women? fox is bullshit propaganda
Fuck Trump
She was out for him
Please white guys don't let Hilary win, I say this because I know blacks, hispanics and women are all going to vote for hilary
HAHAHAHA  I love the way he handled this dumb cunt.  Fuck all that PC bullshit. 

There is NO war on women.  If anything there is a war on MEN in this country.
Lynn
Voi Nao soy brasilia
How did i get to the business side of YouTube... Again?
Trump is losing for sure this is too funny
Donald Trump is not a president The President Of United States is The President Obama is not Donald Trump he not Like Mxico i am The only one he Like Mxico and United States Country Donald. Trump Is Crazy
trump you are the greatest save this country
This whole situation reminds me of the Black Mirror episode "The Waldo Moment".
4,000 dislike yassssss
oh don't cry boo boo
War on women? Haha hahahahahaha. Oh man that's good. Hasn't every statistic been proven be more damaging in men? Suicide, college acceptance, dangerous job, custody. The list goes on. Not to mention laws and society favor women over men in almost every situation. Unless of course you're talking about the middle east where a 8 year old can be married off and women are property. But you're not. You never are.
So, am I to understand that my first election that I can vote in is most likely going to be between Donald Trump, and Hilary Clinton? Are you fucking kidding me? I have lost all faith in humanity. Green party it is.
Fuck you trump
DONALD TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT
He's a businessman and biased in his opinion. All his ideas are one sided on a skewed perspective of a businessman. He doesn't know what's best for the people at all. I want a candidate that's informed rather than opinionated.
Bernie 2016!
I'm a woman and I don't feel offended by him or attacked by his comments in the least. I'm a grown woman and I refuse to have special allowances made for me because of it!
SENATOR     BERNIE  SANDERS    FOR   PRESIDENT
GOP   CLOWNS   NOW   HAVE   A   CIRCUS   BARKER
So... the answer was yes, right?
Coming from the network, and party that doesn't even acknowledge the existence of a "War on woman". The nerve of these people. You played with fire backing trump. Now he's gonna burn you. Fuck you Fox News
I'm sick of the news media like CNN making fun of trump, they always use his worst pictures on air. Don't they realize the public knows what their doing? To me their disgusting. Personally I don't think at all he said anything about her menses. Her question to him was ridiculous and another make fun of Trump Bull. He is right who wants to listen to this on GOP night when our country has gone to hell.
Lets follow this kind of dumbass logic. Trump has used harsh language on his fellow debaters who were men. CLEARLY, he has something against all men as well.
"war on women"
What will they come up with next
Notice that he fixed his tie before he said "Rosy o'donald" 
Hahaha
That's the dumbest use of the word "War" I have heard since Christmas.
The war one women? The WAR on women? The WAR ON WOMEN?? THE WAR ON WOMEN!??? Okay, Women getting paid less for the same job is bullshit, it should change. Women being marginalized in countless ways is bullshit, sure. BUT THERE IS NO FUCKING WAR ON WOMEN IN THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA! you know why? BECAUSE THERE ARE PLACES IN THE WORLD WHERE WOMEN ACTUALLY GET FUCKING KILLED FOR DRIVING. So, is the US perfect? Fuck no. Should it change? Fuck yes. ARE PEOPLE USING THE WORD "WAR" fucking, "WAR" to try and communicate the gravity of the situation?? Go to a warzone and see if you can tell the difference.
Okay, uh, women getting paid less for the same job is bullshit. We need to stop it. Women being marginalized and not taken seriously is bullshit. We need to stop it. But don't call a political situation where no one is getting fucking killed a fucking "WAR" to get attention. Just because you've been screwed and the world should be nicer to you and someone is trying to do something about it, doesn't make it, a FUCKING WAR.
As shes going on about the things he's called women; I was imagining that she would use all of those words in one rough night.

Feminists have a serious double standard.
Trump hold this W
Yeah Donald trump would have the guts to say that. What planet do you come from trump? The planet for all racist and sexist a** holes?
get this shit down....... such bullshit
Somebody has mommy issues.Could it be about the orange orangutan family thing?That could explain part of the misogynist personality.So sad.
BOOOOOMMM MEGAN!! DOES THAT ANSEWER YOUR CONDESCENDING QUESTION?
Man I hope Hillary Wins
I can't tell if his forehead is pixelated or that's his hair.
Yes
Have any of you actually been listening to Ben Carson??? This man is the definition of a great Conservative. What else could you want? I mean I wouldn't mind Trump, the man speaks the truth. But oh GOD PLEASE NO HILARY!! If she becomes president, prepare for World War 3.
there's a difference between not being overly politically correct and being a complete asshole like Trump.
GET REKT
Fuck fox
the reason i hate is because he speaks out mean crap he does not need to become president because he speaks out what he thinks he makes fun out of people do you want a president that might make fun of you he is doing wrong why cant people see that and reply why people like him and look at this for my reason to not have him for president
Donald Trump is a litmus test for me right now. If another candidate attacks him, I will think twice about voting for that person - especially if the candidate goes along with that bogus Megyn Kelly attack.
Why is Fox News obsessed  with him
I'm saying this as a woman, there is NO war on women.
we need brain? what kind of brain we need? The  fucked up brain like his?
I hope he dies before primaries lol
counter punch trump
Hes got my vote
What a fucking douchebag!
How the hell did I even find myself on this video?
So exactly what was wrong with his answer?
Fox news can go jump in the lake. mww
Trump is an asshole I bet he can't go in a room full women and Mexicans and shit in there face that's why he has no balls fat fuckin pig
If Brandy Rodderick(Apprentice Episode #6), SUES M.K. for defamation of Character, OMG, she'll be RICH.
puke
if megyn cares so much to stop the "war on women," where tf was carly fiorina during the prime time debate?
he's got my vote
.... I pretty sure he didn't answer the question.
the whole world is very, very fucked if trump becomes president.... I am scared because I am German and Trump would be a bad president.... a person that is rich is not absolutely intelligent.
He's like a slipknot. The more you fight it, the tighter it will get.
k so when he is gonna actually answer a question he is not giving any direct answers
Is this a long extended joke 
what a horrible person
"yes, im sure it was."

lmao
if donald trump becomes president world war 3 will be official
Trump is the laziest Person on the world :D he is as stupid as all the other republicans :DDD america wants to be funny onemore time
donald trump looks like my right nut
Excellent response by Trump, Fuck Political correctness! It's destroying this country, it's destroying freedom of expression!
4klikes 4kdislikes do you like him or not!?
What's with this "war on women" crap? Hillary must need something to get ahead so she's creating a war that doesn't exist. And lackies like Ms. Kelly are pushing it along. Ridiculous. She owes Mr. Trump an apology for the awful questions thrown at him, which only distract from real issues, as he pointed out.
Disgusting pig is what he is
Not a bad response. He didn't really answer the question, but overall not a bad response.
fuckin a asshole. I don't. Like him he staring passed me out
I love Europe.
Trump is no more sexist than the candidates on that stage that think it is reasonable to make a woman die carrying the fetus of her rapist.
I hate YouTube comments so fucking much
So, a POLITICIAN doesn't have time to be politically correct. Interesting.
lol to think people are still fooled by this guy. Its not even about political correctness, its having respect for another fucking human being, but a guy willing to lie about the shareholders he fucked over theseveral times he went bankrupt is more than willing to try and change the subject when approached with a question like this.
Presidential Reality Show!
Who's this guy? I see in many comments, looks like a man sucked bunch of balls.
Wooooo
Donald trump fuck you
Trump schooled dat bitch!
No Megyn Kelly needs to apologize there's no war on women calling a few people pigs is not a war on women
Oh back off.  I'm sick of political correctness.
The real story is that not one of these republican candidates accepts evolutionary theory. They're all a bunch of fundamentalist Jesus freaks who want to legislate from their bibles.
I think Donald trump is like the bad guy from cod advanced warfare.
Trump 1 Fox 0
mk lost
Donald Trump sees a homeless man on the streets and approaches him. He gives the man directions to his office where he can apply for open jobs. He also reaches into his pocket and gives the man $20.

Hillary Clinton sees the same homeless man on the streets and approaches him. She gives the man directions to the welfare office, then reaches into Donald Trump's pocket, takes $20 from him, and keeps $15 to herself for "admissions fees." She then gives the remaining $5 to the homeless man.

Do ya get the difference now people?
Ha ha ha we have a new Sarah Palin. =D
Fox News is not real news. You're not a real journalist.
War on women? Seriously. As I say "YOu can change the law, but not peoples opinions"
Trump is a media joke, But he is the only one with BALLS to speak his mind about what needs to be done. Republicans are a bunch of warmongering Christian's. Put up the wall deport the illegals increase our nation's defense's & Bring back our jobs. America is not big enough to house or police the world. If a republican becomes president, I guarantee that we will be back fighting a war with no end. Thus another recession. Just say no to BUSH ! BTW funk you all who say Obama is no good. He would have been greatness if it wasn't for all the republican cock blocks. He still did his best to form a America were we all could co-exist.
Hey canada can you accept me in your country please. If he becomes president.
mega kelly u are a fraud.  who paid u off. you are sick, week and the cause of out countrys problums. a real journlist doesn't pull that b.s. game. i will vote for trumph now he is only true salvation againt u crooked sick so called journlist.
Looks like the greatest jobs president is outsourcing his work for his campaign. check it out for yourself lolhttps://www.elance.com/j/bumper-sticker-logo-design/76685981/?backurl=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZWxhbmNlLmNvbS9yL2pvYnMv
Please someone, explain this "War on Women" for me.
The only people talking straight were Trump and Rand Paul. If Trump is not nominated hope he endorses Paul.
Nun hat D. Trump den Feminismus kennen gelernt.....
Hey YouTubers! Got a sweet deal for you all. Download the Lyft app and use the code 123LYFTOFF to get up to $70 worth of credit (first time users only). Take it or leave it, your call. You may now go back to your scheduled scrolling. Peace!
As a Canadian, I want too see Donald Trump in for about a year and then have him step down, that way he wont do too much damage and we can have hundreds of clips of him saying stupid stuff
Meghan Kelly did this country a very big "Dis-service" during this debate. We wanted to hear substantial questions not immature, smirky, gothcha' type remarks. Wallace was just as bad. No longer a fan of Kelly or Wallace!  Still a fan of the "Donald"!!  Trump is a tough leader and gets the job done.  He is a success.  Good for him.  He's a negotiator.  Good for him.   I'm not interested in words that are through a Politicians filter.  That is just different packaging meant to pull the wool over the masses eyes.
I don't get why people don't like this guy? Would you rather vote for a career politician that hasn't had success in the business world? I love how brash he is.
Have you been drinking the kool-aid? When has Obama ever accepted responsibility for anything. All he does is agrandize himself. What a poor excuse for a human being.
These FAUX news hacks were on a mission with gotcha questions for Trump. Getting Megyn Kelly to go after Trump was cheap shot, thinking he wouldn't slap her around like he would have done to boring Wallace & dummy Baier. Now they are talking war on women. Bull Shit! He trumped Megyn NOT ALL WOMEN, coz most women aren't dishonest FAUX news hacks out to get Trump.
Listen good GOP. TRUMP 2016 or EXTINCTION !!!
Has anyone else noticed what a narcissistic, misogynist bastard he is?
My opinion women belong in the kitchen











Eating my food. :)
No one has mentioned how sexy Megyn Kelly is. Even tho she's republican I still wouldn't pull out
Looking and hearing him speak - how can you NOT vote for him?!?! :)
Xavier X Man Daly why don't you save us all and move If you hate trump you are either ignorant or part of the problem!!!!!
This "War on Women" is so overblown. This just another whining point for people who are looking to take offense for just inconsequential acts or statements. I have worked in the medical field for 45 years and never felt put down or put upon because I am female. I made equal pay, made a good living. Stop looking for things to take offense at. We need a tough President to deal with Putin, ISIS etc. He's not crude just telling the truth like it is. So, Megyn, if you want to jackboot to your bosses, go ahead. FOX FAIR and BALANCED what baloney.
When he announced that he was running for president, my dad actually thought it was a joke. My mom said if he actually wins, we are moving to Canada.
"Part of the war on women" what war on women?
No, he is the leader in the war on intelligence. 20% of Mercans like this assbag? Oh well, 45% still think that Adam and Eve was real. Mercans, gotta love the stupid.
Trumps a buffoon, full stop. Just check out where he's stood on major issues and you'll see him for the fool he is. He's at least as "progressive" as any of the democrats running.
Has he said things that no one else has been willing to even talk about? Yes. But that doesn't make him a conservative or republican or a viable candidate for office.
Fox News was slick side supporting Trump and then he turned on them and jumped in that ass. I like him for that.
Donald Trump throws that shit right back in Megan Kellys face! Go Donald 2016!!!!!!!
Unify, do not divide this United Nation as this two party oligarchy has done so very well. If everyone is created equal, why are there so many special interests? America has become a hypocrisy. The Government perpetuates racism=divisions so that they remain in control. Isn't it racist to ask what your race is? There is only one race: Homo Sapiens is the only race. United the people should stand against the tyranny of the Government.
The question wasn't fair and isn't relative to the debate, jmho
I swear that whole crowd is full of fucking morons.
He lied! He said he wouldn't do that meaning not be nice to Megyn, yet that's exactly what he went ahead and did with his tweets and comments on news shows about her.
why do u people wnna vote for this dude what if he called ur wife or sister a dirty pig or fat or a slur what would u do laugh ? Reasons why u wnna vote for him ? he's kicking away all immigrants my parents are ones but I was born here what if he kicks ur parents just think unless u like him because he has no censor just think that if he did anything to hurt sombody in ur family just think and not say he can't because my whole family is white just think and not vote for a billionaire who's u never know is going to do in the future Just Think; )
So you avoid answering the question when called out on your sexist/racist comments, but then speak of "needing strength". You use political correctness as an excuse, but show you don't understand what that means and then speak of "needing brains". Heck you do not even know your own financial self worth, have no data on Mexican immigration and just make random emotional statements. You are no different then any other politician except that your downfall is entertaining. Amazing in just one question you show just how poor for the job you really are.

Side note why does he pucker his lips so much?
Is that pussy hair on his head ?
Why do they assume Hillary is going to be the nominee? We still got till February to start voting, AND debates haven't even started for the Democrats and THAT'S where everyone will know who the FUCK Bernie Sanders is.
Fucking hell, how are these people cheering him when he just ignored the question, typical politician, uttering a few words without actually saying something
If he becoming next president  . I will move to North Korea
Also  .
If she isn't menstruating, then clearly her vagina is getting wet.
My parents are from mexico so if the that guy becomes presedent then im going to be taken away so im going to learn how todo defen myself hi-ya!
Fuck you Fox!
#black lives matter an now we have war on women lololol hahahhahaa wtf
He's fun to listen too. Whatta nut.
tough question is only for the tough guy like trump.
I like him.
"War on women"

HAHAHAHA
Fox, U SUCK...I bet Megyn does too! She's a liar that's over paid and has an overly inflated sense of herself..
Trump is only saying what people are afraid to say. Granted he could say it better. But when you have that kind of money "what the hell" 
I believe WE SHOULD CLOSE OUR BORDERS.  
WHAT ABOUT THE WORD ILLEGAL DON'T YOU UNDERSTAND. They are not us citizens send them HOME. Shame on Calif judge for setting all those ILLEGALS free .SEND THEM TO THEIR HOME COUNTRY. !!
So women talk crap about men they don't like?
Are american people really considering Trump as president? wow you've hit an all time low...
you fucking hacks
The sad thing so evident since the first debate is in how the media wants to concentrate on the " flaws " of Donald Trump therefore not acknowledging that he leads in the polls because he speaks the truth regarding the wrongs of our ( once ) great country. Washington, in general, does not want those conversations to forefront the news, so instead they spew " political correctness ( ? ) ", which is anything but  " right " ! I Love my country, but those in charge for many decades, DO NOT, or else we would not be in the current situation economically, or otherwise !
Donald Duck is one sick fuck!!! I would love to slap the shits out of him!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Bloody Duke of Puke!!!!!
Disgusting pig
lmao trump saying he has no time for political correctness but he's the one taking time out of his own day to write ass-brained tweets in the first place
Wars on women?... I think women has more rights than ever. What are they still arguing about? Also political filter doesn't exist it is more like just don't say things that will end your career. Mean comments on women you don't like is a totally different topic than degrading all women. I still don't get how it is war on women. Bringing up topics you can't back only make you look like a douche bag. Okay! Back to the real topic which is hair.... anybody....???
I've called a lot of women fat, ugly, and made sexual jokes. Does that make me a part of the "war on women?" No. It makes me a part of the male population. Get over yourselves you stupid feminists. Learn to take a joke. I don't go around calling women soldiers in the war on men when they make jokes about guys. Grow a pair......... (of ovaries)
I'd vote for him over Hillary any day of the week...but hey I'd vote for my dog before I'd vote for Hillary
I'd say she was looking to villi-fy him
Trump owns you.
https://plus.google.com/107623543543833258163/posts/p/pub
You need to have credibility to "lose it". Fox is just a sensationally polished media tabloid whore. They have >>>133,000 subscribers FFS. Pretty sure my grandma has more subs than Fox LMAO.
Me Gyn Kelly is a hermaphrodite tho...
Trump is a plant in this fake debate and is part of the evil elites who control this country.... Presidents are not elected but are selected... This is just a fight for your minds and a fake show trying to give legitimacy to the fraudulent government and elections.
There is no war and this should be deleted
"This country doesn't win anymore"... "We lose to China"... There's the detrimental mentality. A man who thinks all countries are in some kind of competition, this is the ideology of a 4 year old... It means that people should always be inherently privileged based on where they were born. A leader can be patriotic, of course, but not overtly xenophobic... We shall never progress as humans until we get out of this idiotic, stone age territorial mentality and start to see each other as equals. Unity is key.
Women are here and only here to please men
I agree with him saying this country is too politically correct but getting called out for calling women slobs and pigs isn't being to politically correct you ass hat.
reality check: There's no war on women

it's seems liberalism is already affecting the brains of the so called conservative america
Like an essay which lacks focus, trumps speeches are always hard to understand. U guys like him?
Is the clown
Fuck Fox news, all it is, is bullshit
Can a president not be humorous u all act like Yall have never made a joke about someone or something
Trump speaks the truth which none of u like to hear since this county is so fucked up since last presidencies its someone needs to fix it even if they do have to be an asshole about it :-)
From an aussies point of view, Donald Trump is even more of a clown then our own president Tony Abbot. He spends even more time with his foot in his mouth then Abbot does.
And he happens to have NONE of the attributes he deems so necessary.
Trump for President 2016!
Let's Make America Great Again!
America frankly does not have time for these unnecessary and irrelevant statements.
Trump deserved much more time to speak, with not loaded questions for paid off republicans.
I can't believe Fox used this title.  The only people  I know of who claim there's a war on women are liberals who don't want a cut off on abortion at 20 weeks.  I'm a woman and an independent and I'm totally fine with the cut off.  You can get a blood test at 10 weeks to see if your baby has genetic defects like trisomy 13 https://duckduckgo.com/?q=trisomy+13&ia=images

Back to Trump.  Fox's hit job makes me want to vote for him even more.  Maybe the Koch brothers paid Fox to promote their boy Scott Walker.  Fox shouldn't run Trump off or that will split the vot and get Bernie Sanders elected, unless the democrats are stupid enough to nominate Hillary.
I pray to god that Donald Trump will be president, PLEASE GOD!!!
Trump for first Galactic Empire 2016! Just trolling.
If Trump is involved in this 'War on Women' he is certainly not the Commander in Chief. Without any doubt, that role goes to Hillary Clinton's husband, womanizer extraordinaire former President Bill Clinton.
Let me help you glue your hair on
I think he meant Megan Kelly looks better on her knees we all know that's a fact! Drop the mic and go BOOM
I'm surprised that Donald Trump hasn't been assassinated yet. The way he acts and what he stands for has had its limits and needs to end. I'm not a men of chaos, but a person of reason and calling out reality. Trump needs to realize, if he goes any farther with this, he'll get murdered and his tracks of his death will be covered as a heart attack or a medical issue.
America I warn you! If you elect this man there will be world war 3! He is so straight forward he will just decide to nuke any country he doesn't like! This man will be worse than Stalin and hitter and America will turn into a communist country R.I.P for all Americans.
Is it just me or do the "Conservative"  Supportes of Trump turn Rabid on a FOX NEWS personality which they have supported for so many years in an instant? That is what scares me of voting modern day 2000-2016 Republican again. How quickly even a beacon of GOP Journalist, prior to this" debate', Is now there outcast. Megyn Kelly. They turn so quickly. Even amongst their own. They would Kill Jesus Christ in a second. Yet Fill his Churches.
Hey fox News! I love what Trump said snd I support him in all that he does. One thing about the man is when you start with him he finishes it.
They ignored Ron Paul and didn't even invite him to key events even though he was #1in the Iowa caucus in 2012 , They cant ignore Trump so they are going after him a different way.
They also know that since Americans are stupid and have such a short attention span that they didn't listen to the whole interview and hear Trump say that Donaldson also had blood coming out his eyes and nose.
News Flash corporate owned media its not your job to decide who can and cant Run for the highest office in the land.
This guy is a reptillian. Death to reptillians.
Well said trump!
Everyone talks shit, so don't act like just because trump does it he is an awful person. I'd bet everyone who has watched this has said something rude about someone else one the last 24 hours.
Correct, trump has it right. Unfortunately, women leaders have ruined the world, and Hillary Clinton was one of them! But the war on women is of little concern compared to getting this country back on track!
OOOPS What will Fox Say Now ? Carson not invited to RedState as well

http://www.breitbart.com/big-government/2015/08/09/senior-ben-carson-adviser-on-red-state-snub-this-smear-and-outright-lie-will-not-stand/
He said we need  all the things he doesn't have
Wanna hear a joke?




Women's rights
What a fucking bigot
If you state a racial or homophobic comment you are deemed ignorant. Fuck off!
I give it as my opinion that Donald Trump stomp the competition, notwithstanding the stupid unfair questions.  Rand Paul came in second putting fat ass in Christie in his place. And, of the two. Rand Paul is the only one up there that has done something for every U.S. citizen, when he exposed the NSA collecting our info with out A WARRANT THEREBY VIOLATING THE 4TH AMENDMENT. mww
I lost all respect for her.
Ohhh war on women is more important then Isis or Iraq getting a nuclear bomb and detanating in Israel or in New York city the largest city in America is not important but war on women is more important (sarcasm)
Meow has this to say about this video and Donald tramp's response to questions of whether he's part of war on women or not: he did not really answer the question directly now did he? However;  maybe he did not and / or was not able to directly say he was not a part of wars against good women & there's a chance he does not really comprehend yet how to correctly communicate with all &/or most women of good kinds yet like many men often say that women are sometimes a mystery unto the men who don't seem to have a clue what some women if not all women attempt to some times communicate unto other men & women like some if not all women try to comprehend what some if not all men some times communicates seems to be a mystery unto some if not all women! Correct? Maybe? Hm ? So maybe what Donald trump is really saying then is he does not comprehend yet how to communicate and relate and public relations correctly with folks and because business and money he relates unto more better than he does with folks?!? So does Donald trump sometimes get as angry enraged as Disney's Donald duck that sometimes results in folks failing to comprehend Donald trump more misidentifying Donald trump as being mean & cruel unto males and females both alike equally sometimes asks meow? So Donald trump is saying save USA s financially economic business life support systems first and everyone and everything else comes second?!? But real life says save diversity and commonalty combos like clean air to breathe and clean drinking water and folks and creatures and nature and etc together or none at all including democracy and civil rights and reasonable democratic freedoms ; but what politicians and Donald trump tries to do is save economy and freedoms from debts or civilrights or etc., & real life just does not function nor exist that way! Correct? Maybe? Hm ? Should Donald trump be trying to apply for a job at us treasures beuru of fiscal services &/or us treasury instead maybe? I don't know! Do you? Asks meow? Signed meow.
He's a joke but he's not all wrong.. I get it everyone matters but it's so tiring having to make sure everyone's happy because no one ever is and there will never be a point where everyone is
He might say things wrong but the message isn't entirely wrong.. Same for his immigration ideas
i'm not gonna watch the video. I just came to say" WTF, WAR ON WOMEN, ARE YOU FUCKING SERIOUS><.lol.NO FUCKING WAY MAN.
Trump vs. Political Correctness! Fox showed itself (especially in Megyn Kelly) too contaminated by political correctness. Kelly has been publicly bias against Trump even before the debate. Her politically correct acceptance of the stigmatizing premise ("it was well beyond Rosie O'Donnel") that extrapolating particular issues he had and comments he made to SOME particular women in the past can be legitimately applicable to ALL women in general, is bias and dishonest. Trump understandably reacted to Kelly's bias way of delivering the question. What is going on with FOX? It is politically correct (anti-conservative) to make Megyn Kelly a Trump victim and a "war on women" issue against Trump. Get over it! There is no "war on women" Trump means war against political correctness. Political Correctness in "killing us" as country and as a culture!
'War on women'...what a joke.
Are people really cheering for trump ?
oh my god what a fucking idiot......
He is the choice, There is no war on women or any of that ***** the truth we are becoming losers and Trump is the hope
i'm Egyptian . and i know it's not my issue but this man is a disrespectful ASSHOLE really !!!! .... i will miss Obama and Michelle :'(
Only liking because Trump roasted that bitch's ass
I laughed so hard.... "Only Rosie O". Thanks Trump!
Can I ask why he is running for president??? Lol
Savage.
Enjoy it while it lasts. According to Five Thirty Eight Trump will not even win the nomination, let alone the presidency. And FTE is yet to be wrong when it comes to predicting election outcomes. In fact, it's been remarkably accurate.
I freaking hate Donald Trump. Donald Trump? More like, Donald needs to shove his trumpet down his throat! HAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHUHUEHUEEHUEHUHEUHEU
http://www.gofundme.com/taniasdream Help Tania's dream come true :)
Why can't this idiot be serious? Why doesn't he answer any of her questions? It's depressing that he got so far. Watch out America.
Trump's always been like that. Any time someone says something he doesn't like he viciously attacks them with personal insults like a 15-year old boy on Youtube. The man has serious problems like never getting past his adolescent anger & insecurity. How anyone in their right mind can think he can run a country like the US is beyond me. Even his insults aren't remotely clever. Also, Megyn just cringed when the audience hooted, hollered & clapped when his first reply was "only Rosie O'Donnell". You know, because it's totally OK to call HER a fat, ugly pig. It's almost like Megyn just realized what kind of people the Republicans, on whose behalf she's working, really are & thought, "Am I really getting paid enough for this?"
Says brain is needed to change this country, doesn't seem to have 1.
up until this debate, i thought FOX was fair and unbiased, Now they are out for Trump, plain and clear. i haven't watched TV in 20 years, Megyn is a WHORE, search it with Howard Sperm, she's a first class SLUT!
I'm an evangelical conservative and this FOX-SHMOX disgust me. I don't watch it anymore long time. They only lie. They are even worse than libs. At least we know libs, but this FOX "news" are hypocrites, NWO mouth piece, war drum propaganda shill, same liberals, only under christian mask, Judah Iscariot type.
Just replace  Megyn Kelly with a man..... who spells "megyn" like that anyways???? I feel like men and especially  white males are hated in this society for doing nothing. I mean their is bad people of every kind right?
This shit just can't stop his mouth . Just to think of him as president makes me want to vomit. Ugly asshole couldn't get fucked if he didn't have his billions.
Fox "News" is always declaring war on everything. Goodness' sakes. They did the "War on Christmas" and now on women. <_< Idk how their viewers even breathe normally b/c wars are everywhere on everyone and everything.
With that said tho, Trump's comments were ridiculous too. As ridiculous as Fox. the whole thing was a joke
Trum you are not going to be the president you are a pice of crap
War on women?

American women can have as many babies as they want, at any age they want, with as many different men as they want... even if they have no money, no education, and no health insurance. Women have a dozen forms of birth control, can have as many abortions as they want, can put as many children up for adoption as they want, and can anonymously drop children off at various places. If there is a war on women, men are losing.
Fuck Donald trump I hope el chopo kills his bitch ass
Ifunny?
Donald trump is leading his hitler campaign.
Thumbs down.
Oh there's a war on my gender? That's cute.

Because I have had equal rights to men my whole life. I can do anything a man can do. I can choose to be whatever I want in life and no imaginary "Patriarchy" or "war" controls my life or my choices.

The only ones I ever see trying to pull me down and tell me I can't do something are feminists and radical PC liberals so out of touch with reality that they make scientologists appear sane.
How is Megyn validating the war on women in this excerpt? Its not like she said youre a pig misogynist  she asked Trump how he would handle such a charge on the part of the Democratic nominee, which is totally valid and fair. She usually prefaces that phrase with so-called in her own speech.
Our society thinks that the important issue facing us is to make sure that homosexuals can order a wedding cake from any baker they chose.  Then Trump comes in and tell the sheeple about the stupid trade deals, and the open borders that created 30 million illegal invaders.  Our population is mostly superficial people in need of guidance from the media.  The media is happy to demonize any one who talk reform.
How do I flag this for being stupid? Can't seem to find the option.
What a joke
Donald Trump is definitely an asshole but he seems like a necessary asshole just like how the devil is a necessary evil both bad but their examples of what needs to be focused on so we can do or make better
We cannot get any reformer to run and win an election.  Ross Perot, Pat Bucanan, Ron Paul, every election cycle, the entrenched elite know best.  Anyone talking about shaking the corrupt system get called names.  Isolationist, anti-Simitic, Racist, anti-women......
All you idiots out there knocking on Donald when he's the only person who has stood up for you me and all the rest of us Americans who are sick and tired of the liers we have put in office . They have all sold there souls to their there own agenda . Donald can't be bought hell he already has more money than he knows what to do with. He is the first person to stand up for all the things each and everyone of us have been bitching about. I find it far better a wager to trust in a business man than a politician any day. Donald is a very successful business man if you didn't know it. That's what this country needs to be run like , a business . Not like some free hand out entitlement state . There's not a person out there that can say they don't have a problem with the way things are going . Well open your eyes its these politicians that have created every problem that you bitch about . Politicians have been running this country so far any look where it has gotten us . I feel its time for a business man to show all these politicians how its done . Continue to do the same continue to get the same results . So if your against having more money in your pocket , if your against having a better future for our kids. If you are against this country being great again . Well then go ahead and continue to trust in those politicians who smile to your face and tell you what you want to hear but when they close that door their selling your soul my soul and our children's soul for their own agenda. And if that's not got you worried well then in about ten years ask all those politicians what the hell they are going to do to save you after Iran drops that first bomb because the second one they will be dropping on us.
Megan Kelley and rest of the criminals & traitors on Fox are programmed agenda driven whores who keep their huge salaries by pumping their idiot fans with arch conservative Fox Chief Roger Ailes propaganda.

Yes, the same Roger Ailes that Hannity, OReilly, & the rest of the talking heads on Fox have to negotiate their contracts with. 

Yes, the same Roger Ailes that was consultant to 3 past Republican presidents.  Yes the same Roger Ailes that more than a decade ago said that owing a news network would give him more power than any president, and the power to make or break any president.

The same Roger Ailes whose extreme views are even to the right ofBeck & Limbaugh.  Ol Roger makes sure that Fox is the propaganda arm of the Republican Party.

And don't equate Fox with CNN or MSNBC. CNN just mines controversy for the sake of ratings, but at least makes an effort at balanced coverage. MSNBC is a left leaning opinion channel, and they are open & honest about it, but they are also scrupulous fact checkers. (Even those media are corporate owned, however, and subtly push establishment candidates and the corporate agenda.)

Fox, on the other hand, is a blatant 24/7 propaganda machine, dishonestly representing itself as a "fair and balanced" news station. And rather than being a scrupulous fact checker, it serves a non-stop stream of lies, deceptions, spins, manufactured scandals, & bullshit partisan "claims" & "assertions".
I want Trump to kick Megan Kelly in the nuts, spit on Bret Beir, and tell Chris Wallace "suck my dick, motherfucker". Trump would win by a landslide.
Megan is an overpaid hack reading whatever questions Fox ownership tells her to in their efforts to tell the American people who they want you to vote for. Donald's answer was exactly on point...We need a strong leader, not an apologetic one like the incompetence we have now or Hillary who flat out is a criminal..I used to love Fox News(never her though)....getting ready to drop them for good
Hey, if Trump is elected president and all the liberals move to Canada, then maybe we can work on getting this country back on track again. Has Obama done anything that has worked in the 2 terms he has been in office? Obama has wasted so much money on a healthcare plan that has done nothing. Besides, he has a complete lack of respect for the US military. If our country was all liberal, then we would end up bankrupt.
sorry fox news...but both you and Trump are just self serving, fraudulent entities fighting for support from the most ignorant. Good luck with that.
In case you weren't paying attention this is what a real man sounds like. He tells it the way it is. Unapologetically getting to the point without being afraid of what everyone thinks. A true leader who has already made all of the mistakes and if we are fortunate enough will be able to benefit from his wisdom.
Corporate leaders want to stop trump because they will lose controlling our government like the pipeline it is corporate.
Donald Trump represents the typical U.S. American to me: fat, stupid, strange hair-cut, sick points of views. So why should he not become the next U.S. president?
it's sad to see ppl agreeing with him
Trump 2016 hell ya
Most candidates can be bought by coorporate leaders but not trump cause I really believe he does as he said that he stands for truth.
They do not want trump fox and others because he cannot be controlled by corporate leaders .trump cannot be bought so ones are trying to stop him by degrading him on the debate. Trump is for freeman and freedom of corruption.
So, Fox News is going to undermine the one candidate that can defeat the Left to satisfy Murdoch's vendetta against Trump? You'll be cutting your own throat, Fox.
Trump was not invited to the debate  going on now because trump is a free man and cannot be bought by campaign money from big corporate ones like fox. He is free to speak truth of campaign moneys and how it controls any canidate
Every time people clap it reminds me that most of America is full of idiots.
The fact this buffoon can get anywhere NEAR the Presidency is an indictment on the political system in America.
War with pussy WTF
Do people actually like Donald Trump?
all those people in that room that clapped seem to be kinda...how should i put this...muy blanco...just saying maybe you want to get some manners before you talk to countries with nuclear weapons
Fuck you Fox News
murica
BOO YAH!!! YOU ARE AMAZING TRUMP!!!
Trump is a fat old fuck. I hope he doesn't become president,  #HillaryClinton
Fox news is joke. She attack donald trump personally. People don't want to hear about fat women. The people want to hear about education, jobs, immigration and so on...Megyn Kelly is a disgrace
Donald trumps weaknesses is, constant airflow to his scalp. That glue he use for his weave, stops working after a 15mph wind. I look it up in, weakypidia. Also, he's  really scare of poor people, man! He gets nightmares. Oh! And be sure to dress like a Mexican to make sure he really knows that shit is real. Anyway take care yall
If trump becomes president I'm moving to Canada and getting fee health care
What is it that everyone likes about trump? There is literally no redeeming qualities he obtains that make him like a president.
His hair looks like someone used a photoshop blur tool on his head
Our country us looking more like the biggest reality TV show ever.
I heard on NPR that he said a debate moderator was likely on her period. Is that part of this debate? Where's that video? Political correctness - he had me there. But I would've said that a leader does need to be diplomatic. Not always perfect. I mean he was entertaining - or at least in entertainment and attempting to entertain or speaking a personal opinion. I don't think everything any political leader has ever done or said, publicly or privately, should necessarily have any bearing on, say, how we interpret him as a leader. Obviously, we need someone who's skillful interacting with people, and who can bring something to the table that works to create more benefit for more people, the environment, etc. Personal opinion of Trump - I just can't stand to see over priveledged pompous asses in all righteousness saying angrily "You're fired!" I guess this passes for entertainment with a lot of people, but I just think how much money financial obligations) did he not have to honor when he goes bankrupt but he's financing major projects all over the place. I dunno - just impressions and questions I have.
Is Fox News part of the 'war on Trump'? | No Debate Here
Kelly is a fucking bitch
I do agree to fuck the politically correct stance of being it's time to speak frankly! but not against your own people. we need to know he has our backs & Rosie is an American along with other millions of woman! who perhaps give him the most ratings & or business!
I don't agree with his high school slander jock mock ... oh look at me "I'm so rich so I can say stupid shit!" . instead of insulting your fellow Americans & fighting with the people who can vote for you fight to make this country better!
Lol losing to Mexico
Can't stump the Trump! What kind of loser gives this video a thumbs down?
FOX News, the American people will no longer be held in political bondage by the MSM & that includes you! Your days of vilifying every nonestablishment candidate that poses a threat to the status quo are numbered. The people have awakened to your games. We will no longer be held in political bondage by you or any other of the establishment lapdog shills!
Our nation is turning into a cesspool of whiny pansies. Everything has to be sugar coated nowadays and I'm sick of it. He's right; fuck political correctness - I'm happy to finally see a presidential candidate speak his mind. On that note, I'm still torn on how I feel about Trump overall.. but what I do like is how he fearlessly challenges the status quo and stands by the outrageous things he says.
War on women. Pffft. If anything theres a leftist war on white men.
This asshole is somewere between George W. Bush and Silvio Berlusconi... But on the other hand he's just hilarious 
in the meantime Hillary's like, "I got this"
Fuck u Donald trump
You know it's bad when FOX hates a republican.
I think I may understand her intent of the question , but not the time. She could have done an interview 1 on 1 with him for that. I like his straight shooter approach, however, more to being president than that. Running this country is not like running a business. We may have had enough Bush's in office but definitely had enough Clintons.
Megyn Kelly's stock went way down in my book...not just for playing favorites...but for her tactics....she sounded like a liberal the way she attacked him. ...."well, you said some mean things to some women....how are you not a sexist?"....well Megyn, I'm sure there are men you've cussed out in your time and maybe directed some male gender insults at them...but I don't see anybody here trying to label you a monster for it.

Megyn Kelly came off as a bitch.....oh wait.....I called a woman a bitch....I must be a woman hater....I'm part of the "war on women"...oh no.
Trump has a point about not being politically correct. He's never political and he's never correct.
Facebook and fox? Is this a sketch?
There is no war on women. This is the most stupid concept I have ever heard of because I can't think of a group of people that has had more people bend over backwards to appease them. From opening doors, to paying for dinners on dates, to allowing feminists to just run ammuck and say whatever they want, to fighting wars to protect them and their rights, to government assistance, and to under charging them for crimes. Then men get punished more harshly for doing the same thing. When was the last epidemic of women being killed by police for mouthing off? But men are killed all the time for this, especially minorities. SMH...
I didn't know Rosie O'Donnell counted as a woman.
You can't move from amazing Barack Obama to this guy.
"War on women" in America. that's the most ridiculous thing i've ever came across in a very long long time. funny though!
why does donald trump constantly look like he's getting ready to take the biggest shit of his life
No respect for woman is a man I cannot get behind
CRY BABY WAIT UNTIL THEY ASK YOU ABOUT THE YOUNG HOT ASS.SEX PARTY OLD ASSHOLE LIEAR
War on women what a fucking joke, that bitch isn't worthy of being called a journalist.
If your country chooses him as President I'll be mischievously laughing imagining what a mess America would be.
Isn't it more insulting that you crack down on one man for saying hurtful things about female appearance but you wouldn't crack down on a woman for saying Donald trump is ugly (which he is and God help us if he is president). He didn't ever say that a woman shouldn't be paid this or that much and he didn't say a woman couldn't be president.
You know, I was like oh my gosh Donald trump is gonna be president and then I'm just like.... Oh wait I don't live in America... saved from a heart attack once again.
we need to stop the war on women, there is need need to waste military resources to kill women
Fuck Donald Trump
bump, clump, crump, dump, flump, frump, glump, grump, gump, gumpp, hump, jump, klump, klumpp, kump, lump, lumpp, plump, pump, rump, scrump, slump, stump, stumpe, stumpp, sump, thump, whump........... Trump.     Now Youtubers, Rhyme!
Feminism has emasculated men in this country.
Trump Stumpage: 0.000000000000000
A witch hunt on Trump...plain and simple. He bows to nobody and is owned by nobody. The political jokes hate him because all their corporate buddies and "owners" will get screwed out of their cash and power and bring it back to the people. Anyone who thinks Trump will bow out is delusional. He is the man we NEED to get us out of this hole before it is too deep and the damage is irreparable. The biggest drain right now is from illegals and welfare...which is abused beyond words. People having 15 kids so they don't have to work.
"Her on her knees" if Kelly would of watched the show and seen the interview with girl should of known she was begging to stay on the show. Not some sexual offense remark. Fox is just trying get Trump to lose. Illuminati is behind them some how
Her comments were unnecessary for the debate tbh...but I still don't like trump lol
Only Trump has the balls to save us from the radical feminazis. He's the only male candidate that still has his balls.
They attacked Trump in this debate to reduce his votes.
Donald Trump makes me ashamed to be a Republican.
War on women?Are you fucking kidding me. Look whats happening with the ISIS's women than try to justify the use of such a strong word. Fox news is pathetic. Who is this cunt they have asking these meaningless questions? They are so obviously trying to ask these carefully thought out question in which Any response Trump could give would be negatively spin-able and "headline material" So they have a shit ton of bull shit to stuff down their brainwashed viewers throats.
I pledge that I will forever never watch Fox News if Kelly is on air. War on women! I mean come on Kelly, there were hundreds of questions you could have asked. You targeted Trump and tried to bring him down, now your paying for it.
woah, 4k thumbs up and 4k down.
fox is a follower, by no means a leader in "news" fox has zero integrity. They spew zionazi proisrael bullshit. bill o'relly is a pseudo intellectual, hannity utter moron, megan kelly just a lucky bimbo that blew rupert murdoch when oreilly and hannity were done. fox interns will take this down too.
Over 4500 comments yesterday with the top comments praising Trump; WTF YOUTUBE, are you playing King Maker too?
Obama makes peace with other nations these lying republicans will one day spell the end of our great nation. Sooner than later going over seas making war will get old and the entire world will find our nation guilty of being the world's trouble makers. It might even be one republican president away.
Turn what around. This country at its present state was built on immigration. Just another war making republican.
Damn menstruating Mexican rapists.
The fact that everyone is clapping at 0:30 is all you need to hear. What a bunch of scum
What America needs is more bad hardos, teeth whitened so they look like emulsion paint and fake tans.
We are fucked
America... How did he even get this far?? You have a great country.. with great people.. but WHAT THE FUCKKKK!!!!
@Fox News Why are you guys deleting the top comments that praise Trump? Yesterday there was a bunch of top comments on this video praising Trump, now they're all gone and the only comments left are the ones hating on Trump.
Part of me wants to downvote this video for Fox New's stupid time, but part of me wants to upvote the Trump in the video. Damn. Decision, decisions.
TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP
Trump is nothing more than a Democrat Party/ Clinton machine "plant"/ "distraction" to hurt the GOP. And it's working. People are too stupid to see it. This man has no intentions of winning the nomination, and when he doesn't, he WILL run as a Independent and guarantee that Hillary is elected president. Just watch.
Modern day Teddy Roosevelt
The scary part is that if George W Bush became president if the united states then so can Donal chump
"Political Correctness" also known as "Treating people with respect"
That blonde bitch got hella butthurt lol
You have to admit, donald trump is hilarious lol! He is also must sharper than all the other candidates.
Just a thought, but if news programs and people don't like trump, why do they talk about him on national news spreading his name and policy that might interest others who previously did not know about him/it?
Conservatives just love to soak the shit he says up.
Megan Kelly lowered herself farther than Candy Crowley did when she injected  herself into the Romney/Obama Debate in 2012. Megan Kelly was not the 11th candidate but it appeared she thought she was.

Doesn't Megan understand that The Real President of The (Made Up) War On Women is living in the same house as Hillary Clinton? And I'm not talking about her hard drive scrubbing, email deleting network administrator, I am of course referring to her husband former President Bill Clinton. 

I'll kind of miss The Kelly File but I am sure she will be happy working at MSNBC because that is where she is qualified to be
If he doesn't like women, does he like men?
How could everyone applaud when he's being rude to people?
I lost all respect for Kelly....what a twat
That was a slap in Megan's face
Hate you Donald Trump your such a pig lol
This man cares about shit that matters.. Not some hypocritical bitches feelings..
Vote trump
Trump is great......America...anyone but Hillary Clinton....she belongs in prison she is hiding federal criminal evidence and has been for years....she will only make us look worse and its possible if she's elected....anyone but her
The people who bashed the ones voting for Obama are doing the same thing for Donald Trump going off the rhetoric and not the message or substance of the message. What concrete ideas has this man had so far? What has he done to actually achieve this?
Everyday there's a new war: War on "things I like but no one else does"
He so use to it he imagines sucking on them with his mouth .... Lol
Dont hate him ... But disgusting i bet all them things he saying bout woman on them knees happened to him sucking on theseeee nuuuuts ..... Gotttt eeemmm!
What are we going to do about this, unknown until now,"war on women" that on the rag, Megan talks about. Do we send in the navy seals to take them out? Do we nuke em like we did Japan? This is pathetic to make up a term called "The war on women" and then falsely accuse Trump of being involved in it. They're just out to screw with Trump
Trump....if you don't like it...."you can kiss my ass"....is what he wanted to say
War on women? Where in da hell did this blonde bimbo ho come up with that? Go Trump and I'm glad you stand up for yourself when they unfairly attack you.
Stupid bitch,  he destroyed her
you know what maybe we should take Trump seriously and listen to what he got to say.. i don't know about you guys but i am tired of political correctness shoved down my throat
Trump is going to be the next president for sure if they keep attacking him unfairly, if ur going to ask trump that question, u should be asking chris christie why he gave obama a hug, and ask personal questions from everyone's past if they're going to attack trump personally. Erick erickson disinvited trump... Dumb it gives more reason to vote for trump bcuz people are sick of this political correct world, let the people decide.
In the most important election on earth during a global financial crisis, when russia and china are on the brink of invading eastern europe, and when ISIS with IRAN have gained control over the middle east; the whole region is on the brink of civil war.. we are forced fed questions about being politically correct to women.
Seriously though. Putting all Liberals, Conservatives, Feminists, etc aside, Donald Trump is a fucking joke. Lol you only have to watch one of his debates or speeches to see how much of a pompous buffoon the guy is. And I'm sorry, but anyone who agrees with him comparing running a corporation to running a country, needs to be taken out into the wilderness and shot (god knows we don't need them reproducing.)

        Sorry to be the bearer of bad news, but shit isn't like it used to be. For him to openly come out and say that were not #1 and "Were losing to China and Mexico" is like spitting on other superpowers. The different countries of this world have been on edge for awhile now, and an idiot like Trump is exactly the thing that could spark a fire to which there's no putting out. Here's some food for thought. When the democratic and republican parties mutually agree that the thought of him running this country is a scary one, dont you think that's a sign??
Should be renamed "Bimbo from Fox News gets rekt by Donald Trump"
I hope to god nobody votes for him. He has a mouth that will get our country killed and many of our people hurt. Because China and Russia won't take no shit from this ignorant asshole
lol at the end he said we need brain, quickness blah blah blah but he didn't mention he needed to do something about that toupee, cat, dead animal or whatever he has on his head....all jokes aside NO TRUMP FOR THE PRESIDENT OF THE US! 
why in the HELL would he run for this? what is he trying to gain?
Fox is worse than CNN, and MSNBC. stousel and Kennedy are the only worthy personalities on the network
I love you Megyn Kelly <3
America... this Country that I love so much!!! Please turn back to GOD!!! Turn your hearts to the TRUTH of the Gospel of The LORD JESUS!!! If you only knew how much HE wants to spear you from what's coming!!! A change of heart, means a change of destiny!!!
GOD loves you!!!
I really wish Donald Trump had handled her question differently. I think she had a valid question and I don't think that her intent was to personally attack him.
He gave her the perfect answer about not having time for political correctness.
Had he stopped there, all would be well. I think he made a mistake to go after her personally. I think that was uncalled for. I wish he would apologize to her. Not in any sort of forced public demand kind of thing, but to simply reflect to himself and realize that she really wasn't attacking him personally. The democrats are all about political correctness and she simply wanted to know how he would deal with them putting him on the spot for it. He gave the right answer as far as I'm concerned.
The fact that people applauded this delusional, self-indulgent narcissist who has absolutely no real plan for this country other than his tendency to call his opponents "clowns", "ugly", and "pigs" goes to show how weak minded most of the people are in this country. We've seen this before with Perry (who said the president should be brought up on charges of treason) and Chris Christy. They're only talent is being the loudest person in the room, all bark with no real substance. Trump does the same while disparaging women in the process and he is inexplicably loved for it. It's not cute, it's embarrassing.
He's a rich loser he will never be Pres he's a disgrace
LOL the look on her face when she couldn't speak because the crowd was cheering so loud!!! LOL
He is refreshing.. Not the scripted BS by the democrats and republicans..
Foxnews is a joke and so damn childish
If Donald trump wins, the U.S. is in trouble
Lose weight ..don't eat so much crap b i t c h
Donald Trump and Nancy Grace would make the perfect couple
He absolutely slaughtered her three times in two minutes. He's got it locked, the Democrats don't want it!  Republicans don't want it, big business sure as hell doesn't want it... We've been saying for years how we need a guy who doesn't bow down to lobbyists and outside interests...here he is America time to eat your words.
i thought donald died
I think pulls show a very different outcome than the opinions of most Americans.
Hilary
This debate did show the moderators and Fox to be a War on The Donald. Those questions were pre-planned. They started that debate with the hand raising question, knowing full well of Donald's previously boasts that he would run independent. Paul Rand got the memo from Fox and went with it. The other candidates steered clear and good for them.

I'm a liberal and what the right would refer to as a feminazi and although I thought Trump was juvenile in his response to mention Rosie during the debate, I did not feel that his later comment regarding Megyn and blood was meant to refer to her menstrual cycle. Maybe because it's been awhile since I had one, but I did not hear the "blood coming from whatever" to mean anything more than him depicting her as angry and out to get him. He probably wanted to throw in an expletive not to be taken literally but to express his anger with her questioning and then just said whatever.
Obama Doing Pretty Well He's Beatin Osami Helping Fight Isis On The Other Hand Trump He's Just A Billionaire Running For President he's Probably Gonna Send The Whole Army To Fight Isis U Guys Don't Care But People's Who's Fathers Or Mothers Or Any Realitive Of Freind Dies U Will Feel The Pain Unless Ur A White Dyumbass Voting For Trump Beacuse He's Funny Lmao
I think that thefox news Anchor Meganis the war on women. Not Trump. A lot of people don't like to hear the truth.
If he wins, I'm moving to Canada. No kidding
The "War on Women", is a fabrication of the drive by news media and the lying Dumbocraps.!!!!
Please vote for this man
1 year and there is no USA anymore XD
"War on women"? I'm from Australia. We haven't hear this bullshit term yet! I'm sure in five years though.
Mhhhhhhhhhhh
why did this happen??????  :(
What right do men have that women don't again?
FOX = The new CNN
War on women?  America treats women as first class citizens. If you want to see war on women move to the middle east or asia, those countries are war on women.
Mr. Trump is refreshingly honest. He has the right to exercise his Freedom of Speech. He is standing up to the bullies in the GOP and media establishment, BTW bullies can be male or female.

Shame on Fox for pulling the gender card to try to pull down a candidate. Tough journalistic questions yes but out of context set up questions are unprofessional and show a behind the scenes bias.

I want to hear Mr. Trump's agenda to Make America Great Again. We are all big boys and girls and don't need the elite to decide for us.
what a stupid video title, I'm done with fox
Megyn dropped to a new low
I hate that has sexist, but I love how he can say something and think that nobody going to do anything about it. # el_chapo_vs_tromp
Now I don't like to really get into this stuff, and from what I've heard, I don't necessarily agree with most of what he's said, but what I can say is he's definitely right about one thing; we're too politically correct. I don't care whatever else he says and what his views are, I don't care, but he's right about that.
It's obvious that Fox news is out to try and destroy Trump. Hired gun megyn, the bitch, Kelly attempted the character assassination on Trump and attempted to portray Trump as a woman hater. Now they post this video and put the title "is DonaldTrump part of the war on women"? Fox news is owned by Rupert Murdoch and he wants Bush or Walker. It was apparent from the git go that the republican establishment picked Bush and wanted Walker as his VP, but Trump interrupted their little plan and pissed them off. I don't care what kind of dirt Fox throws at Trump, Trump has the support of the people. The more the establishment goes after Trump, the more supporters he gets.
Moments like these I'm glad I'm not american
No, seriously though, not another conservative republican in the white house! PLEASE! Obama may have screwed up a lot but not nearly as badly as the last republican in the white house did. cough 9/11, a recession, and 2 wars in the middle east FOR NO FUCKING REASON cough
War on women? Let's hope so. These bitches need to be knocked off a notch. Fucking feminist
Trump is a fucking God. "This country doesn't need politically correct"

Literally can't even describe how much of a breathe of fresh air this man is. Finally someone who gets it. The world isn't fair in ANY way and only the smartest and strongest thrive and survive, and that would be Trump.
He kinda sounds like Hitler when he is talking about making the country great again.
Give this man a chance!
Listen to what he's saying.
if he is willing and pledging to get our country back give him a try and vote for him!!
He's right let him do the job.
We need our country back!!
No more liars in office.
Donald will tell you like it is and that's what this country needs!!
Fox news sees Donald Trump as a threat so they post stuff like this lol. Donald trump calls everyone thos names. If fox want to know who is leading the war on women then they should watch their own show
Its a dumb idiot men,,give the civilians rights ,,let them sign up and choose right time and death for thier selves,,provided by community in each city of united state,,not with the diaper,donald trump will you be happy wearing diaper,,tell me,,
I really think he has finally blown it with his "blood" remarks. The man is just a stinking rich moron. I hope I'm right. Can you imagine him as President? He would be a walking, talking time bomb.
thrump is going to be a better president then bush and Obama. He is a business man and knows how to fix something, he can build this nation bigger and better financial and he knows how to do it. Everyone who said if he is president im going to Canada are pathetic incoherent people that are easily manipulated from the media. These other politicians talk bullshit and say there going to do this and that but never do it. Thrump has the business skill to fix his nation. He can fix Detroit's bankruptcy problem. Trump talks the truth about the nation how it is going to shit and he's 100% right it is going to shit. For example, the last president... obamacare was a hoax and a huge waste of money.
He's not sexist he's just a dick.This guy better not be our president.
goodbye fox...hello internet
I have a newfound respect for Donald Trump.
1- Trump made the comment about blood coming out of eyes of Chris Wallace, why is this ignored? (4:55 into the CNN interview)
2- Here is the story: Murdoch had a scandal in the UK (Phone hacking)- Eric Holder was about to prosecute him in the US - the compromise was to drop the case but to influence FoxNews when needed - calling the shots. So, Obama is technically forcing FoxNews to behave that way, but why? Because he understands how Trump is dangerous in unraveling all the policies of the 8 years reign of terror. Trump is a strategic and imminent threat to everything Obama is doing.
That women looks like a devil
war on bitch whores!
Looking at the big picture, which Americans tend NOT to do, I really don't care what rude remarks Trump makes. Will he bring this country around, cut the crap, fix the crap, say what needs to be said, and, what everyone is thinking when it comes to Politics? if the answer to this single question is Yes, then he has my vote. War on women? BS. Let's not avoid the real problems here in this country.
William F. Buckley Jr. had amazing debates that challenged him. Why is This being called "debate", as a matter of fact I can't remember when I saw a political debate where somebody actually won. Sure, points are made that are so obvious that they Should go without saying, but I don't think our leaders should try to be your average Joe, with average ideas. It's not elitist to want our leaders to be better than us. I want somebody I can't identify with because he or she Should be our President.
When he says brain he points to his head.Does he know that he doesn't have one?
Is there anyone left that Donald Trump hasn't offended or hated on ?
The reason why people (white,black and hispanic) like what trump is saying is because he doesn't give a f***. He tells it like it is and he is RIGHT! Perhaps not about everything but most pertaining to the USA. As an White male Independent I can tell you I agree with him on immigration, does not mean he is going to fix it. But at least someone is telling the truth. Have you ever heard a politician of any party admit that they have donated to others so they can then be used as pawns! He is entertaining to watch yes but also is good to know he questions everything. As part of the 1% he should not be resignation among the working middle class but he is. Do we really need another Bush or Obama(Clinton) or shall we try something new here....ask yourself?
We need strenght and we need brain in this country. You forgot one thing you need God too!
Malditooooooo
Maldito
What'war on women'?
This was A DELIBERATE hatchet-job and baiting of Donald Trump. disgusting.
What an immature ass hat.
There isn't a war on women. And the idoits that even mention a war on women is what's wrong with this country. The war on men begin after the women's rights movement, because feel as if they to prove they are better. Also, most of the who is awarded custody? Who is the most like the one to go to jail If their is a domestic dispute? Who gets to call rape if two people get drunk and regret it in the morning? So don't cry about a "war on women". Idoits.
He's a total fucking joke. But he's already rich, so maybe he can't be bought like everybody else. And maybe he can turn this country around? Or are the drugs and hookers clouding my vision? Because I am Latino.
I want him to get elected just to see all the people I've been wanting to leave, leave.
Fuck You. Trump.
Whole world hate you.
C
That's how you do it, avoid the question by saying we lose china, we lose to mexico..genious.
Vote Donald Trump for president .
He will be the next president of U.S.A.
He has no brain. Everything he said was so ignorant and it made me so mad and the audience sounded like they even agreed with him.
Trump has balls
This is why Women should Never have been allowed to vote, look at the NONSENSICAL questions they asK? Seriously, this election is not about WOMEN but important issues.GO BACK TO THE KITCHEN AND STAY THERE KELLY
political correctness just furthers the bullshit, in this bullshitocracy. war on women is bullshit. women war on men, child support, and all the other legal manipulations. fox is a zion propaganda rag. megan kelly needs to go change her rag
CAN'T STUMP THE TRUMP
I love how so many people are trying to comment intelligently, but fail to use proper punctuation.
'War on Women" Ha. Hahaha. HAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Trump calls everyone names. He's not sexist. He's just an asshole.
Q: When did fox news buy into the Democrats' so called "war on women."
A: When it served their goal of trying to take down Donald Trump.
A country will get the leader it deserves.
Though I'm not allowed to vote anymore on account of a voter fraud conviction back in 2012 (you're welcome, President Obama), and though I wouldn't vote for Donald Trump even if I could, I have to say: when considering a candidate, I'm not voting on who's nicer, who's more decent, who's more polite. I'm voting for who I think can do a good job as President. History paints quite an unflattering portrait of John F. Kennedy's as a "family man" (whatever that means), and if we're looking for a President who didn't respect women as much as he should have, JFK is a good example. But was he an effective leader? Absolutely. If I want to vote on someone who based on their morality and character, I'll go back to my old Baptist church and vote for the new pastor. But if I want to vote for someone who I think can run the country (or their share of the control anyway) in an effective manner and get things done, even if they're morally bankrupt at heart, I'll vote in a Presidential election.
"War on women" is a bullshit myth and Megyn Kelly's a dumb cunt.
....ha tanti soldi......peccato che gli manca il cervello !
This guy is a fucking dumbass...I can't believe there's a chance of him being our next president
Is Fox News?
Idiocracy the movie comes to mind. Well done America.
I already know that if he becomes president more shit will happen to our state and maybe the whole world...
I hate him
To anyone who wants to move to Canada: just do it. No one gives a shit
What a idiot

Because he fought back against some particular women, Fox is painting him as warring against all women. Trump fights back against anyone who hits him first, or anyone who hurts those he cares about (e.g. McCain and the veterans). He doesn't back down from anyone - man or woman - and that's what we need.
I wonder if this mother fucker really believes he's going to be president. He speaks about finding generals like Eisenhower and MacArthur to make America a winner again. I bet if this pussy ass bitch, reality television star, stupid haircut havin, shit talking, racist puto was president during the height of ww2, he would have shit his little dick size trousers and have no idea how to command and conquer the way the president with longest running term in the history of the United states did, president Roosevelt. AND HE WAS ON A WHEEL CHAIR. Stick to reality tv Donald duck, and at least get a decent man's haircut before running for president of the top nation on earth. I can go on for days about this retard man. He's just a joke.
man i wish i was at this comedy club :/
I won't vote for Trump, but I definitely agree with his views on illegal immigration. It is an issue that both parties have ignored. He is a interesting personality who speaks his mind.
"We need brain" - Donald Trump 2015
What a joke.
Fox news is full of shit.
It is interesting hearing this attack on Trump coming from Fox news who has been supporting the war on women for decades. What this says is Fox news doesn't wantTrump as the Republican nominee. The War on women has been the Fox and republican core value for 30 years.
I hope Clinton losses because woman are just not smart enough to be presidents its been proven by scientists
A beauty-pageant-idiotic-celebrity tool is saying America is in trouble (which is a painfully obvious gimmick) and you applaud.

Noam Chomsky, an american linguist, intellectual, and scientist says America is the World's leading Terrorist state, and moves on to prove it with facts, and dates, and his tongue falls on deaf, dumb, fat ears, not to mention some accuse him of supporting the terrorists (lol).

You americans are a horrible people. There is no salvation for you or the rest of the world. You will all continue looking at the image instead of the words, the bullshit instead of the facts, and your own dicks or cunts instead of your faces in the mirror. You are (almost) all stupid sheep that are led by crappy words and shitty religions into wars, increasing commercialism, and damage to the rest of the world.

When, tell me, will you start listening to your intellectuals for once?
What the hell??!! Since when has there been a war on woman currently? Last time I checked currently is the time when woman are getting treated close to equal to men. It's not perfectly equal yet but there is no war.
What a fucking idiot he even was a dick to Fox News who surely were the only ones supporting him
Trump in is best, love to see it. Go Trump, stop this stupidity of correctness
just-idiot-guy
HOLY SHIT PEOPLE WILL DO ANYTHING TO BRING THIS GUY DOWN LMAO SHE GOT SO MAD WHEN HE SAID ONLY ROSY LMAO WHAT A JOKE GO TRUMP.ALSO WOMAN EQUALITY MEANS WHAT IT SOUNDS LIKE IF YOU WANT EQUALITY THEN YOU GOT IT FROM TRUMP HE CALLS MEN LOSERS AND HE CALLS WOMEN LOSERS SO SHUT ITTTTT!!!!!!!!!
Fuck this prick
Wait theres a war on women? why havent i heard about this?
At least Donald Trump doesn't put on a "gentle and mild", "neat and clean" act like the Bush family always does, while they've built their pile of bloody corpses clear to the sky since at least the days of Prescott.
Megyn "the cunt whore" Kelly
is this the way a future presidents should express, cant wait to see what happen and he try to do deals with other countries is this the beginning of dictator ship in america or just a spoil cry babe crying when things dont go hes way , I dont like obama but obama was more worth it to have the title as president then this spoil brat
At least we know he's not part of the war on while males. So go trump!
Interviewer: you've said very sexist comments
Trump: True but I don't care and it was to one woman
Interviewer: no there's proof of several women you've been sexist to
Trump: I CAN SAY WHATEVER I WANT IM NOT POLITICALLY CORRECT LOL I CAN BE SEXIST 
thundering applause
wtf America y'all like this guy?
Fuck that muther fucker he is a unrespectful sun of bicth
we need fucking decorum big mouth....
If this nigga is president where fucked!
Fox news and the Republican party need to tread very carefully.... if Trump runs as an independent, that will split the Republican vote tremendously giving the power to Hillary Clinton (who is a worthless piece of shit)....and the Democrats..... who else wants another 4 more years of crap. Republicans need to support trump because he is their best bet of winning. Who gives a shit that he says what's on his mind... it's better than the rest of the politicians who are too scared to say what they are thinking because it will make them unpopular.
Can we just talk about that hair though?
I hate trump anyone else
political correctness does need to go, i hate how they sugar coat bullshit every time.
This format's a joke ! This wasn't a debate - all this was was a plug for the stupid talk shows that these "moderators" host on Fox News. It was a question/answer period, not a true debate ! And it was clearly evident that these moderators' had their aim set on Trump to try and take him out !

Fox News??? Fair and balanced??? My ass !!!
Megan set her self up for that.
Trump speaks the truth.
Why does he always think of an excuse that involves the country as a whole like with the immigrants. He thinks that ALL of them are rapists and with the political correctness thing he thinks the whole political system is false which is what I think is a little bit right but there are some good things about it too
Megan you broke my heart by this. All off the big news media is for sale, we witness right here in person.
PLEASE READ! For the longest time I have rejected asking for any help, especially monetarily, however it has came to the point where it is absolutely essential to my learning and growth as a student. I have a job and am currently working 38 hours a week but all that money is going towards my tuition cost. I am starting college August 24th. In college the fundamental things you need to succeed is a laptop and determination. I have the drive to attend college and succeed because I want to better myself and make my family proud. I just need to raise the money for the laptop that will help me study, take notes, research, and do homework while I attend college. I will be extremely grateful and appreciative with any type of help. Thank you!

-Zachary

http://www.gofundme.com/4c9szcxak
A low ball question by Megyn here. The Apprentice is a reality TV show, not media interviews or attacks recorded in public or private. I don't blame Trump for being pissed.
You guys really want a billionaire with no experience in politics to become president? He has no experience even governing a state, how is he ready to make decisions for an entire nation?
I don't want a President that kids around. I want a President that pushes reporters into moving trains and fucks his own head of security.
Lol i love donald trump
1:55 In other words, He thinks "we" doesn't have strength, energy, quickness or brains. Fox made a mistake by giving Trump attention and putting him on a pedestal like that. Nobody is voting for him except whites and maybe blacks.
Just leave the old man alone, Let him waste his money on bullshit that doesn't matter or last, other than buildings... But what use do they have except for more self privileged old people to sit on their fat ass without strength, quickness, energy and brains. Perhaps you can find some of that in Mexico or China, I mean, they're already here.... Maybe your not capable of making the right moves on your own. Just quit, you will only bring us down as a people. Nothing but a clown who doesn't know his place. You should worry about your god damn self and let the real leaders pave way.
Anyone noticed how after she asked that question, he just changed the entire topic completely? Either he's too egotistical to answer that question, or he doesn't have an answer. Trump says things that he would do if he's president, but he never says how he's going to do them. Also, when he's honest, he just bashes everyone. I honestly dislike him. Don't bother replying to this because I won't bother to read it.
Feminist think that if you don't treat them as a princesses or if you call them a name your declaring war on woman and are a rapist
its not trump talking its his hair!!! its taking over him!!!!!
Oh so when you call a man a pig or a slob or say that he's ugly its ok but when you say something bad about woman it's pure evil
Trump is not smart.... He's an ass
Being politically correct is just being polite and not racist. It doesn't take that much time to be nice and not racist.
"War on women"? Don't make me fucking laugh. I think trump shouldn't become president in a million years but he hit the nail on the head with this one. And I'm sure a lot of people watched this ONE speech and have decided entirely on this, they will be voting for trump and that's what's fucking sad. All candidates have policies and ideas you probably agree with but please PLEASE don't make a conclusion based on a single debate you watch. Do research
Gotta love his honesty we need more of that in politics
I love this guy!
I don't really agree with Trump, but if it comes down to him and Hillary, I would rather have Trump than her.
Trump ho-slapped that inferior female. Now make yourself useful and go bake something!!!
Well let me ask you something and I am about to get personal. When woman get their periods, and act a little grumpy. Men don't research and find out that our insides are literally bleeding. We are in pain, and our hormone levels are rising. Of course we are more annoyed. But no, they go like are you pmsing. Excuse me bud you know that's never the right question, and you could be a little handy and respectful when we are experiencing this. I am glad you think that our president should care about 100% of the population. But you have to see the fact, do guys get comments about their physical appearance as much as females? No! And trump is known for doing this. End of case
I almost turned the debate off because i could not stand that snooty overly bleached blond moderator asking anybody on the panel questions.  If were not for her comedic snooty bimboness it may have been a real debate.
How are any of his comments specific to women?
don't be ridiculous... not war on women at all ....I am one... and not offended at all.
Trump for president!
Fuck DONALD TRUP HES A PICE OF SHIT FUCK YOU BITCH
"War on Women"? excuse me? is this the newest "catch Phrase" for lovemaking? umm I love My Momma! Care to comment on the "Woman's war against theTRUE Male"? Ya Know a Manly Man.. Hey fine Fanny sexually attractive, Female speaker lady.. With obvious intellect.. Fine athletic Physique ( not HORRIBLY OBESE or UGLY) I can easily fantasize about some "Procreation activities" with you Sugar lips..
everybody,, male, female,women men boy girl.. EVERYBODY needs a Mother and a Father.. unless ya have lots of cash, visit a "sperm bank" with a "turkey baster in your purse" lol.. I can almost believe that this "woman" is provoking/teasing/enticing/flirting with this Abundantly "Alpha Male".. because her ":Girlfriend's tongue " just can not wholly satisfy her "natural NEED For some Man Meat aka "HARD Virile COCK"
it is no surprise really.. "hey honey just take a pill (Viagra) I only want you to be a "MAN" when it "suits" me.. Otherwise just be a limp Phallus teeny weeny good boy like your "MASSA Bitch DeMands" give me a break! lol
War on Woman? That's a damn joke. This major media stations only produce propaganda. They're s no war on woman. Really? Lol
Trump 4 President
I hope no one votes for him if he makes it to the presidential election
Like usual, Fox is trying to sway the opinions of the public. The media manipulates every damn thing that happens!
Donald Trump talks trash about everybody. He has used much worse words against men than he has against women.I'm not a Trump fan but he is not a sexist. He's just a jerk. But as soon as he says something negative about a woman the femiNazis get up in arms and cry... "zOMG WAR ON WOMEN!!! This is why we need feminism!"
I'm saying this as an anti-ideologist. I am neither left nor right. Both sides are full of crap. People need to abandon labels and focus on individual ideas instead of umbrella-ing them.
The only good thing about Donald Trump is how he says what he means while everyone else hides behind their publicists, treading carefully to make sure they say the right things. Hes an honest polititian, but hes still an asshole.
The only good thing about Donald Trump is how he says what he means while everyone else hides behind their publicists, treading carefully to make sure they say the right things. Hes an honest polititian, but hes still an asshole.
Trump has the highest rating too, do people think he's funny? I'm moving out of the USA as soon as I can. Maybe me and the rest of the world can enjoy making progress and living in a lot more peace that the us soon will.
Hahaha, FOX news pushing their tired old and busted out hacks, Bush, Walker, Kasich, Cruz, etc. All for little Israel, FOX is scum, and so is the Rep party, good for the Donald telling them like it is.
#trump4president
Triedandtrue  What part of Indiana are you from, My Dad was born in Edmond Oklahoma , his Dad  my Grandpa was from Arkansas. IF you don't mind  me asking what is your name, if you don't want to say let me no and I will give you my Email address if you want take care.      Kevin E. Sluder
Someone needs to get rid of that man , honestly I want him to go live a hard life the way some Hispanics do he doesn't know what a hard life is he's just and old snobby rich guy and if he does when the faith in humanity is over!!!
war on women?

LFMAO
Really? The war on women? This coming from the woman who posed in Maxim. I'm a woman and I totally support Trump! The Grand Old Party and the corrupt establishment are scared $hitless of Trump and they'll do anything to bring him down, but his support just keeps getting stronger. He's right, political correctness has ruined this country.
Can we all just send a collective "Fuck you" to Donald Trump now?
What an ass
Hes #1 on my hate list..!
I single-handedly ruined Trump.
Trump!
Lol there's a "war" on women? Oh...k... puts on tinfoil hat
Oh man, trumphumping conservatives bashing fox news?!? Grab the popcorn everybody, this has just begun and there's still more than a year left!
Trumps right, this country has much bigger issues than this artificial women's issue that been manufactured to herd the dumb masses in a new direction. Big Issues people! Megyn Kelly had her moment to bring up a larger issue like how is the nominee going to be able to get anything done with McConnel and John Bainer running the legislature. I'm afraid this country is getting closer to its darkest days since the founding. The big money and power guys behind the curtain already have their next puppet President picked out for us. Our Constitution government is dead. The three branches are merely a facade. All we can do now is prepare pockets of freedom minded people to get us through these very dark days that are coming.
Your a boob, but you're music is alright
Fox just got toasted!
Mr Trump.. What the hell is going on with your Hair?

Greetings from Great Britain
I have the strangest feeling Donald has potential fix this country.  I mean this guy is dead honest.
About time we get someone who tells it like it is. Get are jobs out of mexico and China. To many Americans going hungry trump has my vote
Why don't you post what Rosie said about him and other woman.. yeah, i didn't think so.
quickness
Trump for president
Fuck you donald trump... Anti Amrica
The whole debate was used to try and take Trump out. You can tell by the questions right at the start. They were targeted at Trump. In fact the whole media is trying to take him out. Why is that? That whole knee thing was from season 6 of apprentice and had nothing to do with sex, taken out of context.
He's there to make the rest appear reasonable. He's like the ugly one in a group.
What the hell is fox news talking about? This country is going down the toilet and all they want is Hillary to win? Oh and I already knew the establishment wants this election to be about some war against women years ago.
Who cares. He can't do worse than Obama. At least he loves America.
There is something about Trump that i just like
Wf is wrong with these people...this clown will never be president
I really wanted to vote for Ben Carson but Trump just completely spoke my mind...what now
And here I was, thinking the media couldn't slam Trump more. I'm not his biggest fan, but all of these news stations that say they're "not biased about candidates", as well as other forms of media, diss Trump way too much.
America. My country...










...that is full of liberal shitheads
Good job mr trump
I smell Karl Rove behind this fucking hatchet job! Fuck you you little weasel! Trump will kick all your RINO's asses...Megyn??? Who did you have to fuck for you to lose the little integrity you had?
Prick
wow, so if a somebody is being a piece of shit to you and you insult them and they happen to have a vagina, then you hate people with vaginas. Really women? It's called taking responsibility for your actions, and when you aren't nice to people they might call you a name. Like what do women expect? Women are just inherently dishonest and they always try to appear the victim. It's fucking sickening.
These comments    

Hope you guys don't kiss your mother's with those mouths.
Nonverbal Communication Analysis No. 3272: Donald Trump, Megyn Kelly, Deception and Misogyny (VIDEO, PHOTOS)
http://www.bodylanguagesuccess.com/2015/08/nonverbal-communication-analysis-no_8.html
 #DonaldTrump   #MegynKelly   #Misogyny   #BodyLanguageExpert   #NonverbalCommunication
Flocka for pres
Well I guess this guy likes to win.
Why would anyone vote for a bootlegger and a bookmaker(casinos)or a meglomaniac,his make america great again idea is on target(stop letting immagrants destroy us)but hes not the right man to carry it forward,who is nobody running,hilaru will back the immagrants until were all homeless
You ask a stupid question, you are going to get a stupid answer.
lol why do you Americans think the world is out to get you? you occupy half of it already! you still have troops in Germany HAHA! how about instead of worrying about non existent threats you focus on yourselves ? strengthen your middle class,bring jobs back to Americans, set up social services that work, fix your food system which is unstable and unsustainable, combat climate change and your crumbling infrastructure. trump is a billionaire and business man, he does not give a fuck about the other 99% as is evident by his lifestyle and policy proposals. But yet so many of you are willing to vote for him! the only group who should be voting for him or majority of republicans is the one percent. I get it, your parents and theirs before were republicans but republican does not mean what it used to mean. its gone so far right while democrat is more like what republican used to be. its sad and the whole world is laughing at you for even considering electing such nut jobs not to mention what you culture has become, pathetic materialistic war obsessed trash.
Wake flocka 2016
Trump's right, the U.S. Does have a large issue at hand-himself!!
DT had a target on his back all night. none of the other guys were asked the same kind of questions like he was. DT was right, Megyn was acting like a bitch, (prefer the "C" word in this case), and her tone was very unprofessional, and i wont give DT a hard time for standing up to that kind of garbage AT ALL. its time to throw political correctness out the window for good.
first of all the war on women is anilusion. second, this guy would not be a good president. third, no cares about what i think. thank you.
Donald Trump is just perfect.
Years ago Kelly didn't have any problem on talking about her sexual life, her husband's penis size and her breasts with the deviant Howard Stern. Just google it and see the video. Kelly is an hypocrite!
Donald bend over
Who ever votes for this stupid clown has the total right to be given the award if stupidity -_-
This guy is a Fucking Moron , it was a legit Question and no I am no liberal .I hope Ted Cruz wins, Scott Walker was ask a question about abortion he didn't crumble under like Trump did. Trump is to used to people kissing his ass almost all of Fox News is riding this guys dick . So this bitch has nothing to cry about , Jeb Bush was ask about several things he didn't cry  They all were ask tough questions Trump is the only one who crumbled under the pressure.   VOTE TED CRUZ 2016
They are all assholes.. You asshole.. I get it . It's Trump.. He's a clown.. Yea.. All of them are clowns.. But at least Trump means what he says.. He's not a product of a team of political coaches.. And most likely will do what he says.. Or you can all buy into the same old processed bullshit we keep getting shoved down our throats every 4 years. Your choice..
Why isn't Miranda sings running for president.-.
If this fake haired asshole is president then say hello to ww3 #LoveDoesntWin and everyone moving to Canada
Nice try ... This guy doesn't care about politics.. I think he cares about actually doing the job he is applying for.. God forbid that idea!?!?!
Nah we need people like you to stfu and get an adduction first your being racist now your talking shit to women lmao so mature
If I call Megyn Kelly a dishonest cunt, it isn't because I'm waging a war on women; it's because I genuinely think she is a dishonest cunt. Likewise, if Donald Trump calls Rosie O'Donnell a fat pig, it's precisely because he thinks she is a fat pig (which she obviously is), and saying that doesn't suggest a war on women, ludicrous as that sounds.

Donald Trump has probably said a lot of equallydisparagingthings about people who were males, but Megyn Kelly, the dishonest cunt, would never call it a war on men.
His response says enough.. Enough already.. The focus is to make a better country for us all not use media pulpits and time to for personal sport of bullshit politics.
To say he doesn't like women is just silly.. Come on.. That is a pathetic attack and just plain weak..
Blood is coming out of all of their eyes!
Megan should have leave him alone after he said "Only Rosie O'Donnell" but it is clear that she wanted him to engage and react and now she wants an apology. Pure stupidity from Fox and those asking the questions to Donald.
Lol that was epic, I'm actually going to vote this year.
I will never watch the Kelly file again as she is clearly to unprofessional to care about the ENORMOUS economic problems facing this country. KELLYS CLAIMS ABOUT TRUMP ARE FALSE AND HE HAS NEVER CALL WOMEN PIGS, DOGS, AND SLOBS.

I will never take this childish fool named Megyn Kelly seriously again!
.A political correct question--- I expected more from Fox
This is why i want him..he is fucking hilarious
I hope donald trump wins the republican nomination just so we can guarantee another liberal president
"The war on women"----the biggest lie ever told in modern american society.
Carly Fiorina 2016!
I hate Donald, I hate Megyn, I hate everyone in this video.
TRUMP 2016
hmmmm ok
SHOULDN'T THE TITLE OF THIS BE >>> IS FOX NEWS PART OF THE WAR ON TRUMP?
Trump --what a piece of sh-
People need to realize that candidates are normal people. Can't they joke around without the media jumping all over their tails? You can't tell me that you've never made a sexist or racist joke in jest without being serious at all. Just fooling around. You don't need to critique every single thing they say.
TRUMP HIT A NERVE ON MEGAN WHEN SAYING HE WAS TOTALLY AGAINST ABORTION. WONDERWHAT SHE'S HIDING.... HMMMM?
FOX NEWS SUCKS!!! FAIR AND BALANCED MY ASS... AMERICA NEEDS A MAN WITH BACKBONE. NO MORE PUPPETS
Word of advice to those who were born in the late 1980's and 1990's (and others who are---unfortunately---brainwashed by Zionist media) ALWAYS DO THE OPPOSITE OF WHAT MASS MEDIA WANTS YOU TO BELIEVE. If they praise someone (Obama), then you know all the following reports (post-2008) will push a particular agenda & they will BARELY criticize him. They will also bury any information which incriminates his administration. They did the same with George W. Bush, during his controversial hijack of the 2000 election & Sept. 11th controversy. The Zionist media is complicit with telling you how to think & who to hate.

Like Malcolm X said, "[The media] tells us to love whom they will....and HATE whom they will". Donald Trump's remark are no more HEINOUS than the ACTUAL CRIMES Barack Obama committed AFTER he received a Nobel Peace Prize!! No different than the crimes George W. Bush committed. Both of those individuals have a LIST of violations (and if you are intelligent, I shouldn't have to list them on a message board). Yet, this SAME MEDIA that CHEERED Bush when he was popular......BURIES any controversy about Obama.....they have a problem with Donald's blunt way of dealing with people?? No. There's more to this. Stop being robots. Obviously, Trump is the unpredictable relative THE ELITE wants to keep away from their circle. They can't pull his strings and that burns them.
Fox news were out yo get him from the start, good for Trump on standing for himself.
Is this a presidential question?
Fox needs to send their journalist to college.
Go to hell Fox news...you get you orders from satan
It's clear Fox is controlled by the Republican party and they're sick of Trump stealing the show. This question was so uncalled for, irrelevant to the debate, and is something I would've expected from NBC or CNN.
Conspiracy Theory / Devils Advocate time The attacks on Trump by the MSM are staged to make it look like they are trying to bring him down, when in fact it is all working in his favor
After not 1 not 2 not 3 but 4 bankruptcy that man knows how toSTEALMONEY from theTAXPAYERS...self centered pathetic male chauvinist fucking pig
Wow
Um I'm not an expert but doesn't it seem like he forbes the question
She got rekt !
Sounds like Megyn Kelly, Erick Erickson and probably Jeb Bush are trying to thwart Democracy and gang up on Trump in a very concerted effort by the extremely hostile remarks she madedesigned to embarrass Trump. There will be a massive backlash for their efforts by the people.
Donald Trump - " only Rosie O'Donnel" 
Audience towards Meghan - GET REKT BITCH
isDonald Trump gay or something ? He acts like he knows everything but by the end he won't know what to do. looks like my ant , she is rich, looks smart, but at the end she get lost.
sorry for my english . PEACE
The moderators ganged up on Donald Trump and he got the best of them. They were unprofessional - especially Kelly. She was clearly unfit to be a moderator. She personalized things, singled out Donald Trump, and totally ignored the world threatening stuff going on all around. THE US NEEDS A DONAL TRUMP AT THIS POINT IN HISTORY. Somebody not afraid of political correctness. Hell, we're up against an enemy that chops off people's heads and as a standard practice removes female clitorises. And Megan Kelly is offended by TRUMP! Get a bloody life!!
Fox News proving it is just another cog in the wheel of the mainstream media.
This isn't being politically correct, this is being a kind and nice human being to others.
The US is going crazy wtf..if a futuristic funny movie had show this clown was running for president we would think that was a funny joke.. whats next iggy azalea running for president or Britney spears? Lol john cena or the rock? Haha
Donald Trump is the equivalent to that one kid in grade school that thought it'd be a good idea to sucker punch his teacher for giving him detention. Ultimately, he ends up in prison about a decade later for doing even dumber shit.
I agree with Donald Trump. This country is in big trouble. Fuck political correctness.
Really Fox? War on women? Get it together. No one cares about Trump insulting women or anyone when measured against the real issues facing the nation, not some made up "war on women".
Donald Trump: proof that any cunt with an opinion can run for President. -_-
Lol donald ain't winning anything
Donald Trump is only being used for entertainment.
viva Trump!!! I'm sure he likes the women.
You can't stump Trump.
No, Trump is not part of the so called "war on women", that's the nation of islam you are thinking about. He is just a huge jack ass who thinks he is above everybody, not just women. A president has to be humble, approachable, cool headed, able to unite and compromise. Trump is none of those things!
Meh... The way some people are raging about this, I was expecting him to be up there yelling that "women belong in the kitchen" or whatever. Seems like he was just simply criticizing a few people when he said those things. I guess you can say that his remarks were a bit immature, but they were hardly sexist.
He's fucking stupid ass fuck
I would vote for him if I lived in the U.S.. War on women there's no such thing. He is correct in his statement :)
This was a war on men not a war on women. Women can get away with anything.
TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT!!!
Trash Fox News, couldn't find better questions? What was the source for the line of questioning, this was disgraceful boo fox.
#hate trump
I don't give a fuck if it's Trump or Ronal McDonald. As long as we have peace, harmony, understanding. 
......... 
We need brain. Not brains. Singular.
If Donald Trump wins, then I have no respect for America.
Say what you want about Megyn Kelly but I would bang tf out of her any day of the week.
oh god i hope he doesn't spend more on war. 116 bil. is good enough
XD
He is da man
A business man(A BILLIONARE) would not be too bad of an idea as a President!!

Come on...

I like business so I support Trump; and in terms of the country's profit I think he'll improve it. Financial prosperity will increase with Trump.

Hopefully though he can cut down the war aspect.
DONALD TRUMPSUSPEND YOUR CAMPAIGN TODAY YOU FAILED YOU'RE BUM YOU'RE ARE A BUM, YOURE FIRED PULL THE PLUGON HIMNOW!
Yes, I was successful in getting more dislikes on the video.
No point arguing ladies in gents! America will fall before Obama gets out. Obama destroyed America and created a dumbdown brainwashed mentally ill population designed to collapse things. Though he is a puppet of the NWO he is still guilty. America you brought yourself down. Prepare yourself for a civil war and WW3. I'm ready, I'm not politically correct and live in lala land.
Brilliant answer Donald! Why isthis woman using such a hateful tone asking a question lol!
Honestly Donald Trump is the only one with enough balls on that stage to say what is on his mind and to fire his political advisor becuase he doesnt give a rats ass about what liberals think about him, The man is already rich him buying a presidency will actually make him lose money thats why I think Trump actually cares about the country and its well being, This man is what us republicans have been waiting for!
alternative right pls! fuck fox, fox is not conservative.
@ Lucie Medici.....
I agree with your comment,
Sad to see how rudeness is
used, including many Comments
Posted.
LOL bout time someone stopped caring about PC and actually stated what's true: this country has bigger issues.
Well looks like I'm no longer bleeding.
Ha Ha Ha so stupid Trump Ha Ha Ha
Megan is a Loser!
Fox News sucks
megyn kelly was on the howard stern show bragging about her breasts and her husbands penis, that tells you everything.. she also lied about what trump said about women.. The Apprentice had many women on who won, go ask them if he abused them
#Trump2016 hes funny and will get shit done
GO TRUMP
Brain the hair on his head shows how the amount of brain he's got.
"We need brain." Lol they won't find it anywhere near Trump.
DONALD TRUMP. AMERICA FUCK YEAH....!!!!!   America is home of the biggest pussies in the world!  You can't say anything I this country without hurting someones pussy..  so I am sick of it..  Donald you got my vote...!   An if you don't like it. Go fuck yourself
If that isnt double standards then I dont know what is. Woman need to stop calling men dogs how ignorant and single sided
So not only is he a racist, he's also a misogynist. I'm not surprised. And, to think, Donald Trump most likely didn't read RNC chairman Rance Priebus's 2012 "autopsy report." Typical righties, they will never learn.
fddsds
Trump is a democrat working to split the vote on the right.
MALT LIQUOR
There is political correctness and then there is just common decency, a trait that Mr. Trump is missing. He was called out on national television for making repeated disparaging remarks about women and he responded by making further disparaging remarks about the person that raised the issue. Mr. Trump is use to only dealing with people that are generally at economic effect of him and so he has been able to set his own rules of behavior. Well now he is in the public square, auditioning to be elected to the highest office in the land, and the rules are very different. Everything that you have said and done in the pastis fair game. Clearly he doesn't like it and responds like a bratty child. It would appear that his emotional development was arrested somewhere back in his twenties. The Republican party understands that more than half of the electorate is female and that Mr. Trump is providing a treasure trove of attack ad materials for the Democrats which will make it impossible for him to get the majority of the female vote. They will never let Trump be their candidate despitehis short term popularity in the polls. He will either bow out in the next few months, claiming that he was treated unfairly, or he will mount a third party candidacy which will have limited success and insure that Clinton will be the next President.
Trump is going to clean up house...
You wanna hear a joke.




Fox News
Another low blow from the American journalism! They threw a pale with human waste in Donald's face and enjoyed it! Donald was pretty nice about it. I do not know how Hilary is going to react if someone does the same thing to her? They forgot to mention that Trump is promoting women, but only the good side of them in business and beauty pageants! He is critical about stupidity of governments,men and women!
Do not be fooled America!
Such a moronic statement.... 'war on women' lmao
He is rish and he got alot of millions and millions of dollars and he has a big house but ,i dont know why he wants to be a president... he dosent like immigrants and he says all those ugly stuff but he only things about winning ...but i bet he will never go to the army. There are some people that are immigrants that are in air force and the army and other places so he dosent need to say stuff about immigrants  he need to respect. And when he goes to events he ONLY talk about immigration doing bad stuff and spend bad people to U.S. and thats the only thing he talks about. But he think thats he came here to WORK and HAVE A BETTER LIFE AND THE FUTURE OF OUR KIDS. Not all people are the same. Mrs.Trump dosent have a heart. He forgot that he has grandparents that there immigrants. 

But the is getting all the attention because when he was lil kid his parents derent give him all the attention he need.

He ONLY thinks about himself and U.S but NOT for other people 

#Your #not #the #ONLY #person #in #the  #world
I would say something, but I've learned by now that you can't teach 40+yo white bigots how stupid they sound, it only provokes them to make themselves sound even worse. Best to just argue with people who actually have brains, teach your children not to be like that, and wait for the last bigot generation of this country to die off. You can't teach them anything,
EAVEN ROSIE: deserves RESPECT.
Please make this guy president. That way the rest of the world would have a general consensus on declaring the US as an oficial joke.
OK: IT IS TIME!
Now I like Donald, It is now time he stop and shows how he can be a leader. not a fun guy.
Show how professional you can be? Please!
If he gets elected......WE ARE ALL FUCKED
I think that Trump makes fun of him self better than i ever could, nice job for making yourself looking like an asshat Trump you didn't make me do it for you, you did it yourself.
So what if he wants to see a woman on her knees. It's good to have a great sexual appetite.
I pity the people of USA. Lack the mental capacity to think straight and do anything except live their ignorant and fake lives.
At this rate, Trump will be in the nuthouse before the election....thank god.
Americans have to ask themselves why they are so obsessed with being the "winning country" and "on top" like wtf is wrong with you
fox news is no better than cnn
I don't need to tell you how stupid Donald Trump is,every time he speaks he proves my point.I'm just waiting for Trump to fly to Africa and kill a famous lion or 2.
Making jokes when they are trying to dig into him... what a man
Move over Howard Stern, we have a NEW Hero of the Stupid!
I can't wait for Donald trump to become president!!!!
Donald Trump: a racist, an a hole against women, and a rich snob.
Trump for President. Megyn Kelly is part of the problem with all the fake fox news! She was out classed again bimbo!
Trump is taking away votes, he's a joke. Vote Rand Paul!!!
I think this dude is a complete and utter retard but, I guess a broken clock is right 2 times a day.
Yes, we need strength, energy, quickness and brain. No, we don't need disrespectfulness, rudeness, inconsiderateness, bigotry, racism, sexism, or any of your other politically incorrectness. You never solve anything by putting more fuel on the fire.
LOL fox news is trying to spin their political agenda, and nobody agrees with them hahahaha. Nice headline, you fail.
****heart, ran out of space. You desire material things, when God provides us with everything we have and need. SMH!!!
He is a poor of an excuse of a man. It is not about calling a woman a fat pig, because he looks like he goes home, takes his toupee off and puts on baby clothes. He has no filter. Anyone who is cheering for him are all just as racist as he is. He needs his a$$ kicked by a Mexican, so he knows they have made this country. You crackers are just upset because your kids are sleeping with a black or Spanish person and it is because we got something whites have to buy, ok two things, lips and a hear
Go Trump!
ON YOUR KNEES WORKED FOR BILL CLINTON WITH MONICA
Love Megyn.
Fox News are a bunch of bullshitters.
Fuck you Fox News for trying to alienate a true American. And fuck political correctness!
Trump is so......EPIC. He's the ONLY one running who tells it like it is! Rock on, Mr. Trump.......and spit in the eyes of every failed lib career politician who's damaged a once great nation.
That is why I watch BBC because CNN & FOR are garbage. All they do is make stupid Americans not reason with them but spread corporate and political bullshit into people's mind. No true journalism in America as long people make their opinion base on TV stations.
This remark and several others from Trump were completely rude and unnecessary. It doesn't have anything to do with not being politically correct, it has everything to do with being a decent human being. Trump is not that. And he honestly thinks he's going to be president, lol.
Donald trump would as president
New Petition is Circulating to Remove Megyn Kelly from Moderating Future Debates
I hope Trump keeps up these kinds of comments, and I hope that he wins the Republican nomination. It will be nice having a Democrat in the White House again.
He's just a jackass
Right now the feminists are livid maybe mattress girl can say Trump eye raped her?

I say Trump scored big the status quo is in terror ....
This bitch need a cock into her mouth to shut the fuck up. The bitch turn a debate into a personal attack. The people don't want to hear about fat women. They want to hear about education, jobs, immigration and so on....
Rand Paul got half the amount of time The Donald Trump did. Rand Paul got the least amount of time. just like his father Ron Paul, Rand Paul is being ignored. Rand Paul is loud unapologetic and can play politics. so the only way to make him less visible is to bring in Donald Trump your resident ringer stooge and the man who will eventually get Hillary Clinton elected. don't believe me? Go look at the debate breakdown statistics chart. the entire debate might as well have been a Donald Trump interview with a few politicians on the sidelines begging for time , questions, or any attention they could receive whatsoever. Fox News, times like this show exactly how controlled the media is. it's time for the silent majority to stand up and indite the system.
Fuck Donald trump
No, Fox News, you're just as bad as all of those other news stations. You pathetic pukes are bought and paid for, you lie just as much as the rest of them. Any Conservative who listens to your tripe is foolish. Fox News is not "fair and balanced", they are propaganda twits just like the rest of them. "War on Women"? No, media, we need to ask YOU why you have a "War on America"? Sick of you lying assholes.
He killed it!!
Although I don't really care for Mr. Trump, I researched where she got this info on what he had said. Rosy had made vulgar, degrading verbal remarks while on the View about his wives, children, family and contestants of the Miss Universe Pageant then flipped the bird to the camera and said for him to sit on it and spin! So in defense of his family and the women of the pageant he said what he said to Rosy. Probably could of handled it differently but I don't hold it against him. Rosy is a foul mouth, crude person who had no right to attack his family on national tv in the manor she did. But I still do not think he is presidential material
War on Intelligence more like.
Lol if he wins he is going to be the next president to get shot
I don't support trump as president but I respect this video, megyn Kelly is a disrespectful kook, its refreshing to see a men not fear dishing out what a women starts with a war on women ? people like megyn these feminists loons hurt women more than men clearly with their own stupidity... fox news is complete and utter bullshit clear as day and anonymous in time is going to shut their propaganda down lol, megyn Kelly was the wrong female for the job...
Trump is officially legendary. People will talk about this great moment in history, for years to come.
Megan is self centered does not. Likee trump. So she waste time on stupidity
Trump is the father of his own hitler army. 
Fuck em all.
It was B.S. to even make a stupid question as this fox blew this one
Everything goes back to Mexico. How do women connect to Mexico?
trump haters are idiots they need to learn to shut up and listen
The comment section and Donald Trump are disgusting
Really War on Women? There is no War on Women! A few are running for President.
He's part of the war on the establishment you shills are trying to protect.
I'd fully support Trump. Yes, he's a bombastic SOB. Yes, he's belligerent. And yes, he's qualified to undo the mess caused by the Democrats and RINOs.

I hope Trump buys Fox so he can fire YOU, Megyn!
Is Megyn Kelly part of the war on men?
Kudos to Trump. F Fox News for their reality show debate!
Tbh, I'd much rather have Trump for pres than Hillary. ground shakes Oh shit!!! RUN!!! ITS THE FEMINAZIS!!!
vote for RED!
No he is not. Fuck off, Fox.
This only has so many dislike because WE have too many soft motherfuckers running around. Everyone wants to be PC. Fuck PC and fuck the system.
How are people even cheering for this buffoon? Did he pay off half the audience or are they really so stupid?
Why does America care so much about beating every other country at anything conceivably good, we in other countries (I'm from New Zealand) aren't laughing at America because you think it's weak (you spend more than 3 times more money than China on defense) we laugh at America because your people are so f**king stupid when it comes to evolution and vaccines and gay rights and whether mentally ill people should be given automatic rifles and whether the UN charter for children's rights should not be signed by America because it would be against the constitution to say that children shouldn't be executed. Honestly we're actually kinda sick of you people getting involved in everything. Again, you people are not the laughing stocks of other nations because you are weak, you are the laughing stocks because you rub your strength in every other nations face.
Megan Kelly took the "Go to your knees" quote out of context, I saw the video where he said it and he was using it in the same context as someone else who initially said it which meant give up or fold, Nothing sexual about it.
Megan Kelly IS a disingenuous bitch playing gotcha game with smoke and mirrors and idiots out there are buying her Bullshit because they are stupid.
War on woman? How about the war on men? => Megyn Kelly. The rights version of the leftist/progressive false feminist. She confuses attempting to degrade and humiliate men with female "empowerment." What did her first husband say about divorcing her? They were both looking for wives?
"I have the right to be an ass because i'm going to fix the country!" Good luck with that Trump, better men have tried and failed.
Trump is sexist racist and he wnts Mexicans out he's rude and very selfish Hilary For Sure 2015 unless ur a dumb ass voting for trump :)
GO TRUMP
Is he still around? I thought we, the American people, "Fired" his sorry ass years ago?
Trump is a fucking asshole,what kind of moron would vote for him?
I used to think Meghan Kelly was impartial but she's showing here she was out to attack Trump, which is not an impartial journalist and is now back to being political under the guise of impartial. These weren't questions, these were attacks on him and she didn't do that to anyone else. What a shame.
(   )
I wouldn't mind if trump became president. I look forward to moving to Canada. Hear it's nice
I wish all you SJW's, Feminists, Transgender sympathizers, and pussified liberal sheep would just disappear off the face of this planet. This country's a fucking joke.
Literally every liberal, fat bitch, sexist, feminist: "Oh no Trump is going to win; I'm moving to Canada."
Can you guys check out my Gaming Channel! Please and Thanks
Trump gets my vote. Why do women get so shocked. It's only logical they get disrespected when they don't deserve respect. They act like an enraged toddler when someone treats them the way they deserve to be treated. If their biggest achievement in this world is to promote sexual Immorality in the name of freedom I can't see why that would gain a man's respect.
TRUMP 2016
what an ass .
Their is no war on women! Trump has called women rude things, BUT he has also called men losers, dummy, morons etc. Now because hes called women fat or a pig suddenly hes part of this "war on women". The war on women is a load of crap!
I don't want him to be president but he shut down FOX news, thanks for that
Who cares about that Megan Kelly. Her dumb ass parents couldn't even figure out how to spell her name. And she's a phony asshole right down to her fake ass eyelashes.
Fuck this crusty old ass bitch if ur reading this Donald go fuck ur self u disrespected all us Hispanics.
Go DONALD TRUMP!! Fuk the Politics :)
It seems now if you dare tell a woman she is wrong you areconsideredsexist.
Donald know he richer than most of those candidates and that lady who is  questioning him. Donald my role model
I'm tired of hearing "If Trump wins I'm moving to Canada" then leaves bitches you're only making America weaker.
The comment section is dark and full of trolls
Carb the fuck up
If Donald Trump is elected president I strongly encourage ALL liberals to move to Canada. Only then will we finally see that Conservatism works and Liberalism is the cancer in America. Even Canada will eventually get tired of you.
Trump2016
A big up yours to the establishment!
C A N T S T U M P T H E T R U M P B O Y S
Even though Trump comes off as an obnoxious blowhard, he didn't deserve the treatment he received here at all. You could easily tell whose side these so called "reporters" and "moderators" were on. For what's it worth, Trump held his own pretty well, and Fox's little "setup" backfired on them because of that. Fox News needs to clean house and start over, especially after this debacle. They can start by getting rid of Kelly (move her to one of the worst networks....MSNBC) Wallace, Hannity, and O'Reilly. Oh, and if by some stroke of luck that Karl Rove is still lurking around this network somewhere with his stupid white board....get rid of him, too, as he seems to talk more out of his rear end than his mouth anymore.
That Was a great response... He is still a racist. #fuckthatputo
we need to get one of those Mexicans drug lords to turn you around trumps and put a bullet in your fucking head
Why is Kelly assuming that Hillary is going to win president? She is asking how he will "support her" if she is the democratic candidate. Why is it assumed that if she wins the nomination, she will win the election?
There is no war on women stfu
hot and slutty I like ;)
Fuck Hillary.... This dude is gold
hahahaha look how mad she gets when the people start clappin
No, but Fox News is part of a globalist agenda and Trump isn't one of their puppets so it's no surprise you people at Fox News will do what ever you can to make sure he doesn't get elected.. and to think, I once loved Fox News. You all are no better than CNN, with the exception of a very few.
Seriously? Aren't there about 12,273 more important questions to ask?
What a waste of debate time.
Megyn Kelly is a Rachell Maddow wannabe. FOX NEWS took a dive into MSNBC territory with a question like that. I am tired of seeing things being made in CHINA! But the greenies will never let industry return to USA. TRUMP tells it like it is and if youi want jobs in AMERICA you will need hear the truth.
I just simply feel sorry for this man. How can someone be this much of a narrow minded being?
God he's so retarded
lmao DT2016
What Donald Trump saying is Bullshit!!
Dude we call each other fags and douches all the time and nobody gives rat's tail, yet when you call an woman a bitch for being one, it's an war against woman?
If you don't like somebody, you have an option of walking away and find a different company that caters to you.
Getting so tired of bitches acting like they are entitled to be treated like princesses.
Nobody is entitled for anything. Toughen up.
I didn't even care much for this man before, but I just found myself applauding. You scored, mr. Trump
"You called women pigs, slobs, and told one woman she'd look better on her knees. How do you respond"

"Well, America is losing behind to China and political correctness doesn't matter"

It may not be a huge deal but who the fuck who elect a man as psycho as Trump
how is there a war on women exactly? can someone educate me please
Thank god I live in Canada
Megan Kelly is the most stupid women to question Trump about somethings he said in the past. The debate is about the future of America. About Iran, China, Mexico, Russia, North Korea, jobs and make America great.  Not about women. Yes, there are thousands in America who are fat and ugly. Donald Trump fired Megan till blood oozed from her eyes. Hello hello, all those who think they can come to Canada to shoot moose, you are a bloody coward. Yes, a coward running away from Donald Trump entering Canada to kill innocent moose who have done nothing to American cowards Face the truth you are bloody cowards. Go to Alaska cowards to kill crabs.
this dude is an amazing example of an imbecile just taking space up. honestly, drop dead or summat
AHAHAHAHAHAHA. No.
The only thing attractive about this man is his bank account.
Way to be on the issues Faux news, lol
Wow a lot of fat bitches disliked this video.
Donald Trump For President ! 
He Is More Concerned And Set On Helping America And Strengthening Us ! But Feminist And Sheet , Think That We Are Only Voting For Donald Trump Because He's A Man , That's Not The Case ! I'm A Woman , But I'm Not Oblivious To Her (Hillary Clinton's) Plans ! She's Going To Put Martial Law Into Effect ! Our F*cken Lives Depend On This Election ! Everyone , Open Your Eyes !!
CHALLENGING POLITICAL CORRECTNESS IS NOT THE SAME THING AS BEING AN ASSHOLE
GOOD GOD ARE YOU PEOPLE FUCKING SERIOUS!?? SHE CALLS HIM OUT ON SEXIST COMMENTS AND HE AVOIDS THE QUESTION BUT YOU STILL TAKE HIS SIDE?? You people make me ashamed to be a Republican.
Oh shutup fox
You mean the alphabet channels are the same as fox but they just wear different disguises? Who'd of thought....the mainstream press was run by the same far left socialist mind set.
Apparently FOX News is part on the "war on conservatives" and America itself.Really disappointed in you, Megyn.She is a Hilary operative, so I hope that both Kelly and Clinton take a nice long holiday in any Muslim country and REALLY SEE where the "war on women" really takes place!
I don't think Donald Trump is necessarily being sexist. Nah, I just think he is intentionally being an asshole; making the most disrespectful, most insulting, or "ballsiest" comments that he can think of. Trump is doing this because he knows very well it gets him attention, and that it rallies up hardcore conservatives across the country. He is presenting himself as a no-bullshit, anti-politically correct, rebellious pundit who is sticking it to the left-wing establishment and is "telling it like it is." A huge amount of conservatives eat that shit up and make them want to support him. In reality, though, Donald Trump is simply being a huge bully and an an asshole to everyone - going out of his way to insult and humiliate whomever doesn't like him. He is not a right-wing hero any more than Hilary Clinton is a left-wing hero. Plus, I doubt he will fully stand by everything that he says throughout his campaign, especially what he said about Megyn Kelly and Mexican migrants.
, /
` (   ) 
 >  ,
_,,,/
I hear nothing wrong
He gets my vote for that comment alone.
I understand why people like Rand Paul and even Chris Christie because at least those guys have a few ideas. During that entire debate what ideas did Donald Trump present? None. Oh that's right , he's gonna build a big wall on the Mexican border, very innovative idea lol. At least Rand Paul has some different ideas and plans that he presents, whether they're good ideas or not is a debate but they're ideas nonetheless. What ideas or plans did Donald Trump present? Zero. This guy is an entertainer not a politician and the fact that he is so high in polls for the president of the United States is absolutely laughable and proves that there is a serious problem with the people of this country because apparently all you need to do is have no ideas and degrade women if you're going by the Trump voter logic. This guy is a joke and people who actually consider voting for him are jokes too
why was he getting questions about his past and not what he could do in the future? I feel like this question wasted time.
SOMEONE EXPLAIN HOW ANY OF THOSE COMMENTS WERE SEXIST. HE SAYS FAR WORSE ABOUT MEN ALL THE TIME.
Is there any doubt that conservatives are quintessentially anti-American?
The rest of the world is laughing at You, America. Are you really considering making this man Your president? Wow...
Donald Trump is so incredibly frat it's hilarious
        
It's funny how the moderators spent the entire time attacking trump as opposed to asking him actual questions. If I wanted to hear people attack public figures, I'd go on tumbler.
So what hes a little sexist least hes being more honest than the rest of the jackass politicians
If he scares the political establishment and media then that's ok in my book because they have all become to politically incorrect. Think how he will scare our enemies around the world who need a little fear from the U.S. from time to time. Trump is the only one who can't be bought or controlled they know it and it's why they don't like him. Trump for President! 
Megan Kelly was a disgrace. A complete smear tactic by Fox to drive the ratings and make Trump look bad. I watch Fox and I'm ashamed of this performance.
Money's talkin'!
It looks to me like FOX NEWS is personally going after Donald Trump. That's what this looks like... I don't think I am going to be watching FOX NEWS anymore.
Hey megan nazi , time for another face tuck. We all know how tough shes got it, if she were a man she would be head of fox newscorp. And president..... GO NAZI GO!
Does it really matter what his personal viewpoints are? We need someone that has a backbone and bring some economic stability. If anyone can do it I believe it can be Trump. He won't make decisions based on how politically correct the action might be.
He's got my vote! Aside from just drooling at the thought of  the excitement that would ensue from him painting the white house gold........which actually would be more politically correct, After the moron we had for 8 years followed by Obama for 8 years trying to fix the mess hd was left with. I say let's just ruin the lives of every damn politician and enjoy the show. And trump hates ILLEGAL immigrants not LEGAL immigrants.
I agree completely with Trump on this. That being said, I really hope he doesn't become our president.
Megyn Kelly is a feminist propgandist fire her, theres bigger problems then the topics she brings up
The heart of Kelly's question was whether Trump thinks he has the "temperament" to be President having insulted people.  Now, temperament is the quality of reacting to life situations and having stability doing it.  That seems a required quality for a job with fingers on nuclear bombs.  So, the question was highly relevant.  However, Kelly undermined her great inquiry by turning her question into an ambarrasing accusation.  It was unnecessary.  He of course focused on the attack part, used humor, and fired back.  She got what she risked and he looked at par with his standards.  We all lost somehow -- or we got an answer hummm.
It's actually disgusting how unimportant some of you find it that we have a respectful and considerate president :)Trump will make this country look like a huge joke. What an asshat.
We would not need to waist time on political correctness if we knew the real meaning or respect or knew how to use our brain instead of showing off who has the biggest BALLS. Lets see if a pit bull or bully on the white house is going to know how to resolve conflicts,find solutions for peace or bring more war into the our planet. its like we don't have enough of this kind of idiots as leaders on the planet we have to find another one? If you people don't care for the well being of others there are many that cares for theirs an yours too
HAHAHAHA  I LOVE THE WAY HE HANDLED THIS DUMB CUNT.

ALL MEN SHOULD TALK TO WOMEN THIS WAY.
U go l HATE FAT. ROSEY
The Irony here being the Morons who support this cockstain are always bitching about Muslims and rights.
Let us be clear, there is only one slight difference between Christians Right and the Muslims, The Christians want their women dressed like whores, and to keep their goddamn yap shut. The Muslims do not want their women to dress like whores, but still want their yap shut.
Pathetic the lot of you.
Gosh that man is an idiot!!!!!
We should Just vote for Trump sit back have a laugh
I'd like him to explain how is the US losing on China and losing on Mexico. In the US, unemployment is lower, living qualitystandards are higher, democracy is stronger, people are freer. Why making up phony wars to lure voters? Leave developing countries alone, they have their own issues, which aren't small, by the way
and it was obvious she treated Mr. Trump with very little respect......I guess she wants to make a name for herself as the brain dead info news babe!!
the fox news info babe is an idiot.....she does like Donald Trump, and its obvious.....she is as about as stupid, as stupid gets.....what a halfwit
Finally there is some manly face in America after Hilary and Cathyln Jenner saga...Fox news is backing on Bush...which is obvious
Megyn kelly does not have one thought of her own. She still thinks Santa clause has to be white. She is a talking head that gets on her knees for fox everyday. Trump is a Billionaire that is just doing what I call social masturbation for the rich and elite. Sad thing out of all the people running for president not one has or will do a damn thing with out some one sliding them huge amounts of money in the end. Trust me Trump is a business man he has his own agenda.
Mr. Trump has cajones... unlike the other past and present candidates.
I'm from Indonesia, and actually didn't really fond of Donald Trump. But Ive watched the debate...and I can tell FOX was not very professional. A moderator should be neutral, and everyone with smarter brain would know that you were attacking Trump with questions that have nothing to do with your country biggest concerns. You just like a highschool mean girl who concern about other mean girl (rossie) being trashed by Trump. Watching the debate honestly make me think if I were an american I would vote for Trump. I have a friend who is an american who will vote for Trump, and I agree with him that Trump is just a good realist.
Trump is the master of logical fallacies. he knows exactly how to get an idiot's attention. no wonder so many rednecks and racists support him.
This was a very interesting moment in political history because FOX essentially used the old"rope a dope"strategy (made famous by boxer Muhammad Ali) against Trump.
Trump madedisparaging remarks against Megyn Kelly'stough but justified questioningduring thedebate, many hours afterwards Trumpcouldn't let it go while Fox News and Kelly wisely said nothing.
Trump had bitten the very hand that fed him.
America can't stand a pretty female getting attacked by a misogynist, Trump is asixty nineyear old man with the emotional intelligence of a seven year old - yet he wants to be President of the United States.
Wow. To think this guy is winning?
America is a fucking joke.
I'm not proud. Fuck outta here.
Always easy for a rich old white man to not be politically correct...Trump is everything that is wrong with this country...
What war on women..we can do what we want...I sure do hear alot of females talking ugly about all men these days more than anything....Lets get real here white,black,male or female there are assholes everywhere and there are good people out there...THE END!!
You guys do know that one of Trumps executive assistants, Amanda Miller, is a woman right? He also has several women VPs for his organizations and winners of The Apprentice have been women. If he was a misogynist then that wouldn't happen. This comment section explains exactly what Trump talks about! People jump to conclusions when he says one thing about somebody. There is no critical thinking in this country. People need to lighten up and stop trying to be so politically correct all the time!
you really blew the first debate out your asses ,,,, I hope you have a better grasp of issues that are important for the future of the nation ,, despite petty dislikes some people have ,, women voted for Bill Clinton because they liked his looks ,,, grow the hell up
You say something you like about someone and then it becomes harassment any more. You cant joke with people like you use to or compliment them with out getting them mad. its not the problem with the person that says something, its that someones always thinking the negative about what anyone says. if you hate what people say then why do you listen or let it get to you.
I don't know why the fat pigs and dogs in the audience are laughing, he is talking about them too. Funny that his mirror is broken because then maybe he'd see he is old, ugly and fat. Throw in adulterer too.
There goes all his LGBT votes.
Go Don. meg looks like she thinks she's something & she,s not. The 1st question the 3 little piggiesasked, was a well thought out question to which THE 3 OF THOSE UNPROFESSIONAL DOGS, INTENTIONALLY "KNEW THE ANSWER TO" They set him up. If it was me, I'd have taken out Mr. Winkie & say to it, pointing it megster & shaking it saying, "Wave goodbye to all the pigies, wanna kiss goodbye?"


He's Donald Trump, we need HIM - HE DOES NOT NEED US
I wage a war on women everytime I jack hammer pussy with my dick.
Seriously Fox News? Starting petty schoolyard Drama? No one gaf about that blonde bimbo.
Doesn't look to me from MK that there is a war on women-there are more important things to worry about than this ridiculous question! How about the war on innocent life?
Trump owned that stage !
War on women... what will the Dem.'s try next :)
if you think trump is gonna do a good job you are weak and natural selection is coming for you
So saying something to 1 woman is considered an attack on all women? That doesn't even make sense
Rand I love you, even gave you money, but you can't take out the Donald stop trying, DO YOU .....Trump had the juice to take on Washington, all the principles in the world can't, you should be Trump's biggest fan....fuck FOX news
if he's waging war on women then I want to be his general
If he wins I'm gonna pray for Canada for the massive rise of American immigrants that are going to show up to their land. #PrayForCanada
Trump 2016!!
I really hated her. The first question she asked for him was almost an attack. You can tell she was very passionate almost as if she wanted to see him crash and burn. She also worded all the questions like she had the answers to them herself
i am sick of the constant use of the word "war", (poverty, crime, drugs, women, etc) it's gone the way of "hero"
Q maricada de clown!!
Bravo, Mr. Trump. Shame on you Ms. Kelly.
wow look at all these shitty people
Donald Trump for World Emperor
Statics show that Trump's supporters did not go to college.  Look it up.
Do people actually watch fox news for any reason other then comedy?
Donald trump haves my vote.
fuck all of you sensitive people.
Kelly put her foot in her mouth, bad choice of a question it shows her immaturity and he over self confidence. Lost a lot of respect for her on this one. I will not watch her show going forward.
Here s the deal he tells the truth?? Since when did openly telling the truth become a bad thing? Whether u like him or not, he doesn't blow smoke up your a$$
Politicle correctness is just a week and cowardly society's way of bullying free speech. It's one of the Marxist tenants for breaking a strong culture of individual freedom.
Sub to me I ain't racist or whatever the new word for it nowadays is.... (TRUMP!!!)
Didn't Donald Trump bankrupt a Casino then lie about it?
Gop is a joke cuz of that idiot
I love how he didn't answer the question at all.
You are all retarder
Fox and CNN working together to slander Trump, wow the establishment must be really scared, Donald has no Lobbyist strings attached.  

I never really liked Donald, but he's been so transparent and the guy speaks his mind, and most of all he is not controlled by Lobbyist Scum like all other politicians.
Fox News is trying to discredit the Donald! They are not on his side anymore. Don't watch Fox. TRUMP 2016 !
I will never vote for Donald Trump because of his criticism and racism that is just discusting. Who would want a president who tells Mexicans and the Chinese to go back to there country that's just mest up and sick Donald Trump and telling woman that they're  ugly and slobs and other things
If we elect him look on the plus side! We can get the Third World War out of the way!
The Republican party once stood by Trump, until he began taking their voters away. Trump's raw, unfiltered language isn't anything new, he's been doing it for as long as I can remember. Yet, only now does the GOP have a problem with him? He's been a racist asshole since the beginning of time.

I don't like Trump. But I will agree that he is being treated unfairly by the GOP and people are desperately taking shots at him to try and limit the damage he does. If he doesn't win the nomination (probably not), he sure as hell will make the Republican party miserable.
Donald Trump's answer: "We loose to China, we loose to Mexico... SO FUCK WOMEN"
LOOOOOL is Fox News really publishing this? Has hell frozen over?
Am Hispanic and I would vote for Donald Trump. He speaks the truth
but He won't win. Because the establishment want him out.
Fox is so scared this guy will become the next republican candidate. They do nothing but attack his character. NEWS FLASH Mr. Trump doesn't care if you attack his character, the american public doesn't care if you attack his character. He's leading your polls because of this. Attack his policies (which are pretty looney) if you want to make a difference. You're just feeding him. He's like a troll.
I hope Donald trump brings back American gladiator I loved that show !
Megyn Kelly is starting the war on women. Fox 'journalists' are freaks and seem to have gotten a bonus to destroy Trump. They failed. His numbers rise as no one wants to be ugly like Fox. No more PC ever! Sick of it! As Fox is now on YT because no one watching the TV box where they belong! Just truth here, no more lies from the TV goons! Murdoch is scared of Trump! All of them are! And it's so refreshing! Except Megyn doesn't bleed, she's a lizard.
Megyn Kelly was totally out of line. There is no "war on women" with Trump but there certainly is a "war on Trump" with Fox News. After the debate Drudge and Time Magazine along with the New York Times had Trump winning ar 47% with over 500,000 votes cast and yet the 12 person panel on Fox News hosted by the consistently incompetent Frank Luntz had Trump as the "big loser" along with the usual suspect talking heads. So, who are we to believe? 15 or 16 know nothings on Fox News or the American people? If Fox News thinks they are a shoe in because they are our only conservative cable news outlet, they better think again. I think most of us can agree we do like fair and balanced but there was none of that when the subject was Donald Trump. I'm surprised Megyn Kelly didn't ask "Do you still beat your wife, Mr. Trump?" or will that be the next question Fox News biased anchors pose? It's obvious Ms. Kelly is sold on herself but the fall from grace might be just around the corner if she doesn't curb her bias. Cutsie only goes so far!! And one more thing...Rosie O'Donnell is a fat pig with a big mouth. She is a truther and thinks Bush brought down the Trade Towers. She believes "steel doesn't melt". Here's an article that sums up some of the idiotic things the "fat pig" has said over the years.

http://humanevents.com/2012/03/19/rosie-odonnells-hypocrisy-finally-caught-up-to-her/
We need people like trump to tell you exactly how things are in this country
GO TRUMP ! DOWN WITH red state. The republican establishment is scared to death and I am thrilled ! Don't much care for fox news any more aether. This so called debate shows me that fox news seems to be bought off.
Donald Trump would make san outstanding president were losing to china,and the rest of the world in trade and manufacturing our country is overrun with minorities who are trying to take over America. We must take up now and take this country back.
For example the boy scouts and radical thinking in this country. Trump in the only onewho is not a politian we don't need any more politians . If asked most people would agree with me. People are feed up with political correctness in this country. We can not let our country go to the Mexicans in the muslums.
Donald Trump is gross, in all possible ways. I'm a Republican and he's an embarrassment. If that's the best we've got ....go are totally screwed.
What a bimbo to ask a question like that! Have so many problems with everything in this country, terrorist, nukes, Lying ass politicians. That just proves what a bunch of bullshit our media is. Goes on and on and on. Rosy is a pig and he called that right to day Megan is a Bimbo trying to get some ratings and I'm ashamed of her. Thought she was a good reporter but now we see shes no different from the rest of left wing media and will never watch her show again. YOU GO TRUMP> Kick all these lying bastard to the curb and fix our country. Oh and Megan looking a little old there with those flabby ass legs. That FOX would have retire those buy now. Enjoy your 15 minutes of fame. Trump will smash you and F$%K political correctness. Had a enough of smooth talking, lying ass promises from our politicians.GO TRUMP!!! And Megan you have my permission to air my comment. THX< Worried Granpa
TRUMP2016!!!!!
Go The DONALD GOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!
I thought R O do neel was a man!
I feel like Donald Trump will be a great president... just because he jokes around doesn't mean he will be a bad president. If he were to be elected wait 4 years and all of you will see how great he is and how he has turned america around.
Megan = BITCH!
I don't vote so I usually don't get involved in any political discussion, but I can see what Trump is saying. If we all let what people say about us define us or bring us down then we are a country full of pussies who will never win anything.
Trump at least is not politician he can be Reigan second
we need the donald or someone just like him! we do not need a friend or someone nice in the white house. we need someone to run this country!
I say we just live without a president for these 4years
Looks like Mr. Trump did not get a fair question from Mrs. Kelly. Of all the questions in this world that she could have asked she picked a very shallow, degrading, uneducated, hurtful, disrespectful, embarrassing question to read to a future President. It also was disrespectful to herself. No wonder she had a migraine before the debate. If I was told to read that question I would have been totally stressed too!!!
"War on Women", because adopting a helping of left-wing insanity was the only way Fox could pretend to be "fair and balanced".
Every women in America has called a man a pig at one point in their life and this bimbo brings this question to national debate?? She seems like an insecure feminist man-hating coward and seems to be secretly helping hand the election to the perverted liberals.
Is this real? What a joke.
This shit made me laugh so damn hard haha
There's a war on women? I just saw my mom and we were hella coo
I can't belive that all you dumbass support this man
Donald doesnt need to answer questions why he calls women fat pigs? and other horrible names!? I say bullshit! he does need to answer to the people! I dont think we need a man like this as president he scary!
All these do nothing yamps in America need get off there pussys n get a job and off welfare. Of course they don't want like what Trump s saying
Trump, we don't need to tell you - DO NOT listen to this bullcrap! Just BE A MAN!!!! Say what you want. That Megyan Kelly needs to f-ing relax - like most Americans. Child the hell out. Stop getting so offended by EVERYTHING!!!!!

He called some broad fat and ugly??? SO THE HELL WHAT???? Get over it!!
Trump the last hope for this country. ;{
The media keeps making these imaginary "wars". War on women, poverty, racism. They all assume we're fighting something when really the biggest problems is ourselves its not outside of us. We don't have to fight anything, we just have to learn to be more considerate.
These are stupid questions. Talk of Important shit.
In Jesus we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of sins, according to the riches of his grace; If we confess our sins, God is faithful and just to forgive us [our] sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness. Repent you therefore, and be converted, that your sins may be blotted out, when the times of refreshing shall come from the presence of the Lord; Unless you repent, you will all likewise perish. For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. And there is no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus, who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit.
fuck you D T
Fuck him right in the pussy
:-\
Trump is real all Obama and else is doing is kissing ass to everyone
I hope honestly that this person . Wins your elections . For usa goes to hell quickly. Just my opinion.
Fuck the media trump speaks the truth
grow some balls meygan Kelly your husband probably has said same on knees comment like any other man cheap shot who cares
He says this country needs a brain..... He doesn't have one
The questions that Trump was given were designed to provoke him because Fox was trying to have some huge blow up to provide entertainment. Why else would the only female moderator ask a question about some Twitter battle that took place years ago between two entertainers and just happen to be between Trump and a women.Trump has no scandals lurking out there because the way he is being attacked we would already know about them. Seriously, what did her questions have to do with what this country needs? If she or any other '' News '' person out there wants to be taken serious then they should be asking all of the candidates specifically about how their plan to create jobs, rebuild our military, secure the border, improve our healthcare system, the Iran deal, or Taxes. They did not ask Trump the same type of questions as the other candidates but instead ask him personal questions that have nothing to do with the election. Trump honestly answers questions and he is not in the pockets of lobbyists. He speaks from the heart and he has actually motivated the Republican party. This is what we need if we want to beat Hillary or we will end up with more of the same. It is time for the adults to clean up the mess Obama has us in. We need a strong President that can negotiate and speak the truth and not worry if their tone is making someone feel like, possibly, that they are being targeted when in fact it is only their overwhelming sense of insecurity and low self esteem that evokes a total lack of self confidence to the point where they unable to tell the difference. The Fox ''News'' anchors will be taken seriously when they start asking fair relevant questions so we can elect a strong leader and also when they stop trying to make a great candidate look bad so they can get their own name in the news headlines.
War on Women? Sexist remarks? Look at Bill Clinton. He came in a girls mouth when Hillary was asleep upstairs. Lmao
For a long time, I thought his campaign was a joke, but then I realized some people actually support this douchebag. Not exactly sure I'd be comfortable having a racist, misogynistic asshole in the Oval Office.
So fox news starts by giving the candidates they don't like hard question while giving Bush and Huckabee beauty pageant questions, and then continues by posting a video of Trump's  response to one of those questions titles "is Donald Trump part of the war on women?"
My hatred of fox news never ceases to grow
There is no war on women you idiots.
1: There's not a single person in tht audience who would be clap pin if he were to say that to their daughter, mother or wife.

2: He say 'We loose to China'. Yet he has factories over in china tht he's been doing business with for over a decade.

3: Republicans are like seals in a circus waiting for any circus performer to come along toss a fish.
This guy is a joke. Marco Rubio for president 2016!
Thought this guy was just a idiot. Now I don't
Let's be honest he's still way better than Hillary Clinton.
HE looks to be the one menstruating, with his frown on his face.
HE has been in business for so long, He too has been part of the process of losing to China, a loser posturing as a winner ! good luck USA !
"There was blood coming out of her eyes, blood coming out of her wherever." Donald Trump, 8/7/15, reflecting on Megyn Kelly's insinuation that he is sexist

Trump scores again!
It was mildly humorous how Trump defended himself and pointed out that he had/would never say insulting things about Megyn Kelly. Then a few hours later he takes to bashing her on twitter. I mean come on Trump you couldn't wait one day before making yourself a hypocrite.
Trump is fun to listen to but he's not great presidential material in my opinion.
I don't exactly know if I ever like Trump. However, he is telling the truth on immigration and how our politician had gone weak in the knees by being politicaly correct.
 this was more fun than the avengers
First off, if anyone thinks Fox News is conservative need to have their brain washed, rinsed, dried and then recycled. This is the first time I've heard the term "war on women", but it's plain as day who created it. Only the feminazis could come up with than one. It's a good example of the saying, "A best defense is a good offense". There has been a gender war alright and at some secret location is a huge landfill with millions of men's balls who have allowed themselves to be emasculated.

I'm not going to fall for political theatrics, so I remain very skeptical about Trump. I seriously doubt that he is any different from any other politician, I have to admit it would be interesting what kind of President he would be. He would be a hell of a lot better than Obama and Bush, but then a service monkey would be better than them.. Can any billionaire be trusted, not on your life. There could be an unintentional side effect to Trump's attack on political correctness. He could very well cause a release of so much American conservative restrained anger that a chain reaction causes conservatives to fight back. Once conservatives realize just how powerful they really are, it will be the swan song for the militant left-wing. It is entirely possible that we are seeing the very beginning of the Second American Revolution.

Thomas
I've always liked and respected fox news. After this, I will bash faux news as hard as any liberal.
I'm not a fan of trump but he did answer a very stupid question very well.
Go Trump!! We need a business man in charge!
Its clear that the powers that be in the Republican party and Fox News don't want Donald Trump around.
The real war is on Donald Trump by the GOP and Fox News.
FOX news has lost all my respect! The attacks on Trump were pathetic! Trump has MY vote!
Hahahahahaha, i like this guy! By him saying, "we need brains", YOU KNOW DAAAAMN WELL HE MEANT WOMEN DONT HAVE BRAINS. Hahahahahahahaah, awesome!
Trump is a cunt.
If this country full of idiots vote for him, I will gladly leave the U.S.
I'm speechless when it comes to this idiot.......
Is it me or he not answer the question? Lol
The Ark is closing, save your soul...sinners go to hell fire.
Jesus Christ is the only one who can save you...he is the way the truth and the life.
Trump was treated roughly by Megan Keller? If Trump can't handle a question from a woman who is barely 120 pounds, how the hell is he going to be the leader of the free world?
Very discouraging that the MC talked more than the candidates! I also thought that you would have given Rand Paul more time to speak (and not be interrupted) than 2-3 minutes. He is already ranked fairly high in the poles! As a democrat (until this year) I can see that Rand Paul will actually follow our constitution (unlike the current leadership)! I haven't heard any of the other speakers even once discuss the Constitution or Bill of Rights....Those are the type of leader that will help save this nation, not the crap that has been dragged in so far :(
video title should be "Is Fox News part of the 'war on women'? | Fox News Republican Debate" - this is a joke of course because Fox News is the primary force in the war on women.
He's funny but he can't lead a country let's be honest
Megan Kelly is a joke
douchebag
#UpLikeTrump
Hi everybody out there in Fox News land. Krauthammer and Hume I gotta tell yayourcandidates like John Kasich, Jeb Bush, and Rick Santorumare suchnice guy's. It would be such a joy to have them for neighbors. We would smile and wave to each other every morning, come over for potato salad, talk about or families, how's Conner doing? Ya know I never seen them get angry like that terrible womanizing man Trump and he suspicious of foreign rulers can you believe it! Like you I want a president that loves everybody! and trust everybody! and takes orders from wealthy donors.
And I thought it couldn't get any worse than George W. Bush.
Annoys the hell with me when Meghan responds, "no it wasn't" she was being belligerent here
D.Trump is business Man , he does'nt give a F***k about been politically correct. That who bosses talk my friends.
This is a Old American style we loved but hard to tell.
War on women? So us men are terrorist also now, awesome.
Gross - Fox News
fuck you all. Ima vote for this niga.
Still dont want this bastard as my leader! Sexist pig n i dont want Hitlery either! Ugh
So if a man insults a woman he is a sexist asshole who wants to make all women into sex slaves? What is this bullshit?
hes a bully just a big bully...
Trump is hilarious. He will be the next President.lol. I recently started a daily vlog about my seeing guide dog and myself. I would love some more subscribers.
I didn't know this fucktard actually had followers. I'm just waiting for my boy Chapo to kill him now
don't worry he wont become president el chapo will kill him in the most painfull way. (:
I hope that "moderator" loses her damned job. But, in all fairness, I'm sure her lovely bosses at FOX made her ask Trump those questions. It seems like everyone and their mother is trying to bait Trump into saying something that they can later reword and use to slander him. Get off his back already.
Since when has anyone declared a "war" on women? Except maybe a few women themselves that hate men and anything they say that are trying to stir one up. There is no war, most men myself included love women, and we also love living in a country that has free speech that many men died to protect. As for Trump, in case you all missed it, is the only one that can't be bought, democrat and republican alike. That is one reason for his honest jabs, he doesn't have to cater to the whims of the media. Isn't he exactly what everyone says they want in a candidate, a guy that doesn't give in to lobbyist or sell out to the highest bidder? Sure he's rough around the edges, but he knows how to control money and create jobs and win in business, something this country has needed for a long time now. The community organizer hasn't worked out so well, now it's time to get serious about our future.
''As long as they dont hit me with the love fern, Ill be alright.''
"War on Woman" 
WTF ?!?? I can understand trump being a sexist billionaire asshole.
But please ! No more stupid titles !
We have to many Wars 
" War on terror"
"War on drugs"
" War on crime"
If this idiot wins, I have no faith in this country. Anyone that votes for this fucking idiot is a seriously fucking stupid person.
Donald Trump is racist with my people fuck him im mexican to bitch
1 for Donald Trump and 0 the feminist movement
As a normal guy, I think Donald Trump is hilarious! xD As a president, he is WAYYY out of the damn question. He should have insulted that chick to the bone lolol!
This video alone earned him my vote.
Fox had some of the best questions in the history of the debates. Everyone stop whining about Megyn Kelly. She was professional and composed while asking these important questions. I give her praise for this debate.
I may not agree with most of his beliefs and world view but, being blunt and a SELF ADMITTED jerkass is kind of refreshing amoung politicans. still wouldn't vote for him but, I got to give him that
Donald just tells the truth like it or not
He put that bitch in her place go trump!!!!!!
ISIS is part of the war on women!
Pool trick shot of the century 

https://instagram.com/p/6DO1ojilQi/
He avoided answering the question. He is not used to having his people asking him for straight answers to hard questions. He needs some time rehearsing with people who are not kiss azzes.
I love how his answer completely ignored the question.
As much as I hate today's version of political correctness I don't like that people are chearing and clapping to what's coming out of Trump's mouth or why he's even considered a candidate.
You're playing with fire,  people.
I seriously hope he gets in as president. He's hilarious, witty, smart and would be a great leader.
this woman is drop dead gorgeous, how many drop dead gorgeous women do you know, that has half an ounce of brain in them? That goes for good looking guys too. I worked with models over 30 years ago, and they were ALL beautiful, but man were they stupid. Why do the media waste so much time on BS like this. Donald Trump loves women. He's married 2 or 3 of them. Has a beautiful daughter, etc.
As for Rosie O'Donnell, all she has is a big mouth.

I like Donald Trump, I can understand him. No double talk with him. I know where he stands. There is no confusion, NONE.
Donald Trump is right about both the political correctness and aboutRosie O'Donnell, however I still won't be voting for him.
Don't tell me Trump shouldn't be president when two morons have held office for nearly 16 years.Trump could not even try and do better than his predecessors.
Chump ass lame!
I love this guy. I'm tired of political correctness and politicians beating around the bush. Trump and Carson are great!
damnnn. we need this guy at white house. trump is the only person who can save our economy. no disrespect but we need someone with big balls at the white house.
Wow, Fox News, leave Donald ALONE!!!!
hahahahah trump is awesome  #trump2016 n im mexican!
Women love it, it's going to be a vote winner.
The only women who will vote for trump is someone with NO SELF RESPECT of herself.
megyn did this intentionally to give The Donald a chance to refute the inevitable dumbasscrat accusation that he is waging a "war on women"

that's hiLIEry's entire campaign strategy right down the drain
Donald trump should be a comedian. His the biggest clown
NO. ....and Megyn Kelly, you ARE a simpleton. The stunt you pulled on Thursday was absolutely dishonest. Your personal agenda cheated viewers out of hearing positive solutions from all candidates.
Til Thursday evening, I WAS a consistent follower of your show, "The Kelly File." You lost a viewer. You cannot be trusted to provide accurate information when you pull stunts like this. Maybe you need to STOP listening to the likes of Karl Rove and START listening to the people. Change the name of your show to "The Folly File."
Don't even like Trump's politics (or anyone else's on that stage for that matter) but this question was just an embarrassment to the whole debate. If you can call these events debates, frankly, because the format is fucking terrible. But it came off as a desperate and really quite pathetic swipe over a pretty irrelevant issue, but it was asked with the tone and demeanor of hard hitting journalism. Like she was grilling Nixon or something. And if I recall correctly they basically followed this up by asking the other candidates if they were sexist or not, as if that somehow de-Trumps the loaded Trump lines of questioning that would dominate the evening. "I mean, we were being fair here, we asked the other candidates too!" Plus it's like, if this guy is such a gaffe machine, and it's so hard for you to take him seriously (and I don't disagree), then give him the rope and let him hang himself. That's more to the point of what I mean when I say this came off very desperate, very pathetic. It's like, "Me too! I can stump the Trump too! Watch out, cause boy have I got a real doozy of a question for you!"
Right now I Wanna thank Fucks (foxs) new "unfair and unbalance" and the Republican Clown Donald Trump for giving us our new President. The new President of the United States is President Hillary Clinton. 
Trump's a first class sausage jockey, and vote winner.
Whether you like Trump or not , let's face it - he's not presidential material . The man can "dish it out" , but he can't take it , and as president , he'd have to take a LOT of "it". You can talk all you want about his business savvy , but POLITICAL savvy is an entirely different animal - a little tact is needed . You can't just blurt out EVERYTHING you're thinking , ALL THE TIME . And , his all-too-obvious lack of respect for the gender who make up roughly half the country he hopes to lead is hardly a good thing . Trump might "talk the talk" , but in my opinion , he's ALL talk. Money is no substitute for the political skill that will be needed to restore this country to its former greatness.
I have never called people I despise in any way they would find it insulting...
Hi
Why the fuck is the name of the video "part of the 'war on women'?" From FOX News? Really, guys?
The dumbass people like trump He's Sexist And He Hates Animals So Vetrans Are Not Voting For Him He's Mean And Rude Lets Go Hilary For First Women President In U.S. history !
Republicans should stick to Rand Paul, that way more moderates won't vote Hilary.
I know fox news isnt really news but why would they upload a video where to me it seems trump has a valid argument. Just asking
Yeah, that wasn't about political correctness, it was about respect, which you obviously lack.
Megyn Kelly is just awful. War on women? Oh for fucks sake, just stop.
Presidential debates:
So let me start by saying I don't think that Trump would make a good president and would not vote for him but each person is free to do what they feel. Key word is "free". HOWEVER, that said. 

How obvious was it that the candidates felt that trump doesn't belong? How COMPLETELY obvious was it that the moderators completely set up the first 2 questions as a a character assignation attempt to get trump out of the mix? How obvious was it that they ALL felt that the only people that belonged there were a political class of trained statesmen?

Tell me again that our political process isn't an old boys club run by that very crowd INCLUDING liberal liar media to drumb out people they don't think belong BEFORE they treat the rest of the candidates with equal consideration. All focus was on getting trump beat down because he didn't "fit the mold"... We are FREE...and these sleazy politicians want our political process CLOSED to everyone they don't feel measures up! 

Remember the last time that happened? They had a red flag with a swastika on it... Equal opportunity and equal participation my ass... What a freaking circus joke!

William Lee
Sent from my iPad
Hillary Clinton is rubbing her hands with this dumbass and with the internal division of the Republican Party, no doubt about that.
There is no war on women. The U.S. is dominated by women, households are no longer led by men, not even in "Christian" homes(they love to shamelessly jest about being ruled by their wives). Women can even sacrifice unborn children and get away with it. If anything, there's a war on men, real men, while the impression of men in the television "programming" is often of idiots, criminals, submissive to the wives, wimps, sissies, etc.
One, there is no war, if anything there are ignorant people just like there always will be. Two, I am not a fan of Trumps, but why would he be a part of something like this implication? I would assume that he knows that people, not gender, are an asset. Use the best assets out there to be successful, and I am pretty sure he is successful. Honestly, Ms. Kelly withheld context from the words she quoted him saying. THAT alone should disqualify someone from being a moderator. There is no reason to twist the context of what someone says unless you're either, baiting, or simply trying to get a news story. There was nothing neutral or un-biased in what she was moderating.
Bernie Sanders blamed the candidates for choosing stupid debate topics but I think we all know who came up with these questions...
As European I am quite enteratained by this.
Am I the only one that hates Trump? I mean, for real, if that asshole becomes president, Im gonna move to Canada and eat pancakes and hunt moose like Canadians do.
Lol majority of the people's in the comments sections that still talked trash about Trump and calling him a Clown are mostly Mexican's and small minded ignorant people's who still can't get over the facts that Trumps made about "illegal immigrants". We don't need a cowardly President who doesn't speaks what's right and what's truths bc of the fear of public humiliation and losing the votes. Oh and did Trump's referred to all Mexicans? NO.
Get this asshole off our planet so he can stop shitting on us...
Go Trump go go go!!!!!
"Is Donald Trump part of the 'war on women'?"..............."No" You yield to that premise.
I'd like to see d trump on his knees n pray for some mercy on his soul 
He's probably  hoping to be on his knees  with another  "MONICA" under his desk. What a pig, n don't bother voting for him my Mexican friends, he'll have yal back @ the border faster than he got your vote. Hillary has my vote we need a lady to show all these past presidents how a lady can clean the WHITE HOUSE n the country.
I've been telling people for years that Fox News is a Rino channel & shouldn't be where conservatives get their news. Hopefully they continue to show their true colors & conservatives wake up to Fox News. Fox wants Bush, Kasich, or Christie to be prez. All 3 are big gov't Rinos.
Trump destroyed her.
I don't like this guy but DAMN he has speaches written for every situation possible.
I'm independent so I'm not a republican or democratic fanboy, but all the people that attack Trump seem to be democratic fan boys. The Other candidates seem like horrible options IMO. 

Vote Trump!
Mer'ca
Please O God in heaven, Do not let trump come close to winning. He will destroy the U.S with his first year of his presidency.
Donald trump is in war with everything
"This country is in big trouble. We don't win any more."- Because elaborating on America's real problems is too much for Trump to handle.
As great as Trump's response was to such a question, I still don't believe he is fit to be our President.
Basically, the leadership of the RNC have a servant called Fox News and they use the debate to try and damage Trump, like asking 'which candidate if they don't win the nomination will run as an independent'. That basically means there are a lot of scared Republican leaders who don't like that possibility. If money = free speech, trump did not buy politicians. He simply utilized his freedom of speech, and for me, all those other candidates are bought and paid for by other billionaires. The difference is Trump, unlike those other rich, puts his money where his mouth is and he runs. Why not just let all those other oligarchs run themselves. From the 'left' and the 'right'. Then you don't need a middle man like Ted Cruz. You can just vote for the Koch brothers directly or Shelden Adelson. The fact is, they don't want to run. Trump is stepping out of the model where the rich hire politicians to be 'their voice' and strengthened by Citizens United they can 'fully express that voice'.

I say more power to Trump.
How do the questions towards Trump relate how to run the country for WE THE PEOPLE? These questions were all taken out of context, and FOX worked way to hard on this to set the mood for the remainder of the debate. FOX you are a joke!
Why is the audience even applauding him when he made it into a joke about Rosie? Speaking like that about women or anyone is just wrong in all ways.  It doesn't make this world a better place at all.
Fox News does nothing but destroy the world
Is Fox News part of the 'war on woman'. Yes
Shame on FOX news. I'm sorry, we already knew that this network was the biggest joke wen it comes to journalistic "integrity", but this whole debate and this god awful "moderator" made it perfectly clear that the network's intentions are to dismantle Trump's campaign. Go die FOX!
Go Donald!
Look at her face real close she fake as hell...i would slap the shit out of her for being fake
Go Donald! You've got my vote.
Man if he hadn't thrown in that petty remark about not being kind to Megyn that would have been a really smooth speech.
That person with brain and quickness is not gonna be him
War on women?? You bitches have everything already!
I think its safe to say that if this continues, Hilary Clinton will be the next president of the united states.
My god, some Americans actually believe in this guy? The nation is in more trouble than I thought.
There's no such thing as "war on women" you delusional fuckwits. It's biologically impossible for our species to wage even a metaphorical war against them.
we need brain... best line evah!
I can't take Trump seriously with that comb over!!!
Just what we need!  Great! A real person with a proven success rate
Oh please war on women??? Really "gtfoh" is that all women are victims you will never gain respect by playing the victim role now man up, Trump for president 2016!!!
What war on women? You mean the total disrespect for the difference between men and women? Fox is willing to sell their integrity and burn down their own house to try to kill Trump... while he only gets stronger:) I have lost all respect for Kelly. She has revealed herself to be just another propaganda whore.
that man has fucking balls! President though, I don't think so. Secretary of treasury with severe oversight ? I could see that! I love the mans spirit though.
The Rosie O'Donnell thing has gotten old.
War on woman doesn't exist.
Same as Hands up don't shoot...never happened
This guy's a joke.
She was out of line and he handled it like a champ....so tired of political correctness only applying to white males!
"We need brain" Something that Trump doesn't have..
Hahahahahaha!
He's very sharp and quick with his points. I'm suprised.
#BASED
If you believe there is a war on women in the United States or in the West you are an idiot. You would have to be a fool to be so blind to reality and a mindless zombie to be so malleable to feminist rhetoric in the mainstream media. What we really have is feminist projection. Feminism in the mainstream media, government, legal system and college campuses is at war with men. When you have televised public debates decreeing that men are obsolete like they are machinery and not human beings, then saying there is a war on men is not hyperbolic. These debates have actually happened at Intelligence Squared and the Munk Debates over the last three years. Hanna Rosin and Maureen Dowd have been openly leading this argument on TV, in newsprint, in books and in public debates over the last three or more years. Of course if we did this to women suddenly it is unacceptable, but since it is men it is suddenly something to encourage and even promote.

Men make up the majority of the homeless, suicides, workplace deaths and poor, neglected and injured war veterans. These men are completely ignored in this so-called patriarchy, where feminists would have us believe the top 0.1% of men represents all men. Men make up the minority of university students and are behind women at every level of education from kindergarten to masters level. Yet despite this most of the gender specific education programs, funding and affirmative action policies are for women and girls in education. Men have a substantially lower life expectancy, suffer a greater disease burden for a number of illnesses and yet do not receive anywhere near a proportionate level of health funding. Men have no reproductive rights and are discriminated against in corrupt family courts and lopsided divorce settlements. Some men are even imprisoned through divorce and family court and effectively made into alimony and financial slaves by their ex-wives. This is despite these men either being unemployed or being ordered to pay money that exceeds their income to their ex-wives while they sit at home and dont work. Then there are the men supporting children that are not even theirs because of paternity fraud. I could keep going on further.

This is not a mans world, there is no war on women. We live in a society where the state is used by feminism and the women that explicitly or implicitly support it, to rob men of their wealth, their rights and fair treatment before the law and government support. Whenever anyone actually attempts to address the issues facing men that I have mentioned, they are blocked by feminist lobby groups and officials in the government and in the legal system. Or they are shamed, silenced or ignored by the feminist mainstream media. Or they are bullied, threatened and vilified by feminist gender ideologues who assassinate their careers and reputations. There is no fictitious war on women. There is indeed a war on men though and rest assured if this continues to be ignored then the epidemic of fatherlessness and the boy crisis in education will finish the United States and the rest of West. There will be nowhere for feminists to hide from the public scrutiny when all of the chickens come home to roost. The sheeple will get exactly what they deserve for ignoring men and boys. I will have no sympathy for their future plight if they continue to do nothing and let feminism continue with business as usual while they destroy and pillage the United States and the rest of Western civilisation.
Hey Megyn Kelly - you are an IDIOT. What an ambush. How about asking questions that WE are concerned about like the economy, the border, etc.? Whenever YOU are on Fox, I'll turn you off. Stupid question.
This guy needs a shot to the head.
Megan Kelly is a cocksucking whore, that's called journalism?
You know what, honestly let this dumbass be president, wouldn't be the first moron to run the country even more into the ground. First thing he's gonna do I bet is some dumb shit, I love the USA and I'm proud to be an American but I would leave in a heartbeat if bitch-boy gets elected
Totally went around the whole question about women!
Trump you are the shame of our country
Who the fuck would vote for this idiot haha I feel like this whole election is a joke
Political correctness is a cancer that needs to be cut out of the american spirit.
If you want to make good for your country, you should also resspect everyone who lives in it. Every fucking one.
This was uncalled for! Don't ever insult pigs by comparing them to rosie I donnell!
Megan Kelly is a fucking idiot piece of shit just looking for publicly and her questions towards Mr. Trump were only an attempt try discredit him but she failed and as Mr. Trump would say, in a BIG way!
It's funny that you guys think any of these people will actually make a difference once they become president
America is a corporation we need a
business man to run a business
TRUMP all the way.
Feminism was a mistake
Everything is already set-up. Hillary will be next president. This guy will never win. Just for show.
If Trump becomes president this country is more fucked than when Obama and Bush ran it and before everyone starts saying he runs a successful business, you should research the amount of times he's filed for bankruptcy and the amount of debts he currently owes.
Donald Trump is single-handedly trolling everybody right now and it is glorious.
Why can't we all just try and work together. Why does it have to be China this, Mexico that, Japan this. We have more pressing issues on a global scale than figuring out who to place the blame on. Let's just put all prejudices aside and come up with the best course for the human race. (Said no one in a position of power ever). Let's get our act together peoples.
The generation that's voting for this guy is dying out and when they all die maybe we'll be able to make some progress. 
Why do you think tons of 16-30 year olds commit suicide? Because there is literally no hope. 
The older generation votes people like this idiot into office because he holds their sexist and racist beliefs that they want to keep in the world and frankly, when they die out this whole country will change. 

(I didn't comment to argue just stating my opinion thank you very much)
Trumps an a-hole but at least he's honest and clear about what he wants. There are no more Roosevelt's or Truman's, just turds of varying shininess.
Trump for president greetings from finland.
Well, the Donald told us what to do. Get down on our knees and suck up..,probably what all his wife's had to do tpo get their diamonds
I'm not ok with anyone calling women horribly insulting remarks and passing it off and "combating politically correctness" There is a difference between being anti-politically correct and just being a fucking douchebag
Who in the hell would vote for this guy
What the hell is wrong with fox news... could it be both sides are controlled by the same people?  Its starting to look that way....
Jesus,what a dumbass question. Thanks fox and facebook for a complete sham!
hahaha osama... our president needs to step aside....
Trump2016!!
Wow, if this guy is the Republican nominee, and even worse, wins the presidency, this country is going to hell in a handbasket.
Trump has become another Clivan Bundy for Fox News. It's going to be interesting to see how Fox News will dump Trump without pissing him off.
lol, "onlyrosie o'donnell"

that gold, pure gold.

trump reminds me of andrew jackson. a shit talking president who did great things for the country with enormous support from the people all while not giving two craps about what people who opposed him did or said.
This is distracting people from the real issues.
The Americans who vote for him must be thick as hell
Thumbs down for the question but thumbs up for the response.
Excellent response
Why the fuck would any one clap for those comments.
donald trump, He is whatever the country needs him to be. republican, democrat, independant. a hero, not the one we deserve, but the one we need. Nothing less, a trump, towering....
Would it make any difference if he said those things to a man?
Trump was absolutely brilliant! Kelly will be remembered for being the one who destroyed Fox news.
america is such a stupid country
Spot the non-white people in the crowd
HETOR  MAGALLO
Well I'm not voting for him
Absolutely love it.. I love how much republicans have a heart-on(ha!) for this man and hate most Woman and their stupid rights... keep it up guys and THANK YOU!!
I love the Donald!!
Fuck Fox
0:15
I love the look on Trump's face because he knows how wrong that woman's statement is. Epic comeback. xD
donald trump is the real bruce wayne, Arrogant andobnoxious in public, but secretly helping those in need by derailing the GOP
Trump ,Trump, Trump. I love him. he is like Honey badger. he has the same hairdo and doesn't give a shit.
Soy drum el baterista
Thank You Donald
so when can say whatever they want about men and get called "empowering" and "strong" but when men say something back they are called "sexist" and "misogynistic" Good to know
I feel a guilty pleasure hearing his comments. He really don't give a shit and no fucking political correctness is a part of his vocabulary. In a time when "PC" and "SJW" and feminist agenda rule the day it is refreshing. I mean come on, just look at the idiotic title to the video "The war on women". More like the "War on straight white men"...

Perhaps this is what Washington needs, instead of a puppet that just speaks whatever is on the agenda for the day.
If the position of POTUS was a reality show, he would be banging Kim Kardasian.
Something is wrong here. He has got to be too smart for this? Or is he??
Well this is a republican issue. Let them clean their own homes.
I'm voting for you in 2016, I hope all America is with YOU. TRUMP in 2016.
Omg donald trump is basically saying "NAH BITCH LOVE ME SOME DICTATORSHIP" lol jk
                    
How much more surgery is she going to get? Jesus Christ...Stop it Megyn, nobody cares. NOBODY
Megyn Kelly has made me stop watching her show on Fox due to the fact that she has become obnoxious as HELL and so arrogant!! Thought her question to Trump last night was provocative and sooooo unprofessional and not at all what this Country is concerned with!! She is too damn skinny and ugly as shit!! FOX NEWS, PLEASE SEND HER HOME BEFORE WE ALL DEHYDRATE FROM VOMITING WHILE WATCHING HER!! I QUIT WATCHING HER BECAUSE I WAS TIRED OF BEING SICK!!!!
Wow, look at all those stupid idiot Americans applauding to this clown. If this guy gets elected to be president prepare yourself to live in a idiocracy country, yes just like the movie with Luke Wilson, I just hope Luke wilson will save mankind when it happens.
This guy is a jokee! I would like to see america burn down because of him just so people know what a piece of trash this guy is! Promoting racism and hatred against women is something you expect from one century ago, what we need is jobs for all those people that are living in america unemployed, now that will ensure a great increase in the economy! Republicans are the disease of these country!
She's just being honest.
"maaaaaaaaaaaaaan your worse the Fred Durst"- Dunkey
I don't support Donald Trump at all but he has said really rude comments about men too, why just focus on women? This isn't an anti-feminist comment by the way, I am in fact a feminist.
Magen you need some burn cream because you just got roasted
Donald didnt even wine and dine that snake....

Trump 2016 !!!!
yikes! what a ghoul...
Mr. Trump won the debate! Congratulations Mr. Trump!
Everybody is hating on trump because he speaks his mind. Some say he hates mexians and that hes a racist yet he has mexican employees.  Lately people have been talking crap on trump then they make a big deal about when he talks back and stands up for himself.  Hes got my vote... Go Trump
tump is that savior we have all been waiting for. we all want money. maybe he can help us make more so we can pay more taxes. maybe the more money we make will go towards more black projects and great wars that we will never win or see the end of. maybe he can help us print more money out of thin air. and maybe he can get us more money from china. lol. that is so funny china gives us all there money thinking we are going to pay them back. come and get it china. lol
Moving out of the country
Megyn Kelly is a CUNT for pushing the fake "war on women."
Never even answered any of the questions. He dodged them all. #pathetic also admitted to having a potty mouth. He'd be a horrible leader.
Go Donald go!
I Love Donald trump..I love that hes a rich iggnorant rude asshat constantly. I love that he is racist, Sexist and childish. I love that he might be the GOPs candidate I love that people can now openly support him and his ideals and it lets the rest of us in the free world know exactly who NOT  to associate with. Do us all a favor and where I support trump shirts and pins this election so the republicans know who to blame when they lose and so the progressives democrats and independent parties can show the conservatives exactly what kind of naive angry greedy fools make up a large portion of the Right wing...Trumps whole approach has basically been "Im an Asshole, Im full of shit and Im rich...but at least I acknowledge it. those other candidates will never be willing to admit how horrible THEY are. so vote for me....out of all the bowls of shit...I smell the best." Trump clearly appeals to the lowest common denominator in our country. And I love that hes allowing a glimpse of exactly what kind of ppl they are and how many are actually out there.
Lol
Democrats and republicans are both bad. Bush and Obama are no better than the other. 

They're all in it for themselves anyway.
It's never been about us, they just all say what they think we want to hear to get in office, then BAM! 

Nothing changes.
Fuck you i hope El Chapo comes for ur ass you ugly fuck!
It certainly would have been refreshing if Fox News had asked pertinent questions of all the candidates concerning the current state of America during the debate. I think Megyn Kelly is above this type of garbage journalism; debate moderator, etc. But her career (money) and handlers require her to behave and act a certain way. Sad stuff.
Alpha as FUCK.
Fox News Sucks. The very fact that this video is on Fox New's channel is proof that they want a POS like Jeb Bush and not a strong leader like Trump. FUCK FOX NEWS. John Stewart is 100% right on this garbage TV station.
Hopefully this nonsense will help people recognize Fox for what it is . . . So he called Rosie O'Donnell a lard-ass ten years ago. I'd call her a lard-ass TODAY.

Joking aside, these are the questions that needed to be posed in a Presidential "debate"?
Fuck you!!!
Youtube would put this on the front page to get more dislikes. Fuck liberal YouTube!
What war on Women??? Maybe in the middle eastor China. FOX News is so fucking lame, cover the real news and quit setting a fake narrative! Your time of deceit and manipulationis running out FOX PRESTITUTE BULLSHIT NEWS.
What a complete sexist, ignorant, and misogynistic moron! If Trump is elected President, I'm moving to Canada!
Rosie o'donnell told all her FAT and UGLY fans to dislike this video.
If I were Trump here, I would have been like "make an insult about my hair. Because you are a woman saying that, does that mean that you are part of a war against men?"

When are people gonna understand that the more we try to address gender and race differences the more sexist and racist we get? There are shitty human beings everywhere, no matter what genitalia or race they are.

This shit is why I don't vote anymore. Its become an Exercise in futility. Its not like a President can make any real decisions with our nation anyways without filibustering them for months on end just to introduce a new bill.
Donald trump is going to be are next president
Why do you people find this trashy and vile man to be amusing?
Donald Trump told some woman she would look good on her knees. Bill Clinton took it a step further.
She was like damn I just got served
TRUMP 4 PRES!!
Donald trump reminds minds me of doctor evil
Why did so many feminist dislike this video?
I finally realize who Trump reminds me of. Biff from back to the future both are loud, rude, arrogant, casino owning assholes who let there money talk for them and both have less chromosomes then a retard fish. Also racist.
TRUMP all the way!
Politics have become a comical reality show.
You guys are doing great America!
Of course FOX will slam Trump for this, especially since he is such a piece of entertainment in this presidential race. He said he would not support the republican candidate and would run against if he wasn't it. lel. GOP has turned into a circus act.
WAIT WHAT?!?! THERE'S A WAR ON WOMEN!?!?! Where is this war?
You're a complete moron if you support his ignorance
Ew Donald
Trump is exactly the stand up guy this country needs he says it like it is. And for everyone watching previously M Kelly had said that the War on women was a democrat move. The only reason they brought it up was because Hillery is a woman and when Trump goes against her they can bring this up. Both M Kelly and Fox News have begun  to liberalize and they're afraid of a strong conservative candidate so they begin throwing dirty shots well too bad because it isn't going too work.
There's just really nobody I want as president anymore. It's a sad thing that nobody trusts any media without scrutinizing over the affiliations and propaganda. I don't know what's gonna happen with this country, but if all the politicians keep bad-mouthing each other and calling each other liars and worse, with every news show rattling off stories to gain viewership that disregard context or truth, things will get much worse.
I'm too young to vote in this election, but I will say this: you voters decide what will be left for my generation to deal with. Donald trump will create a bigger mess of the future with his insensitive approach and lack of understanding and compassion. This man is no leader, he's a bully and I do not want him as the face of the U.S. nor the leader of the free world.
I find it hilarious how many people actually believe that the main problem with the United States are some poor immigrants. These people are full of contradictions and hypocricy. Isn't it ironic how they are all Christians, don't they realise Jesus Christ was a socialist? Hahah
I'm going to vote for him.

The last thing we need is another pussy running the country.
What a complete fail... Trump AND the crowd owned that bitch, & I would love Trump to wipe the hell out of Fox since he hates the media so much. Fox is absolutely ridiculous and I'm really glad that's being brought to light these days.
Donald trump is honestly a genius
Roger Ailes was a Richard Nixon and George H. W. Bush  operative Fox News take it's marching orders from the RNC. They think like, Trump your place is as a donor not a politician
Of course there bias and only ask personal questions.  They don't do that to bush or Clinton by the way are behind a reasonable doubt have been proven to be satinitst.  Do your research folks !!!! TRUMP 2016!!!!!!
Dumdass
Donald Trump is an obnoxious blowhard.  If, God forbid, he wins the Republican nomination, then Hilary Clinton is pretty much guaranteed the Presidency.
Unfortunately, as a conservative, I also find myself agreeing with a lot of what Donald Trump is saying. I just wish it was someone else saying it. :/
C'mon FOX. Enough already. Stop being part of the problem.
There is no 'war on women' ... it's just Feminist propaganda. The Feminist war on men is real though.
Such a stupid fucking question by the moderator but he awnsered fucking
I hope to God Hillary Clinton doesn't get the democratic candidacy. I hope even more that Bernie Sanders wins the presidency.
how can she open her eyes with those fake eye lashes? they look like they weigh a pound each.
"Oh I'm a female you have to treat me different" what happened to equality. Didn't know MK was a feminatzy. Trump has a target on his back, this was a hit put on him by the RNC
I'd vote for Trump.
I wouldn't want him as president but he's really entertaining to watch
Trump is like, Got to put on the kiddy gloves for this cunt. lmao
I'm actually surprised how many people take him seriously, he is a joke and he knows he is.
trump is a savage. i think americans are tired of being alive and they all just want to die anyways thats why they will vote trump for president. put us out of our misery already government. trump for president yay.
Go Trump! I'm sick of these political lying sack of shits pretending to be all high and mighty when in reality they don't give a rats ass about anyone but themselves. Trump is giving us his opinions straight up and i respect him for that. The media is trying to paint Trump as an idiot because they can't handle the fucking TRUTH!!
I'd love to see Trump posting up his IQ test score sheets
Trump's hair looks ridiculous. It screams vanity. So does his tanned face. He should just age gracefully and maybe he would have a little more credibility. I could never vote for someone who is so concerned about wanting to make themselves look younger than they are. He's more concerned about looking like the young rich handsome guy he used to be than about our country. He's living in the past when he could get all the pussy he wanted. All he wants to do now is put himself back in the limelight by spouting off a bunch of shit he knows the far right conservatives will eat up.
Felt so bad for Megyn ...She really was out of her league;( Im sure she will be a better fit for the Democratic debate.
guess we all have to die some time. i feel bad for those that have children becuase you are going to see them burn when trump becomes president.
Its funny watching these rightwing idiots cheer for Trump. Trump cares for Trump he dont give a crap about nobody but himself. I am 100% positive he will call everyone these idiots cheering for him losers the minute they cross him.
Trump is a savage
Fox and Trump. Classic comedy.
It's astounding to me how many people here are on Trump's side, but I can guarantee most if not all are white. They're the same people that hate Obama because he's black.
Face it, Trump is a retard. If he becomes president, USA is gonna be known as one of the most fucked up countries because of people's assholism
If he gets the conservative nomination, Bernie will automatically win. Because Bernie sanders actually has a plan.
america will become the next nazis. we already are. We have done more to destroy this world then hitler ever did. Trump will be president weather you like it or not. weather you vote for him or not. The voting system is rigged. NWO. Trump will just be the mad man to fully bring in a new era of complete human domination on all levels in the world.
This orangutan would be the worse President since Nixon. Probably much worse.
Donald piece of shit trump is nothing but a racist white piece of  and cant do nothing except open his stupid ass white mouth
Megyn Kelly- Is on her knees daily to keep her job.
aayyy lmao, this guy is so hard to hate because he isn't a lil bitch like every politician is
Who's idea was it to ask this stupid question? Megan? Just look at the satisfaction on her face when he did nothing to her. Pathetic.
Why are all of these people hating on trump? I would talk like this too since every american now days just takes the same fucking Bullshit politicians say. Trump is different and just because he isn't as polite and politically correct doesn't mean he's a bad option. Hitlery cliton will shove misandryist donkey diarrhea down our throats and screw every middle class citizen over! She uses the made up wage gap as an argument to be president. Wtf.
this question is more irrelevant then fox news oh wait probably not
Too funny.
NWO agenda. trump is part of it. The military complex will grow bigger then it ever has. America will be strong again with trump. We will become the next Nazis. And we can do nothing about it. civil war here we come. What side are you on? voting i=system is rigged!
My question is, " who wants a pussy like Obama to run this country or do you want a true man who has nothing else to fight for other than his country and who would be far greater fear and respected than any other nominee or president who ever was." An to address the wall people have been bitching about. Its not like its a joke, china did it hundreds of years ago and it worked. and don't even bring up the berlin wall because that split a country in half. he is so right on his stance towards political correctness in this country. im probly gonna get smashed for being racist because I called Obama a pussy. He is also right about people not having incentives to work anymore. I mean I am better of living on welfare and gaurentted $45000 a year rather than busting my ass and getting paid barley that. People just think he a joke because of tv show that portrays him as being ruthless but being ruthless in the corporate world and in the political world is needed. the big deal that everybody complains about this country from all aspects of parties is that no candidate ever stands by their word. Donald trump has no other benefits other that making this country great again. And just because he has called women names doesn't mean he hates women he just speaks his mind. its kinda sexism if u say a guy cant called a woman names but she can say whatever the hell she wants because guys shuld respect women over anybody else. SORRY GUYS IM DONE.
"War on women" how ridiculous.  What about Faux News "War on freedom"
He sounds surprisingly not stupid in this
I don't agree with calling out rosie odonnel. that was trying to get the crowd over on humility. this is not what the country needs and certainly not how any political leader should get votes either. but trump does a good job talking about what america needs and id like to see the economy rise and we all be happy with money :). sorry the rest of the world who is poor and cant live but come to america. and we can build you and all of us up into a better peaceful society.
Donald Trump i got something to tell u kiss my ass
Donald trump > Obama x626161161616611
Let's be honest, I don't give a shit about this war on women stuff at the moment. If this guy is President, we're fucked. Even in the back of your head you know that it would never work out.
we americans are all taking it in the ass. we are weak as a people. this is one big show and is rigged. Trump is just another peace to the puzzle. NWO. When he becomes president it will be marshal law through out the world. you think this guy is fucking around? He will live forever with secret technologies. The elite will leave us all in the dust.
SNL cant due it any better
The Fox team started hitting on Trump with their very first question. The problem with the Fox team is they can't take being hit back. They got mad and it showed.

Everyone and every businessman, unless they are really stupid, takes every tax break they can get and every loophole they can find. It is smartto do so.

Donald Trump would do the same with the government money. He would quit letting foreign countries run up our debt and our unemployment.

The Fox news team got what they asked for, they just did not have the backbone to take it.

None of the Fox teamwere fair and unbiased. They should all be fired. When they do what they did last night, as they did in previous elections, it hurts Republicans more than anything else in the news.

All of the candidates should go after the Fox news people that did this.
This mutha fucka funny as hell
DONALD TRUMP. Is he seriously A PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE STILL??!!!?!!!
Fuck you Fox News and your hypocrisy.
Okay, so Donald Trump doesn't have time to treat people with equal respect and dignity? Did he, somewhere along the way, forget that women makeup half this country? I don't want my rights to be minimized anymore. #feelthebern
This country is becoming a joke. We're already a laughing stock to other countries around the world. This kind of spectral is making us look like idiots, clueless and weak. If the country was invaded hardly anyone would notice until their smartphones stopped getting a signal from the cellphone towers.
Please make him the president of the usa
Kelly's "question" seemed more like a personal vendetta against Trump than political agenda. Trump's response was surprising but very much agreeable.
Donald slapped that slut Kelly on her stupid ass question, FUCK POLITICAL CORRECTNESS I want a president that say listen motherfucker shut up and this is what we're gonna do, idc if it offends women or pussies tough shit, TRUMP 2016
Trump is so far ahead because ALL of America is tired of you whiny sniveling fucktards.
"Oh, but I'm offended, you cant' do that WHAAA!!"
"You're just a racist bigot because you don't think like I do."
Get over yourselves, America is sick of your shit, GROW UP OR GET THE FUCK OUT.
Go fuck yourself @Fox News. You guys are shit.
Donald Trump running for president is like a 900 LBS man running a marathon..... Not fun to watch, and really sweaty.
I like this dude. Very open minded.
GOP   GREAT   1929   DEPRESSION   !!!    GOP    GREAT  20008  RECESSION  !!!      SENATOR    BERNIE   SANDERS   FOR   PRESIDENT
this guy is looking better and better every time he speaks xD
Dear Megyn, I was just hoping as a fellow American, could you answer this question? I just want to know why on earth you have to " Feel like you need to make a debate on women"? I think it is funny seeing you're reaction on about 32 seconds where you seem really mad, Its laughable really, cause you totally failed making Mr. Trump look bad. I find the fact that you say on you're blog and talk a good game on the" establishment", but you showed all of America you're true colors. Not Red,White,and Blue but Yellow!!!! I think you and Chris are cowards trying to represent the Republican Nom, but you guy's make stuff up and really represent all the stuff Americas tired of. Thank You for giving Hope to Donald, and Thank you for showing us even if he doesn't win That it will be because" Megyn Clinton" shows us how dumb and tragic the bull is in America!!!!! Thank you Sincerely, A lost viewer of "FOX BULL ZONE." P.S. That's one number down cause of you Megyn Clinton.!!!!!!!!!!! Not Trump.
Friend mentioned there is a petition against Kelly's biased comments. Cannot find it, anyone knows where to find it?
Lmao. ...  you want a real mofo then here you go.    Fuck these fake ass people.
Trump is one racist motherfucker
the republican party is a joke !!! the republican candidates are more like comedians than politicians XD HAHAHAHAHAHAA
nwo, black projects, voting system compromised, racial gender sex religion division, false flags, controlled media, false poles, war by proxy, secrete societies (skulls and bones) hidden agendas, ran by elites, no control, 19 trillion in dept., no way out. what are american people really hoping for? We gave up hope when we trusted and were lied to. Obama. HOPE!!! what a joke. might as well get it over with. trump will be president and this will be the end of our way of life as we know it.
Our country is so far into debt why not let someone who knows how to make money run it? Who gives a fuck if he makes fun of a few people we all do time to time
IS DONALD TRUMP, A FAMOUS WOMANIZING PERSON AND PROUD THAT THEY MAKE LESS MONEY, SEXIST? What the fuck do you think fox, your news is mostly lies and I dont think you can tell the truth about anything, O'Reilly cant.
If you guys really have faith in this scammer , fraud , racist , sexist , bankrupt , shit talking , lowlife scum of the earth , in-bread piece of humanity to take control of the worlds economies and issues you're whats wrong with this world you're to naive. Did he mention how he owns over 30 different pyramid scams across the country "verve" for example look it up if you don't believe me. This guy wants your life not just your money he wants to own people he's a psychotic  sociopath don't trust him if you don't want turmoil. Use your fucking brain.
Donald Trump has my vote.
If he has time to make such comments about people, he should have the time to answer why they were appropriate to say in the first place. Maybe a person that has so much pettiness should not have control over one of the most powerful countries in the world
:)
i wanna see her on her kneez
TRUMP   IS   JUST  ANOTHER   GOP   CLOWN
Women trying to tell Men what their place is...Has to stop..
what brain?
I hope this guy can become a United States President. United States soon to be finished. lol
Megyn knows where her bread's buttered and performs her marching orders well
no doubt there'll be more takedown attempts on Trump by Fox if he stays leading the polls
A lot of my friends don't think Trump can actually win. What I see is a demagogue in a time of uncertainty, which is precisely when demagogues are able to rise to power.
Trump is retarded
war on women?? What a joke. If anyone attacks women, it's another women. 

This country really is in the gutter when this is actually something the media talks about right now. This country has become spoiled brats who can't even take a punch anymore.
Rosie is a fat disgusting pig! LMFAO!! Great one!! You could of added that her pussy and asshole stink to high heaven but fat disgusting pig will do!! LOL
what a great response love ya trump!
There's this current PC narrative where you must treat women with respect no matter what. The question had nothing to do with the debate and it's just FOX trying to ruin Trump. Women aren't angels and if one fucks up or is just a straight up bad person, they deserved to be criticized. What 'war on women'? Everyone gets criticized. What he said about Rosie O'Donnell in 2006 shouldn't even fucking matter anymore. Get over it.
we americans are dead. trump will be president. when that happens the war machine will go into full effect. we have staged the world for ww3. the nwo will reach every person on this planet. And the trump is power. power hungry. wow. what a amazing time to be alive. lol. not for long though.
If Trump becomes president, then the whole world is going to laugh at the U.S
Fox News is a disgrace it is a total abomination Donald trump is a moron but hey he is better then illuminati front runner Jed bush
We just want you to take off your "hair"
Uh oh Donny boy said Megan "Had blood coming out of her whatever"

game over don
Omg I can't see his hairline! It's like they censored his whole forehead.
love this guy!!!
I like how ge disguises being an asshole as having some sort of ability to see past a liberal conspiracy of political correctness. It's hilarious.
voting system is rigged. poles are rigged. the nwo marches on. trump will be president. The next few years is going to make us shit our pants.
FUCK DONOLD TRUMP !!
I'm siding with Megan on this, Trump is a shitty human being who is racist, sexist, and said he would date his own daughter if they weren't related.
Donald trump is dangerous if he wins  there Will be the third world war.
There isn't a war on women in America!!!! Any MEN or WOMEN that support this are being very petty to the international struggle for women's suffrage. Yes, women do not make as much as men, but they are allowed to get jobs. Yes, women are not taken as seriously as men at the political level, but there is still equal opportunity. Women in America can vote, have independent lives, get jobs, divorce their husbands, and go out in public on their own. In many other parts of the world, these basic rights, which constitute a true WAR ON FEMINISM, are not provided or supported by national governments. Please stop worrying about going to the beach without a bra on and start worrying about women across the globe who are true second class citizens!
Megyn is not a feminist, I think they told her to come up with something to accuse Trump of, but that was a really dumb criticism as not many take feminism very seriously. I know all the paces I've worked, all the places I've been to, woman were always treated the same as men. The issue of woman's rights was done and dusted decades ago. Heck, the british conservatives had Margret Thatcher.
go to hell donald trump because thats where you belong!!!
Idk if I should be disappointed in so many people backing him or at the people here in the comment section defending him.
cough at least he's better than Hillary cough cough can I get some water please
If he becomes president I will move to Germany.
I think we know who Fox does not support. I find it quite enjoyable when this network does not get its way. Two presidential elections later... Can we go for another? lol

-Sean
I don't think Trump should be president, but he gives me a laugh every once in a while.
Wow, YouTube is liberal. What a shocker. Kelly of all people has no room to talk on "controversial comments."
This has to be a joke how are people actually trying to vote for him
the voting system is rigged. Trust an Automated system? What a joke. When trump becomes president the hammer will come down the hardest. America and the war machine will go into over drive. the new world order will show all its cards. black projects will come out of the wood works and take over. Its not our fault america. the elite have everyone in the world by the balls. it is fun to watch though.
I think all the questions came from Fox network....they are trying to sink him because he will ruin the Republican party
Don't worry, Megyn Kelly loves getting belittled by men. Thats why she is Fox News top female mouth piece. Sorry, I can't call her any type of journalist for my integrity's sake. And Donald Trump will only get as far as the nomination no matter how that plays out.
Is this question relevant for a Presidential debate?. Who came up with such silly questions?
http://pages.ebay.com/link/?nav=item.view&alt=web&id=171884315543&globalID=EBAY-US  I am selling some Genuine Executive Beats way below market value, Brand New and factory sealed. Also some less expensive Power Beats. Check them out. http://pages.ebay.com/link/?nav=item.view&alt=web&id=171885106807&globalID=EBAY-US
I love this guy! Even the women applauded in the audience. I am a woman and he's got my vote!
Who cares about the females, There is a non American in the White House which is againsta law created to stop what this guy is doing. He is not American & must be removed. Mutations need to be gone immediately & since men were on the stage, you must figure out removal, not whether feelings got hurt ormaybe females voted more in the last election, someone elected the wrong guy & he has to be removed pronto. This is whyCommander Trumpchecked the birth certificate.
I wanna see him become president and lose the little credibility we still have in America
We need brain. Indeed.
I'm voting for Tump!!!
Amen brotha. You got my vote. Oh and fuck you Fox News.
Typical SJW lies. Calling A woman fat or a pig, is the same as calling ALL women fat or pigs. Saying there is a war on women is like saying Iraq had a war on the US, so we had to fight back.
Still voting for trump. I don't give a fuck
Fuck that puto
HE CANNOT BE PRESIDENT HE HAS NO RESPECT FOR ANYONE HOW CAN YOU TRUST HIM!!!
fox news is operation mocking bird. and trump dont want to be the fucking president, hes putting on a show. how can some one, with self esteem so low, he has to have that comb over, have enough self esteem to be pres? hes a clown
I love Fox News but damn it stop it with this war on women BS.
NO...Trump is not part of the made up war on women, but from what I saw last night, Fox News is part of the war on Donald Trump...SHAME on you Fox News. Shame on you Megan Kelly. I thought you had more class.
There is a war on women? Who is leading this war? Hmmm, I hear women referring to men as animals all the time. So.....
this whole thing is a joke right?
Megyn was not fair and very provocative. Check her FB comments. She lost this debate.
Megyn Kelly is a misandrist. Just go to CNN or MSNBC Megyn.
Politicians always dodging questions to make themselves look better
im gonna miss John Stewart
this debate is a fuckin joke..and FOX???...really???
screw you Kelly!! you got shitted on by TRUMP! nice try fox news!! if you keep tryin TRUMP like that,he's gonna keep shitting on you!!! fox news!!! "you're FIRED!!!"
Donald u also need energy cuz dam.
Think i just might vote for him , seems to know what to do , and if he ends up bad we can still just vote him out as a country
i would hire hitman to kill these two
She started it coming in all bias
Screw You Megyn Kelly you work for the other side!
He says what people want to hear but he never goes into specifics. He just talks about how America needs to be great again.. Blah blah. 

The way Trump speaks will make America look like a bigger joke to other countries. It's cool to be honest but he sounds like a dumbass with a dirty filter. I can't stand him!!!!
I hate trump ... So idk whether to like or dislike this video
He had a pretty good response to the question but holy shit if he is elected I will move to fucking Canada.
Now the GOP don't like Fox news, lol. His response to half the questions is we are losing to China and securing the boarder. Calls a woman a fat pig, the crowd cheers and he says thank you. He is a joke. Then he goes home to his wife and daughter and say how did I do. I like to read between the line,
Yesssss Trump yesss!!! Lol
Donald Trump is a clown and America dose not need a clown as president .
This guy is a joke if he becomes president Ama move out fuck it stupid Americans voting for this clown lol how pathetic.
Megyn Kelly was about to cry and was trying to get the opposite response....she failed
War on women is getting old. How about war on babies? I think that is more appropriate. They have no defense, and they're being murdered. It's barbaric just like Rubio said!
People see Donald trump as the last possible choice for president but at what cost? What do you see in this guy?!
I can vote for the first time and I am going for this guy because he knows whats up.
Fox we know you are republican. We know the Don will go indep if he loses the primary. We know that means it will spilt the republican vote. We that means the lesser Clinton will become president. Stop making the Don look bad because that means the hillclint will win.
trump has been picked to be president for a long time now by the elites. the poles are rigged. the voting system is rigged. when are you people going to understand this. don't bother voting its already decided. the american people have been studied and trained like dogs. we have been conditioned. what makes anyone think that we are going to see anything different. the one world government will still go on with trump. false flags, hidden agendas, black projects, conspiracies, trillions of dollars stolen. so i guess cant beat them join them. enjoy the show.
It's funny watching everyone waste their time arguing- don't you realize there's absolutely 0 chance he will become president anyway?
Anyone who thinks there is a war on women in the United States should kill their self. The only war on women is being conducted by radical Islamist.
http://blogs.wsj.com/washwire/2015/08/05/carly-fiorinas-facebook-fans-outshine-donald-trumps-in-grammar-and-spelling/                           \()/
why is fox news so anti Trump america needs him lets be honest fox news you are fooling little the American people know whats best and what America needs is someone who is less talk more action and care about our veterans not illegal immigrants who actually in some cases our soldiers get put on a waiting list and a illegal immigrant gets it immediately that is not what America should be America needs trump and if you still hate trump well think what Hilary Clinton will do lets see first will be lowering the military budget continuing Obama care and de arming good Americans of there firearm before you say that's just me trying to say things to make her look bad go listen to her speech go look into the inter views you will see and hear what she wants and its not good. don't be fooled vote for Donald Trump and listen to what he says and only from his actual unedited speech as some videos are edited to leave important info out of it.
I didn't watch the debates, but Republicans can all be in a room together without circlejerking about how "Obama was the worst president in the history of history!"?
You racist white pussies supporting trump cuz you only care about yourselves
What really doesn't make any sense.... is the whole political party is a bunch of childish autistic kids and trumps leading them in euchre lol talking about twitter and women's looks.... that is the least of our worries honestly wtf how is this even a debate... We loose because we let other countries take advantage of the USA. I need a break too but honestly I'm tired of working 7 days a week to pay off the fucking loans for school with a no job economy. Fuck You Nation I'm tired of wasting my money and hours while I'm paying for these fucks to discuss Twitter and Facebook. The only reason Twitter and Face Book sway the audience is because that's all they know anymore... Retards and Transexuals.
Donald trump is a joke
Fox s using another spin off that's all he is right down with PC up with the truth
Did I just start rooting for Donald Trump?
Finally a leader who can take on the pundits and washington elites. TRUMP 2016!
Exactly what rights don't women have? I'm just curious because every women I interact with daily has every right that I do, if not more.
Donald Trump FOR PRESIDENT!!!!
You can feel the butthurt. She barely said anything the rest of the night.
Does anyone else find this ironic coming from a woman who spends what 30, 60 minutes, sitting in a chair being painted to look like what fox/society thinks is beauty. You are what brings women down.
Trump's not PC? No political filter? LOL! - He just evaded the question like the best of any A-hole politicians EVER!
Trump is exactly the kind of prick you don't want for a president of the U.S. - like all the rich corporate pricks before him that ran and lost and just allowed Liberals to get elected.
BTW - women should not be in politics period.
Megyn, I'm disappointed! Everyone has made disparaging remarks about others! Including YOU! or would you care to deny that? You also need to get that smirk off your face miss BIG HEAD!!! SMART ASS!!! If there is a war on women, you better go look in IRAQ, SYRIA, IRAN!!!! Is Rosie a woman?
And what we don't need is an idiot who will piss off every country he comes in contact with. Lord help us if he becomes anything more than an angry,out of touch businessman.
There is no war on women. Why would someone imply a stupid ass comment like that. If you can't be respectful to the man he's got a right to do just the same right back to you, it's that damn simply. Ask a dumb as question or say something insulting and you get the same in return.
deceptive question
When you get roasted and can't think of a comeback.
I still can't believe people are supporting Donald fucking Trump. I also can't believe people are supporting Hilary fucking Clinton. Hate for A can make you blindly follow B.
He didn't even answer the question that was posed to him. I'd vote for any president that shut his fucking face and answered squarely. "We don't have time to be politically correct", well we sure as shit don't have time either for crooked fucks doing the same political maneuvering that has cost this country its footing in the world. You want to hear some disparaging remarks about women Mr. Trump? Your mom's a dirty filthy fat fuck cunt waffle of a woman that birthed a honky nazi fucking shit bucket. How's that for not having any political correctness any more? Fuck you Donald Trump. Your grandparents were German Donald Trump? Guess we can call you a fucking Nazi from here until the day you die. Your mother was Scottish Mr. Trump? Guess we can say that she liked it in the ass from sheep. I myself don't usually speak this way, just for the record,.. but apparently we don't have time to be PC anymore.
Just not going to let up, are you FOX? I thought I was watching MSNBC last night....and here you are, on youtube, continuing your efforts to destroy Trump. It's going to BACK FIRE.
Men basically treat women like iphones, they think they know enough to manage there way around us. But when they reach a problem, they complain about it, or assume the answer. We are people too, and we need a president who respects 100% of the American people.
I spat on my screen when he couldn't even be bothered to apologize for saying that about women, when you elect him what do you think he'll do or say to anyone who says anything different then what he says is right? He may call you a terrorist for all we know
This video only has views becauseDonald Trump is a badass.
That's a stupid question and insulting a woman doesn't automatically make you sexist. If a woman insulted a man, it still wouldn't be sexist (unless if they insulted them based completely on gender, which I doubt is the case). But still, I think Trump is a horrible candidate and the only reason people like him is because he's "honest". All that says to me, is that anyone can go up on stage, insult Mexicans and almost every race but whites, state their "honest" opinion, and then earn the crowd's applause.

What bullshit is this? Trump's candidacy is worse than his toupee.
hi
Cheap shot. Uncalled for.
I don't get this. I don't get this at all.

Not referring to Trump. I pretty much expected his response.

What I don't understand is all these comments bashing political correctness. And it's not just him. Somehow, it's become the trend among internet commentators that anyone who is sexually harassed should just accept it. Anyone who's racially profiled must be racist for thinking "racism" even exists. Anyone who says they're offended by someone else online, whether that offense is legitimate or not, is an acceptable target for anonymous online death threats. And here people are complaining "political correctness is choking America?" Maybe I'm the one with the problem. Maybe I'm oversensitive, or maybe I just have a lot of pent-up resentment from having a boss who (from my limited observation) conducted himself like Trump. The idea of "defeating political correctness" sounds to me a lot like just embracing "social darwanism." And I've never understood the logic behind that either.

Well I'm likely to get a few venomous replies Or at least called an idiot. At least put some logic behind your reply. Anyone can go the non-PC route of saying: "you retard/faggot/whore/prick-go-die"
OMG! Megyan HOW MANY MORE, HOW MANY MORE PEOPLE? This murder was totally insane another one Megyan she was raped, murdered with a hammer HOW MANY MORE MEGYAN before you tell thetruth to the people?? http://dailycaller.com/2015/08/04/illegal-alien-arrested-four-times-in-two-years-allegedly-beat-california-woman-with-hammer-raped-her/
This is proof that stupid loves stupid.
I'm totally registering to vote just so I can vote for The Donald!!!
Trump already dropping bombs even though he's not president.
Where are the feminist now lol
have fun yet strg.... wow if they are that bad that you want to see them on there knees they should be put down. brains? who the fuck is this failed casino clown talking about? Despite what you heard... the first publicly discovered gene yup... was a very brilliant women which those to fags stole FROM HER SHE DESERVES THE FLIPPN BELL. MEN SHOULD NOT HAVE TO CHEAT AND BS THEMSELVES TO OUT DO GENUIS WOMEN! seriously what the hell is this god forsaken person on. even in his fun he is trying to be politically correct and literly thinks anyone with a question he does not like etc in what... POLITICS should germanicly do what? europe builderburg people... omg seriously do you want a medium bus. man with this stuff flying around own you? do you have any balls against the illuminati? this is not about women now think how everyone is suppose to run and do bus... I have yet to see any descent true repub yet that fits the cal of someone who can stand toe to toe with russia let alone anyone in europe! please do something for this out of touch brand because it keeps getting more radical like those twat terrorists. Really! Did you not see the blond feel almost like crying there when the puppets with money cheared? I have a good Idea just how powerful the women are and you got men on a lot of blocks everywhere because your afraid of gulpers to a crowd of puppets? You got aliens in and amongst you men. supernatural stuff is going down. what do you expect a girl is really going to do from that! We all know the simulations... when women of power all over do that! They like the sisterhood thing want daddies and like talking and doing women stuff. often the doers which I HAVE FIRST HAND EXP ON still do as they are told as long as its a reasonable job. Reason men do you speak it? You sorry souks litterly got your panties in a bundle and that goes for the queers to!You know who I am... Im out!
Trump for President!!!!
war on women?... lmfao... nowadays its more like the war against men.. especially white men with the type of shit these feminists are saying...

is this what the elite are going to try to push this election? women are oppressed now? lmfao.. oh please.. women can get away with anything and have the most privilege out of anyone in the world... nice try fox.
Well, he seemed to me to treat men and women equel last night. I guess this is another failed attempt to create a news story.
I didn't know there was a war on women.
fuck you FOX NEWS! fuck you!
Donald is taking a page right out of Hitler's playbook. He has found an angry segment of the population, he blames the immigrants for everything, and he is having people in China make brown shirts as we speak.
Good to see how low the GOP  I.Q. has got.
YOU WONT BELIEVE THIS...
http://www.redbubble.com/people/bennetthuskers
Strange things happen in America ;)
LMao! FOX FAIL MEGYN FAILURE I NEVER WATCH FOXNEWS What a jerk Megyn. Really? The world is going ti shit and THAT's the question you ask ALONG with the "GOD" question? Totally irrelevant to bring up "GOD" in a political debate. Our nation has many different people, religions. SO transparent your line of questioning to steer away the women voters and "Religious" voters. Go bury yourself back in the FOXHOLE and stay there...smh...MEGYN SUCKS FOXNEWS ZIONIST DICKS
If Trump was president that would be a very entertaining 4 years. He'll probably have a boxing match with Putin and El Chapo.
FUCK DONALD TRUMP
I'm starting to like trump, this is gonna be a humor filled 4 years if he is elected
Savage
I don't have time for total political correctness." That's an awesome line.
Wait... Are people actually going to vote for this guy? Should we be giving him the responsibility of presidency? I mean Celebrity Apprentice and Miss America are already screwed up as it is. 
If he does get elected it'll be fun to poke fun at him for the first few days but then the joke will get old and America will go waaaay downhill.
It's not a "bad question" with a "great response". She called him out on his sexist comments and he clearly twisted the question so he wouldn't truly have to own up to his mistakes.
wow! thats something good! for the first time I see a honest person in TV... like, you might not like him, but you know that he will cut the bullshit out!
He should stick to being on the WWE
He was bout to end her whole career then he realized the roast would be too much he would burn down the whole building
Donald trump real af
There is one sure way to be certain that Donald Trump will never be President: Keep a mic in front of his mouth.
COME AT ME, if anything there's a war on men right now, a page gap bullshit lie that was debunked in the 80's, that's still going right now, many companies paying woman more than men to "close the gap", states where you have to prove you're not a rapist, most of the times you have to pay child support even if the kid isn't yours and there's a dna test, companies that hire less qualified women, to appear not sexist, well trying to get custudi for your child is a nightmare, and you have this "guys" being pc and sjw, thinking they'll get women like that, well basicly the best thing you can be right now is a hot chick, or a handsome gay male, and i'm sure as hell that i don't like cock.
Megyn Kelly just criticized Donald Trump; therefore, she hates all men and is part of 'The War on Men'. (Feminist Logic - Reversed)
FINALLY...
A true person. Trump 2016!!!
God, I can't wait. I'm getting tired looking over my shoulder or around when sitting in public speaking.
Freedom of speech, is America.
Fuck political correct!!!
Holy shit I'm a Republican but good God is this party REALLY GOING TO SUPPORT THIS PIECE OF FORESKIN WITH A TOUPEE????
You know, I think it's funny - insult a woman, and you're sexist.

Insult a man - well no one brings that up.
wow, what an insensitive prick. that what the republican like!
Don't want to be an American idiot.
One nation controlled by the media.
-Greenday
look in the mirror fox
That awkward moment when you try to make someone look bad and end up looking bad yourself.
He's disgusting.
Trump for President
I love how republicans bitch and moan about the corporate stooges in government yet so many of them are salivating at the idea of this billionaire scum fuck making decisions that affect average americans. " But he don't care bout no dern political correctness, he's not a Washington elite, he's ignorant and xenophobic like me so he's one of us!" Yeah, a guy who inherited 400 million dollars from his dad is just like you, someone who I'm guessing had to work for what you have. Im sire your life experiences have been shockingly similar. You know what, all this under the table bribery and corporate influence on our politics is so old hat. Let's just elect trump, make the CEO of Comcast his VP, all the board members of the world banks and ISPs his cabinet and the head of the NRA the secretary of defense. America has been in this situations before, but we were saved from catastrophe by a man by the name of Franklin D. Roosevelt. His socialist - democratic policies were what made America the nation it was when the majority of fox news watchers were growing up. Yet they forget that so easily. So thanks all you conservatives who keep voting for the same corporate shills and lobbyist puppets every election cycle. Same goes for the Democrats. It's thanks to you fine patriots that America is split in half and plummeting into the ocean like the Titanic, an event most fox news viewers were probably alive to see. It's time we let someone into office who isn't completely detached from reality like every single republican candidate and the majority of their voting base. Satan bless America
The war on women is just as accurate as the war on Christmas
Man these presidential debates are turning into popular debates nowadays, I'm very upset to say this but trump is gonna be at the top of the republicans
You guys are idiots!! The more you bring trumps past the better is it for him. It gives the people more reasons why they should vote for trump.
Anyone else looking at this debate as if its the weirdest thing in the world? Like WTF, "everybody lets dress like penguins and stand on a podium and answer questions, like this is an interrogation." I want the leader of my country to have a doctorate in sociology, with knowledge on philosophy, logistics, and economics. This society is broken, its designed to make somebody poor so that there can be somebody wealthy. We need to start working together and start something new, where we are all provided quality food, healthcare, shelter and transportation. Once all those needs are met, we'd actually be able to work jobs that we love, instead of working jobs we hate, just to have our basic needs met.
It was obvious to me that F#@#% News wants to make sure they help to destroy Trump! First question was a set up and then this bull shit!! Did not hit the other empty shirts on the stage with anything like they did Trump. The NWO and there hacks working us over again. Watch them turn to Bush before it is all over with...
THIS MOTHERFUCKER HAS PROVEN TO THE WORLD THAT WITH MONEY, YOU CAN BUY ANYTHING. EVEN THE WHITE HOUSE
politics my ass haha
this political attack in the form of a question brought to you by the sniveling cucks at the chamber of commerce
Donald Trump is only one candidate GOOD for President !
I see this has brought out the Mexicans and self hating white trashes but where are the black people comments?
I'd really like to hear from them too.
Answer: When Rosie Odonell becomes a woman, let me know. Next question.
Megyn Kelly is such a bitch, and they were all out for Trump that night.
What a clown. He really just said "we need brains" to finish his statement, after he said he just talks without thinking. Pitty him and his Muppet followers.
Trump for president
kelly got exactly what she deserved. Trump is an example for all men to no longer tolerate that which is intolerable.
Click Bait
Trump has abilities needed to turn this country around. Hope it's not too late.
The problem with this whole debate is that Fox hosted it.

It's a one sided propoganda machine. 

If you can't figure this out your a retard.

And,  I don't care for anyone to respond with their own debate. I got nothing to say to you.
There is No war on women, the war is against common sense and is perpetuated by the elitist liberals against the productive members of society.
Need Girl
The "War on Women" is a complete joke and made-up term created by the democrats in order to make women feel like "victims." Shame of Fox News for promoting this false canard. As an ardent Trump supporter and former Fox News viewer, I am boycotting Fox News for their blatant attacks and intentional undermining of Trump. Trump 2016 all the way!!
ya donald trump is the war on women minus running against a female candidate whos husband cheated on her and lied about it
News is rigged
I used to like Megan. Now.. no.
Donald Trump kicking ass!
fck women if they're feminists. Men need to learn to say whenever they hear "war on women" , so what ?
I don't know who I should detest more: the arrogant, rich douchbag or the arrogant, femnazi douchebag
bitch
Trump the more iphone you got the more stay,,men let them upgrade their self,,untill its too late too ignore diaper,,deez nuttz nearly thinking diaper and guns,,which on trump,,help president bush and president obama too join,,they will die haha,,
Trump demonstrates his fearless authenticity and that is the reason why he the least to ever withhold important information during a state of the damn union speech.
The King Of Real Estate Donald John Trump, Makes Very Precise And Accurate Points, Now, If Your The Kind Of Idiot Who Lives In Denial About Every Fucking Thing In The World, Everyone Is Always Wrong In Your Views. Well It's About Time Your Woke Up And Face The Real Truth, Because It Will Never Go Away, Donald J. Trump For President 2016. Joseph M
if men wanted to wage a war on women, females'd go low in numbers
Fox and other slimmy news stations keeps trying to corner Trump and want to know what "HE would do" in different situations and it's NOT working. They are so use to obama telling thee enemies our every move BEFORE we make it and Trump keeps proving HE'S NOT GONNA TELL BEFORE HE MAKES THE MOVE. Relax people you're in GOOD hands with TRUMP. You want your country, life, and God back then just stay aboard and finger the rest of the lying politicans you've already seen what they do NOTHING why would you vote for ANY of the ones already seated?? Who stood for the people as we were sliding by the hands of the leaders NOT ONE OF THEM ....REMEMBER THAT!!
I love it!! Video made my day
YOUR A BLONDE BIMBO - and to attack Trump - your time was on the casting couch. And you I would love to see on your knees in front of me - who are YOU to question a man that is worth more than your paycheck and knee pads.  BRAINS. DUMB BLONDE - stood up by a BLONDE - EPIC - and did you come up with that question?  MEGAN - most likely NOT - and got your ASS KICKED and TRUMPED!  I can't believe you are that dumb to ask a presidential candidate a question as dumb ass as that?  You made the football team happy in High School kicking up your skirt Megan - and will never - ever - be as successful and full of support Mr.T - has done for veterans and charity's.  No you spend money on that fake face and your ability to find a sale on shoes.  Mr. Trump is FAR MORE than YOU will ever BE!  I sense a jealous HAG!  SHAME ON YOU - and your question.  Really - was it your sleaze producer - that made you ask it?   Wow - so full of YOURSELF - YOU BIMBO'd YOURSELF!  Nobody will remember your name - but Trump will be History!
Your status in society or what people do to you doesn't justify you being a piece of shit. It's not about being PC it's about being a decent human being and Trump isn't one and it's disappointing to see so many singing his praises when he has no real respect for anybody.
The fact that people think this idiot has a chance of winning, is comical. He has no policy. His talking points are outdated and he has no plan. He's just a talking head promoting his brand, and the mindless reality TV watching morons are eating it up.
The war on women began when Hillary Clinton claimed she was female which set back the opinion of all women by a hundred years.
+++DONALD TRUMP 2016 +++ A modern day honorable General Patton who isKnown as "old blood & guts"! General Patton also said what he meant and accomplished GREAT things including helping end WW2 leading MEN! Forget the political correct crap and speak the TRUTH ! Our country is being destroyed on many fronts including political correctness. +++DONALD TRUMP 2016 +++ Semper Fidelis ! USMC '74 - '81
GO DONALD TRUMP
I would like this dude if he wasn't racist.
lol you know you're shitty conservative when you've turned women on conservative news networks against you. Fuck that scumbag Donald Trump.
Megyan how sad and disgusting you made yourself look and sound like! Seriously you couldn't have gotten any more lowlife than you did. You are why we should never judge a book by it's cover. The destruction and dismantling of this country that's been going on AND YOU DARN WELL KNOW IT and you turned on the VERY person that can possibly save us! I hate to say this but, karma's gonna come right back at ya and bite you right in the A...
Anyone who thinks this country needs "brains" to make it in this world may lack just a little bit of sophistication. Especially when said person, who is running for President, points to his head while saying it.
Hahahaha Fox you idiots. You're fucked either way. If you keep picking on trump he may go for the bid as a third party with out losing the GOP bid. He will fuck you guys there. He wont win the actual GOP candidacy anyways. So all your doing is making your base like him more. (Because lets face it the Republican base is all bigots, and radicals now that the Democrat side is were you were 20 years ago.) So really trump has lost the presidency for the GOP. The question is Clinton or Bernie. My vote is Bernie.
Although I agree 110% with him on all this liberal PC bullshit
How was this relevant? I could think of a million other questions to ask besides the one she asked.
Trump is making this election so much more interesting rather than boring old politicians.
We live in a scary world where Donald fucking Trump is a somewhat viable candidate, lmao.
Where's the debate? All I see is a moderator hit job. The quote was taken badly out of context. The original context was not sexual in nature.
Megan Kelley, that question is not about the debate ,FOX are you really that stupid allowing your host ask the stupidest question?
I'm a female and if a man made a comment I didn't like I'd set him straight...come on ladies get a back bone
The Donald really knows how to get the crowd going. That dumb lady megyn should know how to pic her battles.
war on women? wtf!!! women in the united states get treated the best in the entire world... these bitches are spoiled... would they rather us treat them like they do in the middle east?
He did't answer her question.
Savage
Lol typical trump
Trump is the president we need. Once everyone realizes that the faster we can get this country back on track.
Funny how Youtube is trying hard to keep the highest thumbs up votes (the ones praising Trump) from the top.  HEY YOUTUBE, YOU MAD? Lol
Goddamn this guy's an absolute fucktard!
Who remembers seeing this guy in The Little Rascals?
This guy is insane. If he can't respect 50 % of the US population he should not be president.
Ya Trump! Your a fricken animal!
You need to keep it up Trump. Also, no one will know who will be the Dem nomination.
It's so clear through this exchange that Fox isn't the bastion for conservative values everyone thinks it is. In the end, it's just another pawn in the media machine. Trump scares the hell out the establishment, period.
Megyn Kelly proved how women should not have the right to vote.
People have to vote Trump as the Republican leader, he's crazy enough to bring Monica Lewinski to one of the presidential debates and who doesn't want to see that
as a meme I am outraged by Donald Trump to be in the republican running.
AFRICA FOR THE AFRICANS, ASIA FOR THE ASIANS, BUT WHITE COUNTRIES FOR WHOM?

(a) White people.
(b) All freedom-loving people everywhere.
(c) All your poor, your huddled masses, your tempest tossed.
(d) Anyone who completes the paperwork and takes the oath.
(e) Everyone!

If your answer was (a) then you are a racistnaziwhowantstokillsixmillionjews.

Diversity and multiculturalism are codewords for White genocide.
Anti-racist is a codeword for anti-White.
Megyn Kelly is not the problem, Fox News is the problem.
Boom
I Love Donald Trump! I am a Woman and I take no offence to his plain speech, in fact, I find it refreshing.I don't want a,soft spoken,soft hand, jiggling hipped, politically correct president. I want a steel hammer a cock slinger, someone who is not afraid to fix our problems.Someone who will do whats right for this country and not worry about who gets their feelings hurt. I have to live here and so do my children and grand children. It really matters to me that we fix this economy and our security and not apologize for it.
When it comes to journalistic credibility, Fox News is right up there with Rolling Stone. I don't know about the war on women, but Megyn Kelly must have a war on interns to make them sit through six seasons of Celebrity Apprentice to find one statement to take out of context.
I'm Mexican American born in USA. I would vote for Donald Trump we need a person with back bone not jelly fish as president. As for women i want them to achieve everything possible this in this country. But Megan, brought question and he gave exactly what she deserve. What good for goose is good for gander.
She obviously despises him,and its a blatantattempt to make him look like some woman hating monster. Megan has a habit of doing this to people she doesn't like. If she likes you'll get softball questions in interviews. Get on her bad side and she will paste on that smile and viciously stab you in the back and roll your body under a moving bus. Just watch past interviews withother people who are notPC or Republicans and you will see I amnot making this up or exaggerating.
Stupid question. Awsome respose. 
"I dont have time to be politcally correct" 
Love it
Get rid of this dumb useless bitch, how many dicks did she have to suck to get her job.
Are all the trump supporters in the comments paid off?
Iintelligence power get a diaper trump,,you and president bush and president obama,,selling diaper,,thats the energy you need too run with diaper,,men we are needs too die,,and you need too donald trump,,you have guns die with your guns,,let civilian die with diaper,,you are smart you wont sell diaper like president bush and president obama,,
That is a retard question worthy of an ignorant Clintonist! The real question here should be " is Fox news leading the war on Trump They sound as bad as MSLSD! We The People are really fed up with pro politicians,and biased media trying to sway elections to the whims of the DNC or RNC!
How much time does it take to be respectful to all people?
Fuck you Fox News
donal trump gey gey nazi
Amen to the political correctness! 

Yes you're black, wait no you're African American..... 

You like men... Wait you're gay!

Merry Christmas!!! NooOo... Happy Holidays!! 

Get over yourself people! I'm brining my gay black friend to Morning mass. Merry Christmas!!!
Trumps says "Thank You" but is such a self-centered moron, he thinks most of the people are laughing at Rosie and applauding him. What a fricking moron.
Women literally can commit a crime, a guy does and get a way with it or receive a lesser sentence. She can have sex with a 14 year old boy; spend 8 years in prison and get an interview with Diane Sawyer. A guy has sex with a 15 year old girl, he spends 20+ years in prison; no interview with Diane Sawyer. Wth is that about, we call that a double standard. Women always think somebody against them, I never heard of "war on women" until now. Women around the world you have to realize, not everybody is against you. This is not the 1900's were women were ultimately fighting for equal rights. I don't know if we should vote for Hilary Clinton now; because it seems to me "were going to regret that decision". Who should we vote for then, if it's not Trump or Hilary Clinton ?(Only time will tell) tho.
False noise is getting bitten by the very snake they foster -- the Teanuts. Enjoy the venomous poison being inject into your veins.

And bat shit crazy, Teanuts, enjoy your 15 minutes of infamy.
i wasn't planning on voting for trump, but those questions were hilariously biased. they asked him questions that made him look bad, cut him off and then never included him in any questions where he could really "have his moment" like the other candidates did. This was just plain and blatant favoritism of Huckabee and trash talking Trump. I don't need Fox's shitty network telling me who to like and who not to; especially with biased questions that do nothing but ruin any chance of getting the best candidate. Really disappointed with fox.
I freaking love this guy!! TRUMP FOR PREZZZZZZ
Lets be serious. Donald Trump doesn't have the intelligence to run a country. Still the exchange was funny as hell. I love watching conservashits destroy each other.
Donald trump nothing deserves nothing else then to be treated like a piece of shit 
Megyn Kelly is the did exactly that good for her
She made a great point. You can't excuse Trump for that.
You would think that fox would support Trump
There are three kinds of people that watch these 
1. People who want to have a reason to get mad at Donald trump ( AKA the haters )
2. People who like to see Donald trump have a good comeback from negative questions ( AKA the supporters ) 
3. The people who watch to see if they should vote for him ( AKA the people who don't care )
I'd like to piss in this guy's mouth, and then I'll piss in the mouth of that thing on his head.
WE NEED BRAIN!!!WE NEED BRAIN!!!WE NEED BRAIN!!!WE NEED BRAIN!!!WE NEED BRAIN!!!
I like Trump because he is NOT a politician. He does not need to pander to certain groups to raise money (because he's already fucking rich and financing his own campaign lol) and he says what's on his mind. The GOP establishment is scared to death of this man. I think it's refreshing.......and hilarious. America is fed up with tippy toe , do NOTHING politicians and conservatives who act like liberals once they are elected. Not saying Trump is a conservative, I don't know what the Hell he is...frankly, I, and MANY other Americans don't care. We may be looking at our next president. If Obama won twice, hell, anything is possible. I actually believe Trump will do what he says he's gonna do. He's the only one on the ballot that can beat the Clinton machine at this point. He is a "man among boys" in the GOP field right now.
Need some #HeForShe up in here.  I don't understand why people are cheering.  Really?  You want this person to be president?
He most definitely, he has a lot of hatred in him and is ridiculously judgmental. He can easily say those harsh things about anyone watching this video, not only woman but you can see where his mind goes. Our next president should be worldly and cultured, not some bimbo with no depth and 0 intellect, this isnt the 1700s its 2015, New age. If he gets elected, we're just going backwards at this point. It's like we won't be growing as a united nation but more separated and segregated.
Hah... Trump..
There is no war on women.
To me, honesty and frankness is a virtue lacking in DC bureaucracy. So Im now torn between Trump and Sanders as best qualified for the job of President.  I hate to water down this serious comment with jokes. But if it were a tie, which mans wife looks more impressive? Moreover, which man do you think would motivate Americans to be more excellent citizens?
Some people see the light through the smoke and mirrors, others just keep listening to what they are told to believe, Go Trump!
trump is playing you fools and you dont know it.He is telling you idiots what you guys want to hear just like a sales man.
It's good to see somebody I would actually like to see as president running for once.
If Trump becomes president I will move to Canada.
Trump belongs in hell.
He is so right.
Blaming your country's problem on a race of people creating idiots to believe and follow you blindly...... that's how Hitler rose to power. ( _ )
I don't even like Trump but damn that was a good one
Still voting for Bernie Sanders
Fuck him
When i heard he was running for president i brushed it off and laughed. Ive been a supporter of Rand Pual but now seeing as he is a man that has integrity in his words, says things as they are, and most importantly isnt lobbied by cooperations to follow their desires due to thr fact that he doesnt need their money, I am now a full supporter of Donald Trump. He is the material we need to run our country and restore it to greatness as it once was in the 50's and 60's
Megyn did poop all over with that BS question
What amazes me is the Republican party's popularity among the middle and lower classes. If you're not rich, a Republican vote is a vote against your own interests. Go figure.
Guy: That ONE girl looks ugly
Girl: I can't believe you said that ALL girls look ugly
Guy: wut
If he became president, he would drive it into the ground.
You go TRUMP! Rosie is a scumbag!
Let's not forget this question was asked by a person from a company where women are required to wear short skirts to work.
Oh, she wanted that to be a 'gotcha' moment that would make Trump squirm. You see how pissed she was that he easily got the better of her. Better luck next time...
I am Republican an I can't stand him.
There is no damn "War on Women". That is a Democrat illusion. Is Fox becoming MSNBC?
Um both great question and response
    
    
    

      
      
      

    
    
    

     
     
     

       
       
      
I don't care for Trump, I think he can be a buffoon, but I must say I really admire his no bullshit attitude.. This guy doesn't give a fuck who he pisses off he speaks his damn mind. Now he can put his foot in his mouth and say stupid things. I'm still voting for Bernie, but there is something about Trump I do like. Fox news and everyone else think they can bully him out of presidency but it is simply not going to happen.
No bullshit, they should have Dennis Miller or Gutfeild as moderator, someone that fires back at Trump. That'd be entertaining at least.
This is what's wrong with Fox news. They SERIOUSLY want another BUSH over Trump!? And they'll try anything they can to slander him...
Did anyone else think Rant Paul looked like the town crier dressed in a dandy suit? Or Chicken Little? "The constitution is falling, the constitution is falling"
What really blows my mind is the fact that not everyone had access to FOX NEWS to watch the debates. Every citizen should have access to the debates if they want to see the candidates for their own decision making when it comes to election night....So far we have alienated the middle class and now alienated the folks who didn't have access to FOX NEWS (puke). It should of been on a broadcast channel that anyone can get over air like nbc, cbs, abc.
While I personally think Trump would be a terrible president, I do agree with a lot of the things he has to say, and I really hope that he challenges the Republican party to come up with something better than just another Bush or some nitwit like Cruz.
Lets take the "Total Political Correctness" filter off for just one minute--The kinds of women that object to fat whores being called fat whores don't vote for Republicans anyway. If Trump wins I think one of the biggest shocks to both sides will be that huge numbers of women and fairly large numbers of minorities voted for him. Expect the denial machine to go into overdrive at that point.
Well I don't know if to thumbs up for the rest question or the awful dodging response from Mr. Dumb,.. wait Trump.
As a Democrat, I SOOOOO want Trump to get the nomination. No independent in their right mind would ever vote for him. It would be a swing state landslide. I'm feeling sexy in my pants just thinking about how amazing it would be.
Duck Donald trump
Doesn't excuse the war on woman. And he does run everything he says through the politician filter. Completely changed the subject from womanizing to 'this nation needs to be stronger'. Not so gracefully.
Fuck that puto
Trump hates white women because they enjoy sex with black men instead of white guys....
So if you don't want to present yourself as a professional and a person that is accountable for your words and actions you just say some crap about being against being PC correct? So we should all just dumb ourselves down to a trailer park mentality, I am sure most people who watch Fox News would not have a problem with that.
fuck this asshole, but that comeback was good
Bloviating bloviators love to bloviate.
We need Donald Trump..!! He gave me total chill bumps.. We need to make America strong again and we need it now!! I'm all for it. I think they should have given him a little bit better questions. So wrong.. Go Trump!!
This guy is retarded
There is no such thing as a war on women. Lib bs. Megan Kelly has a chip on her shoulder.
I kind of hope i get cancer and die before this election happens so i dont have to live through it.
;) :)
I think the worst part is Fox running all of this.
He Fliping railroaded her ass
WTF? "War on women"????
Donald Trump does NOT KNOW WHAT THE FUCK HE IS DOING.
Seriously, cut it out! You guys are embarrassing the conservatives in America. Bullies! I'm ashamed of you all.
new jersey
Everyone knows DonalJTRUmp is winning the war like bill cosby
HahahHahHha your not going to be president .....
Yep, Donald Trump is out there moving down women left and right with assault weapons and funding military abortion clinics with vaccines so that all children and women get autism.
LOL seriously LOL Megyn...YOUR a whore for the main stream PRESSTITUTES! GOO Donald! 0:45 LOL Hilary Clinton stayed married to an ASS HOLE that got a BLOW JOB in the OVAL OFFICE...Does that sound like TO YOU Megyn...strength we need in the WHITE HOUSE! YOU HONEY ARE DISGUSTING!
About the women he told would be a pretty picture on her knees... This is what she had to say about him "Like him, I didnt even remember him saying that, Roderick said during an interview on MSNBC Friday morning. Ive always had a positive experience around Donald. Hes always been encouraging. Hes never been disrespectful to me."

In fact, news outlets have reported on the incidents Kelly mentioned.

 Trump wrote New York Times columnist Gail Collins that she had the face of a dog, the columnist wrote in 2011.

 Trump called a lawyer disgusting when she wanted a break to pump milk for her baby in the middle of a court hearing, The New York Times reported last month.

 Trump has called ODonnell a fat pig, a slob and an animal, according to several published reports.

#Trump2016 #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
What "war on women"???? Has he ever been a part of "war on women"?? All of a sudden he is a sexist?? I think after the many years Trump has been around we all would know that he was a part of the "war on women." What the hell??
idk why he brought up mexico because the way it looks it's not that pretty... and I'm Latino


but good lord the man can freaking speak the truth
TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT
It doesn't matter what they try to do..he is going to be president. She's a hottie too..but that fight with Rosie was so many years ago. It seems that the media can only dig up things from the past and try to throw it at him..kind of like paper balls in high school homeroom. Just keep throwing those and he'll just put them into the garbage. Thank you..
Wtf is wrong with people we have come so far In the world we have been convinced  to accept eachother  as human beings and same sex marriage and now he wants to get rid of it all for power??? I'm disappointed of people that support him why even care if a Mexican wants to come to the usa because he wants his family to have a better life so what a woman wants to be treated and have the same rights as a man so what why make life worse for people when you can make it better spread the word save people's lives from being ruined Donald trump is a ass hole
He's a womanizing jack ass. A mob of angry women should put the soap in socks and beat him with it. This shows he's disgracing the platform and should be asked to leave the party and run independent.
1:57 We need you to shut up moron
Trump turned this shit sandwich into a five star meal.
Fox is merely part of the status quo, and it sucks much like the status quo. It sucks as much as MSNBC, CNN, CNBC, and the lot of them. Political correctness is the religion of psychological dupes and those who want to stifle competition because they cannot contend in the real world.
Love how the unbiased moderator immediately picks a side and attacks one of its debaters. That's just unprofessional and PLEASE do not tell me Fox News will still be the main news outlet. This is ridiculous.

Not saying "Trump for President" I actually find that he just blows smoke and his "plans" have absolutely no substance.
Didn't Clinton get a Blow Jay in office?
Donald trump literally said he would be dating his daughter if she was not his daughter... Just putting that out there.
Fuck you Donnie. Your mouth literally looks like an asshole that is able to speak...however unintelligently that speech may be. Go Bernie. Fuck all the republicans.
Trump is the best thing for the GOP since Reagan - period
FOX NEWS TROLLING
Internet 'trolling' is the anti-social act of causing of interpersonal conflict and shock-value TIME WASTING controversy online THUS PREVENTING PEOPLE FROM FOCUSING ON THE ACTUAL INFORMATION AT HAND.
Until women are forced to register for the Draft under penalty of law then any perceptions of inequity they think they suffer I couldn't care less about
Donald Trump is hilarious, I can't wait to see the GOP push him to the side and groom their favorite.
o my god i love this man and i really hope he wins i know l`m gonna vote fore him
Really? A total hit on Trump. Cut it out, Fox and the Republican party! If I were him, I'd be threatening to switch parties too.
so he's a sexist, and they applaud him? When Trump wins, please kill me, i don't want to witness this country go to hell.
Well, based on this comment section and the GOP primary polls, there are a LOT of hateful, ignorant jerks in this country.
TRUMP RULES !!!
"war on women"...despite the fact women have more rights and privileges than men.
Anoucer: Trump is the new president of the United states
Me: I don't want to live on this planet any more
Haha donald trump is a a savage. Still everyone of the candidates are a joke. Donald can't wait to become president to use it to his advantage to get even richer. He isn't ready to become president but he is definitely a funny fucking guy!
Donald for Pres? WHY THE FUCK NOT!
we need brain?
People are not a business and you can not treat them as such. Also politics is not made to win it is made to help, to cure, and to solve. He also did not answer the question she asked he just changed the topic like any jackass would if the get tied up in their words.
The way they treated Trump last night is exactly the reason I can't stand Fox News. They purposely singled him out just because they don't like him or want him to be nominated. Megyn Kelly literally set him up for every single question that was asked so it wouldn't go his way pretty much however he answered, but being Trump, he made it funny and used the ridiculousness to his advantage.
Women who do not like Trump call him a great many names that are far worse. And in public. No one cares.. name calling has been going on since Adam and Eve had a fight. Mr. Trump had two successful marriages and that tells us he not an abuser. If he doesn't like someone and calls them names.. that is his Queens upbringing. 

And now the question.. it is STUPID.
what's this???? stand up comedy???
WTF is with this guy. "This country is in BIG trouble" ummm compared to other countries, not really. Trump needs to understand the U.S is a melting pot of all races and beliefs. Most people have tolerance and live with one another despite their differences. Hatred on blacks, women, homosexuals, Hispanics or should i say basically half the human race is unacceptable. I don't even know why we give him the platform to speak... oh yeah entertainment and money. This guy is rude, racist, and disrepectful.
he is a feminist and is racist i cant deal with him anymore -_-||
Very refreshing to see a politician not worried about saying the 'wrong thing'. With so many bullshit politicians constantly lying to the public just so they get elected, every American should be hopping on Trump's cock right now. Definitely a breath of fresh air in a room full of dishonest, lying, deceptive filth.
Thumbs down for the underhanded tactics used against Trump. I'm not a Trump supporter, but I think it's unfair at how viciously the man is being attacked by the media.
Stupid question- excellent response
What "war on women"? Women have every right men have. Stop the nonsense.
If only Megyn Kelly could lead herself with the rest of Fox News off of a cliff. MSM sucks sweaty balls.
NO BODY, tuned in to see u last night Megyn. TRUMP - CARSON 2016
His own party is trying to ruin him, take him down. I've never seen that in my life time. This is totally unprecedented.

The closest thing I have seen to this is the way they treated Ron Paul when he was clearly the most popular. But nothing like this.
There is no such thing as The War on Women. It's just another dividing issue. If anything, there IS a war on Manliness. All you see on TV are a bunch of sissies that are supposed to represent the REAL men of America? Fucking disgrace is what it is.
WHEN DONALD TRUMP OPEN HIS MOUTH THE WRONG TIME ABOUT WOMEN HE KNOW HE NOT GETTING MY VOTE HE DONT NEED TO BE NO PRESIDENT TALK TO MUCH SOMETHING NEED TO BE SAID BUT PUT IT IN IT RESPECTFUL PLACE HILLARY CLINTON SHOULD BE PRESIDENT FOR WOMEN RIGHTS
Trump owns "16 golf courses across the U.S. & Worldwide" 
Who the fuck cares ! 
I'll be putting that on my resume and see if I'm the best candidate for the job.
Funny how the Femizazis are mad that trump called a woman ( rosie ) a fat pig, and say it's sexist and disrespectful to women, yet he's called many more men stupid, fat, slobs, losers, and a huge list of names and no one says a thing. Double standards much?
Do you really have nothing to do than warmongering about "war on women, jut what? We live in peace and obviously there isn't any war, the word war isn't the right word to begin with, to involve this unreasonable need for political activists who don't solve problems, they create them and media is reporting it for it to become a problem. .
I can't believe I actually liked his answer to that question. Trump 2016 ! (America Goes To Hell)
What a disgusting old man
Megyn doesn't even look human without a 3 hour professional makeup job and hair dye
I don't find ANY of those things to be "misogynistic" or "sexist".
Whats wrong with calling a woman you don't like a fat pig, a dog, a slob or a disgusting animal?
Bernie Sanders for president!
Donald Trump can go to hell
FOX NEWS, I HAVEN'T BEEN PAYING ATTENTION TO WHAT YOU HAVE TO SAY CONCERNING PRESIDENTIAL ELECTION!
YOU ARE QUICKLY LOSING MY TRUST IN BEING FAIR AND BALANCED AND BEING TRUTHFUL IN REPORTING THE NEWS.
I AM DISAPPOINTED IN YOU AND FEEL YOU ARE BOWING DOWN TO MONEY!!!
Right on Trump ! We are getting our asses kicked by China Russian and Mexicans, but these useless tolls worrying about the political correctness, and they came up with this stupid question and imaginary 'war on women'. Megan u suck! and Fox News finally joined CNN, NBC the bunch.
still can't tell where his forehead ends and his god awful creature of a hair do begins
Trump's definitely gonna win
This bitch putting trump on blast
This guy tho?
In the war on women, Ted Kennedy has the only confirmed kill.....
I call people who I don't like donald trump. #dumptrump
What about Bill Clinton's extra marital affairs. Megan Kelly's question was not fair.
He's just running 2 get people to buy his stuff. Watch him drop out of the racd.
Bla bla bla
I support trump over that woman
Wow these Republicans are jokes.
WTF is his problem he is a joke.
There's a "war" now. Really?
Fuck Fox News
These comments suck. No one knows how to have a political disagreement. If you disagree with some one the only thing they know how to do is insult them. It's tragic
DAMN, I don't like him, but he's got my vote, he's who we need right now, no more politician bullshit.
No, women are at the head of the 'war on women'
You gotta admit,,,,All Women are whores......though....
Please do not elect Trump, for the love of all that is right and logical in this world, please do no elect Trump.

If Trump is elected then America is truly lost.
To be completely honest donal trump they only reason you say things about women or about latinos is because one you know that they have done way more in their life time then you ever will your americans here in america are out on the street asking for money because they cant get a job etc. Where will you ever see a mexican asking for money never you know why because we come here to America to have a better life & work to get our money not be out on the street asking for the money that their gonna spent on drugs liquor whatever they spend it on you should be thankful for all tge food everything you havr because mostly everything you eat well everything you is thanks to us the Mexicans here in the United states why dont you say that in your speech huh because no because you want to seem right & powerful in what you say when nothing you say are true facts say whats really going on.
Sounded more like Fox News war on Trump.
I loved Donald Trump's answer. Megyn Kelly needs to realize he doesn't just insult women he doesn't like, he has insulted men as well. She wanted to embarrass Trump, but he embarrassed her.
If he becomes president I will get a plane ride into the middle of Canada and lose faith in humanity
Fox news, you are so pathetic. Are you fucking stupid? It's SO OBVIOUS you're bias that it's cringeworthy. You are the WORST and most DISHONEST news station on this planet. You're worse than CNN
Only Bernie Sanders!!! NO TRUMP,sorry but he's a jerk
If you people dont by know realize these networks are controlled as shit, this should be a perfect example.  Clearly the order has been given to try and take Trump down a notch.  They couldnt have tried harder at the debate, and now you see the title of this video.

News media in general is a joke. You see it with either side.
Fox selling out too,,,, sad...Nice going Donald!
Megyn is a bitch!
Is Fox News part of the war on Donald Trump? That's the real question. Seems like the agenda was clear that Fox was out to stomp out his momentum, not just with the attack questions but with the phony coached "focus group" that gave their pretentious feedback after the debate. Get better actors so their answers aren't so obviously scripted next time.
I'm not saying that Americas current president is a "great" president, but I would sure hate to have him as my president. The fact that he is using issues that are important to this country, for entertainment purposes, is not okay.
Donald Trump won the war on women
Donald Trump should be president like Cheese sandwiches should have a layer of cat shit in the middle.
Well if there actually was a war on women, which there isn't, it's just some stupid divisive thing the goddamn liberals made up, then I guess the question may have been relevant.
Trump keeps tooting the same horn... There's more to be discussed than immigration and trade/economic dominance. America has larger problems like infrastructure, education and jobs. Are most people compelled to vote for him because his bluntness? Come on! He'd have to do more if he'd like my vote, and I frankly don't think he has.
I don't want Hillary and I don't want Trump, and it's sad because everyone else is just barely trying to keep up with them. And for those who say it's invalid to bring up Trump's past, but decide it's okay for Hillary's is a hypocrite. If you're running for president, anything's fair gain. Phew... rant over.
The republican party is an embarrassment to humanity.
He will get my vote
Men and women got individual characters or charactersisticsthat make each one unique. When someone dislikes one, it does not mean someone dislikes everyone.
Miss Megan Kelly dislikes Mr Trump, it does not mean she dislikes all men. Or Mr Trump dislikes Miss RO, it does not mean he dislikes all women.
Does Miss Kellyhave a male partner, a female partner , electronic toy or a pet?It is recommended to whoever employed in Fox News must post relevant videos.Health is wealth. Don't be drunk.
considering the sheeple in this country are stupid fucking retards enough to even consider this stupid fucking greedy brainless washed up billionaire bullyas a president leads me to believe they deserve a fucktard looser idiot asshole like this as their leader, you stupid fucking redneck inbred drooling pieces of white trash
I am a progressive liberal, and I therefore do not agree with Donald Trump on most issues.

Fox, you are trying too hard. It is obvious how much Trump's campaign scares you and your corporate sponsors. A Trump nomination means that a Republican will not be elected president next November. So you're doing everything you can to keep your party in political power.

Stop. You're a joke of a news network as it is. Every intelligent, civil human in the country knows that Fox is to news as professional wrestling is to sports. You are, and I can't stress this enough, entertainment for people that share your archaic conservative views. People come to your network for inflation of their own ego, rather than to keep up with current events and expand their understanding of the world.

Megyn Kelly, Bill O'Reilley, Sean Hannity. These people are not journalists. They are merely social commentators. They knee jerk to popular Republican discussion points, feeding their viewers extreme, nonsensical opinions, repeated to the point of false validity.

Fox News isn't the only corrupt news network, but it's certainly the most repulsive on national television. I'll be happy to see it fall apart as the new generation wakes up and, with complete free speech from the Web, collectively catches onto your bullshit.


      ~TheGoldfish
Fuck you Donald trump
Haha! Best answer ever! U got my vote Mr. Trump.....
Donald Trump makes George W. Bush look like a savior.
Watched for the laughs: 
Got some because its Fucks News.
at 0:39 the woman so angry look at her eye. at 1:08 you are good Mr. Donald Trump. I like the way you talk. Thank you.
Savage
VOTE TRUMP. DONALD TRUMP
wow is fox news the new MSNBC? Is fox against the love for America? Looked like she liked Presidential Hopeful Donald Trump but was not allowed too...
Donald Trump is a bit of an idiot and a total asshole..............but GOD DAMN IT if he isn't funny. I am a total liberal and progressive, but dear lord is it refreshing to hear someone speaking honestly even if it is not politically correct. It is the same reason I like Bernie Sanders. If Americans want to send a real message they need to vote for someone other that Hillary or Jeb.

These political dynasties need to end!

Most of these politicians are in the pockets of big money. They make it seem to the public like they are these two vastly different ideologies, but the truth is all of them suckle on the teat of the rich. I am tired of seeing the wealthy send jobs overseas. I'm tired of the only jobs in America now being low wage jobs. Most of all I am tired of this constant B.S. that we hear from our political parties, because 20 minutes after they are elected.....the calls from donors begin coming in and regular Americans do not have the President's private phone number like many of the mega-rich do.
The first person that came to my mind on the " it would be a pretty picture if I could see you on your knees"statement was Bill Clinton. I honestly can't believe how stupid some people talk and could see that comment as a war on women. Did Bill Clinton wage a war on woman while watching Monica get on her knees so he'd actually know what it looked liked.
Do I like or dislike?
Megyn Kelly showed she has the integrity of a streetwalker
Trump Is At War With Stupid Media,,,,Loaded Questions....and At War With Our
" STUPID" Government....Trump Completely Respects ALL Women That Deserve Respect....
He's the fuckin MAN. I'm voting for him twice!!
There is no war on women. They already won. We're too busy destroying what it means to be a man and not just straight white men but all men. It's just not "in" to have a y chromosome right now.
The Faux News bobble-heads got a call from the boss... The BIG Boss, Rupert Murdock, instructing them to attack Trump... Why you ask? Because Murdock wants Jeb as the candidate... Guess what you wrinkled old fart, it didn't work and now watch as Faux News ratings drop faster than those of CNN or MSNBC... You just signed your own epitaph...
Don't ever tell me FOX is a right leaning biased news source again......FOX has been journalistically compromised and infiltrated with leftist saboteurs who are anything but journalists. Megan Kelly is a complete embarrassment and so is FOX for asking and allowingsuch stupid and wasteful questions designed to harm Republican canadites rather then add clarity on where the canadites stand and why on important, current national and internationally relevant matters.
Fuck yeah!!! Trump for president!!!
I was the first caller on the Rush Limbaugh show today. Like I said on the show. I lost all respect for FOX News with the way the moderators "torpedoed" ALL the candidates. There wasn't one straight question asked. Every question was preceded by an allegation of hypocrisy.
 Trump should have smacked that bitch up by pointing out how she's throwing in with the lying left and their made-up war on women. But even if this made up war did exist, don't you think they would have issues more substantive than name calling?
 Oh, and for all those idiots out there who think the circular firing squad that is the Republican primary is a good thing because it preps them for thegeneral election, all I can say is how'd that strategy work out for you last time? FOX newsis the RINO channel. I'm giving up on them. We need a conservative/libertarian broadcast network.
The problem people have with trump whether he is in the right or the wrong is that he is brutally honest and he speaks his mind without fear of reprisals. We need someone who doesn't worry about making political parties happy, even the republicans are worried that he could end up running as a independent.
Fox News paired with Zuckerberg to put on the debate. Did no one see the huge "F" on the stage? The whole thing was a setup to bash Trump. Megan disgraced herself with these obvious tactics. The GOP is targeting Trump bc he is not beholden to their shadowy backers.
Every time there is a question against Donald Trump he suddenly becomes the best roaster off all time
Everyone is taking this man so lightly but it's not going to be funny when he is In office
Not sure if I should dislike because it's Fox News or because Donald Trump is in this video
But rosie odonnel is a fat pig that must smell of cat urine.
its telling that fox is recycling old liberal propaganda that didnt work in the previous election cycle the mid terms of 2014. i hope for their sake it wasnt a real attempt to kill trumps chances . that would mean they are incompetent http://www.bloomberg.com/politics/articles/2015-08-07/fox-news-couldn-t-kill-trump-s-momentum-and-may-have-only-made-it-stronger
Fucking cunt sucking Bush cock.
Fuck u trump
Open This





Like this comment or you will get 7 years of bad luck. Also, why don't you drop me a cheeky sub :)
way to go trump.Anyone here think Donald's trump daughter Ivanka (or whatever her name is) is beeping dam hot? His daughter is hot when she takes a dump is smells like fresh bake cookies. She got some nice big tits
#trumpforpresident
I don't know much about politics but I do know that Clinton is a dried up piece of shit & that this meg lady just got destroyed.
I thought fox news was republicans & shit and they're attacking this guy that I think is a republican? Media is shit anyone defending this lady is what's wrong with this country.
Why does Donald Trump always talk about winning to other countries? What's the point? Shouldn't you tater try to fix your own country first? How about your corruption, your horrible health care, your economy.
Well, now we know why Bill Clinton called Donald Trump. And I agree that political correctness is a problem in this country. Good job, Don. You really earned your banana last night. And if your borderline retardedass ever manages to learn what a joke or a contract is, I'll give you a whole bunch and scratchyour furry head.
At the beginning she said Mr. Drump, possible GameGrumps fan?
the people who like trump are equal to the people who voted for obama and bush TWICE. american politics is a circus. the future looks very dim.  what the hell happened to the pauls?
Amen Mr. Trump.  You have my vote!!!
Trump is #1
What's up Fox? Smearing Trump because the conservatives trust him more than you? Yeah, we know you work for the Republican party, and that that party hates Trump. What you're really saying, however, is that you hate the people, because the people have spoken. They want Trump. Know why? Because he's not a coward like Jeb and all the rest. Yeah, we're leaving you guys behind. You no longer represent conservative values. You too want a world empire. Problem is, we the people don't fit into your goals. So you have to smear the one person who does represent us. Sorry hottie, but we all know that a hot woman with a corrupt heart is ugly all the way through.
I want doctor Ben Carson to win, he's the smartest  candidate (maybe not politically, but definitely IQ) and also, itd be awesome to have a doctor president or president doctor
Why is everybody trying to kick Trump out? We need a president that can speak the truth and only the truth and that's what Trump does!
How can people like this guy?
Trump is a bonified ass hole
Please god no... For the love of all that is good...no Donald Trump. Just because he speaks his mind does not mean he should be president.
It scares me that people actually respect and believe in this man enough to make him the president... Sometimes I am hit with the harsh reality that America has a LOT of ignorant stupid people...
Megyn! I'm a woman and I'm not offended by Donald personal twitter arguments with people who are arguing/ picking trouble with him. I find it hard to believe NO one else in america has ever said someone they knew ate like a pig. Guys ( randy Jackson) call guys DOGS all the time and its perfectly acceptable. Your only truly offended if you are one ( a dog or eat like a pig). You majorly offended me and plenty others last night, So you should be the FIRST to know it's impossible to go through life without offending others! You are the pot calling the kettle black. You were the worst example to women last night than any other so called professional I know of. So Sad!
Trump is a fucking joke he needs to stop trying to be in the spotlight and get a life
There is a difference between not using political correctness and just being an asshole
Politically Correctness is PLAAAYYYED OUT!
He cannot be a president he just know how to control people like every celebrity on tv
donald trump is gonna be the next president
And this is how family guy will be right again if Americans selected this as president is the end
"only, Rosy O'Donnell" Omg, I died a little, in laughter though! ;) He really has no filter.
trump is my boy!
Megyn tried to make Trump look bad and he turned it around on her, I only wish that Trump would of take the oath to stay on the GOP platform. Despite what people think about Trump I feel he's got good point's last night , he didn't win or lose. I think he held his own and should of answered more questions and make us all feel as though he isn't going to pull a Ross Perot and run as a independent .
trump is blind
no it wasn't? Please, fucking media are deforming everything! Dude say he is against illegal immigrant, 10minute later , the media: Trump hate immigrants LOL!!!!
He trolled her with the Rosie O'Donnell remark
lol trump is the man. i hope he wins the election
The only people that would elect this fool, is a bunch of idiots
Im not American, but are some people really going to vote for him? He would be a great stand up comendian tho
Am beginning to admire Donald Trump. If that isn't the work of reptilian Illuminati overlords abound, I don't know what is.
Maybe Trump should give up the presidential run and become americas financial advisor
I don't know what's worse, Donald Trump's hideous fucking comb over, or the fact that he's running for President. Either way, this country is fucking stupid.
THERE IS NO WAR ON WOMEN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Stop the political correct BS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
Donald Trump for president
No one would be worst than obama p e r i o d
why does trump have the same look on his face
In interviews, it's not always the questions that are asked, but how you answer them. How come Trump doesn't get that? Is it because he is his own boss? America is not a company, and I think Mitt finally learned that a few years ago.
The only smart decision Trump made was being born to a rich daddy. When you inherit the kind of money he did it comes with money managers that will make it grow in spite of all the bad decisions he has made since he was born.
"This country doesn't have time for this"? What a miserable excuse to justify misogynistic commentary. Half of the country are women you monumental dimwit, I'm sure they have time to not be oppressed and discriminated against in daily life by idiots like yourself. I really hope Trump's support is ironic, or I really pity them and America if it comes to bear fruit.
Trump is hot air. He's only a leader in the polls because the media gives him so much attention.
First i laughed then i cringed
Haha! I thought I was at Fox News, where the "War on Women" is just something libbruls made up...
All of a sudden, it's a very real thing that you can use to attack candidates that don't tow the party line?
2 birds with one stone: nice deflection, Fox!
They tried to make him look bad its bullshit!!!!!
I'm not a trump fan but I am now rooting for him because everybody in the media has tried to smear this man on b***** look at the first question that was loaded as hell big mistake Fox News. And all the analyst on CNN Fox News everybody says that he hurt himself no he did not you're going to find out that you people in the media with your stupid agenda are wrong he will be number one he will be the nominee for the Republican Party you watch and if he isn't guess what he still has the option to run as an independent. 

Racist woman hater are you f**** kidding me he's part of that old generation that just doesn't know any better they're not into political correctness he just speaks his mind he grew up in a generation where there wasn't very much political correctness he hires all kinds of people are you kidding me...
besides trump is another bush 2.0
Donald Trump: breathes 
Conservatives: OMG!!! YAS!! claps!!
trump does not understand the average worker. he is a rich guy who never worked a 40 hour work week. the voters are not this stupid to vote for a rich man who does not understand the average worker and what they go through everyday. trump is a priviledge guy who thinks he is special and better than the average people. sickening.

the average people want a candidate that relates to them. rich people like trump do not relate or understand to the average workers. Im voting sanders i read some of his ideas and i support sanders hilary no thanks. sanders is the right man for the president job. vote sanders. trump is not the right guy at all. plus he would never win the electoral college vote.
I cannot believe most of you are falling for this political theater.
The amount of uneducated ignorance in this comment section is remarkable. Typical of something containing mostly copycat conservatives that believe everything their party leaders tell them without any sort of thinking or questioning going on, but still incredibly remarkable.
And people actually think Trump's really running for president. This is all just a publicity stunt.
I can't believe people are defending Trump, he is one of the biggest jokes I have ever seen
Who is killing women in a war? The people who are using "war on women" are so far out of touch with the meaning of "war"!
#Trump2016
What a stupid question to ask. That isn't important right now. We need someone like Trump in the White House. He is completely right, America is in some deep shit right now and we need someone to pull us out of it. My vote is for TRUMP!
He is a BIG joke.
It was an Awesome reply to an Awful question.
Like you can't try to bash him he's gonna have that comeback that just hypes the crowd up and turns on his side.
Social Marxistsuse political correctness as a weapon to eliminate free speech and expression. Anyone with the slightest thirst for freedom should reject it outright and shun anyone who shouts the slogans of political correctness in place of preaching the tenets of logic and civil debate.
There's a difference between not being "politically correct" and being a douchebag
Why does Trump always look and sound pissed off?
Fox News......
I'm a big fan of Sanders, but the more I hear shit like this the more I like Trump.
Anybody that has the confidence to be honest and not blatantly lie to people to garner support deserves at least my respect of the basis of that's what politicians do these days.
Is Trump a racist? Maybe, I wouldn't think so, he clearly doesn't like Mexicans, but "Mexicans" isn't a race, and he doesn't have a problem with other denominations of Latino.
Is Trump a sexist? pffft. No.
Is Trump homophobic? Maybe by today's generation he is, I don't agree with his opinions on it, but I wouldn't call him blatantly homophobic. I might call him intolerant though.
Economically, he has some good ideas, standing up for American jobs and saying he'll shut down things like the TPP which I'm a fan of, I don't THINK he'd make a horrible president, I'd just rather have Sanders.
Chinga tu madre trump...
I love how some people think this guy is intelligent. smh.
I wish I could vote in the U.S. elections, after all, what the U.S. do Internationally effects the entire world. Trump seems to be the only real person to govern the United States and the world as the opposition seem to be all wearing horse heads.
trump is juat another american loudmouth who had everything handed to him by daddy. I hope El Chapo gets his wish! americans are so stupid!
I'm moving to Canada so I can stay away from world war 3 when it happens in America because of Donald Trump's racist, sexist, and just down right horrible way of thinking. People are voting for him because they want America to go back to the racist, sexist, and cruelest country it was where white supremacy was the norm. btw she was asking a legit question and you guys blame her for messing up when it was Trump who should be getting the backlash. Sad thing is that America likes his way, BECAUSE WE TOTALLY ARE PAST RACISM AND SEXISM!
K
DOOSH!
Trumps the fucking man.
why you fox fools always trying to drum up war?
FOX news is terrified of Trump.

The Republican party knows that if he doesn't win the nomination, he will likely run as a third-party candidate, which will very likely mean that Hillary is our next President. If Trump wins the Republican nomination, the idea that he might actually get elected will get all the Liberals who don't usually vote to turn up in record numbers, which will likely mean that Hillary is our next President. Trump has no idea that he's the best thing that's happened to the Democratic party in decades.
Just because someone makes fun of or insults someone they disagree with, and that someone happens to be a woman, does not mean that the someone is a misogynist, It just means that they think the person they disagree with is enter insult used here , not that all women are.
fuck you Donald trump you need to be on your fucking knees letting women beat you up for being sexist
im Puerto Rican, and i got to say, trump got my vote for president!! i think that he is the most economically experience candidate for presidency, and that's what we really need to fix the economi problem that we're having right now in this country of opportunities, my land, my home and my country.. VOTE FOR TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT!! 2016
War on women because he said some nasty things about someone who attacked him first? Wow, if you consider Megyn is from fox and this youtube channel is fox. Their strawman agenda is quite clear.
Restricting speech in order to placate the emotional sensitivities of others is dangerous. There are too many people in the world who lack the emotional maturity to hear a differing political opinion without taking it as a personal insult. If we are to adhere to the tenets of political correctnessi.e. that communication can only occur as long as everyone is comfortablethen we risk stifling legitimate free speech.
Look at all these leftover fox news fanboys.
Your misogynistic and racist bullshit is dying off, deal with it.
All I see here is a bunch of derp jarhead wannabe's that the rest of us put in little cages we call prison after they beat their wives and rape their daughters.
None of you are welcome in our society, go make another bitchboy nation with your hick cousins in Texas.
The country is on the road to failure if Trump wins the election...I cant believe people are actually thinking of voting for him.... but whatever, let people with goals and ambitions thought to be less just because of nationality! This coming from a very young citizen of the US.
considering their foreign policy I can easily say they've got no brains.
Megan made too much of the debate about her. She was borderline obnoxious.
I heard the whole part of the on the knees incident and megan Kelly is a dirt bag   She corrupted a chance for a good debate. Why was there so much hype about George Stephanopolis being a moderator when she acted worse than he would. She has gone dem on us
We live in the society in which speaking out against a woman is sexism, speaking out against a non-Caucasian is racism and speaking out against a homosexual is homophobia.

Fuck political correctness if it stifles creativity and logic. In what world do we live in where misandrists are paraded as feminists and misogynists are condemned?
"..the big problem this country has is being politically correct... I don't have time for total politically correctness... this country doesn't have time for it either."
Well done, Mr. Trump. Standing ovation from the crowd, and I say to those who can't deal with those facts, I guess you aren't ready for real life.
For the first time Trump is making rational sense!
Haha watching this video and this comment I always thank god that I don't live in USA...








I live in Venezuela and it's worse :(
when obama stated that cambridge police acted stupidly in 2009 he had to apologize. But when trump says rude racist things about mexicans no body calls him out instead people PUT him in the lead
You people are the problem..."we loose to China, we loose to mexico, both in Trade and at the border"!!!!!!!!!!! That is his mindset,to ignore the sociopolitical issues damaging this Country-NOT and I repeat not some irrelevant war against those crossing our borders...Seriously...I won't even repeat our Country's credo... How about these more important facts...

The U.S. ranks #26 overall for "Child Well-Being." This overall rank includes: #26 for "Material Well-Being"; #28 for "Child Poverty Rates"; #25 for "Health and Safety"; #26 for "Infant Mortality Rates"; #26 for "Low Birthweight"; #22 for "Immunization Rates"; #27 for "Educational Well-Being"; #27 for "Preschool Enrollment Rates"; #25 for "Participation in Further Education"; #16 for "Educational Achievement by Age 15"; #29 for "Overweight"; #2 for "Exercise"; #29 for teen-pregnancy rates; #1 for "Alcohol" (U.S. receives the top rank for absence of drunkenness); #4 for "Smoking" (again, absence); #11 for "Fighting"; #12 for "Being Bullied"; #23 for "Housing"; #27 for "Homicide"; #3 for (lack of) "Air Pollution"; #23 for children's self-reported "Life Satisfaction"; and #28 for "Relationships with Parents and Peers." -Huffington Post
If he is elected, I'm moving to Germany.
if donald trump dies ill celebrate
Donald Trump's platform is going to be to destroy political correctness after elected.
A noble effort considering ISIS, Russia and Chinese aggression, the economy, and a whole multitude of issues this country faces. Well, that's what I got out of the debate..
Hilary Clinton has been saying there is a 'war on women'? What a lying witch. I know she'll say anything to get elected, but I'm shocked that more people aren't on to that sort of cheap ass tactic.
It's not so much a vote for the other people, as much as it's a vote against trump
Donald Trump is a hypocritical, obnoxious, loud-mouthed, thin-skinned, boastful, shameless and throughly repulsive man. Why anyone would want him to be president is beyond me. He is the sum total of everything I despise. I hope he wins the nomination since he will consign the Republican Party to electoral oblivion.
Mark my words Trump is going to be president and then someone is going to kill him just like what happened with Kennedy
War on women? How come you guys always declare war on something you don't like?
But we never hear war on poverty? or war on the homelessness?
One surer ire way to put Hillary in office. If the Republican Party backs this guy.
Is this guy like mentally ill????
There isn't a war on women.
In the words of Bugs Bunny 
" What a Maroon"
The man calls women fat pigs brags about bribing politicians and taking advantage of the system. I am sure he will be a brilliant president. Dream on
If I had a penny when every time Donald Trump  said Mexico it would be a million I hate Donald T_T
They're both idiots in my opinion. The very concept of Political Parties, of Left and Right wings, or anything like that produces a stupid "Us vs Them" mentality that does nothing but pit people against each other in petty arguments and meaningless slander-fests.
He is the war on poor ppl..
Liberals starting already, yrump is a threat thats why
Donald Trump is quixotic to say the least, and not my pick for a Pres by a long shot...however, that being said, He was right about needing brains in the government.
Donald has said equally bad thing against men in the past.Why should women be immune to insult this is not 1815 in some gentleman's club in London, where one dare not insult a ladies honour.
Wow Fox, your bias shows through big TIME!! Firstly, you attack Trump during the debate and offering questions without sustenance and now you post this? What happened to being fair and balanced? That question was a rhetorical joke.
I think he's plotting against himself. He regrets running for president and is talking shit so he doesn't get voted for..
Megan lost me on that question. With all the issues that are life changing they throw that crap out. The women he spoke about wanted to call him whatever they wanted. He responded. He tells it like it is. Would you call Rosie a skinny pig? Not if you didn't need glasses or a circus mirror.
I like how we were sort of making a liberal turn in direction with this country and then he comes along and now the conservative Trump who, I may remind you, is an idiot, is leading the republicans. I don't really like republicans at all, but this is worse. Come on America! Trump is NOT a good option.
Trump is such a steaming pile of shit.
It's not going to work, Faux News. We are not buying into your 'war on Trump'. You and that disgusting animal, Luntz, with his fake focus group can't do a god-damn thing about this freight train that is about to run over the establishment!! We will no longer be victims of media manipulation, Fuck off and die! #Trump2016
Spoken like a true bastard. Mr. Trump just got fired.
this guy makes me like him more every time I hear him. Trump 2016 anyone who thinks otherwise hates this country and are losers.
Trump is a man's man, he doesn't cower to the PC Feminist and neither should anyone else. The feminist movement brought us abortion on demand as a right, high divorce rates and a bunch of angry and miserable women who will grow old by themselves.
This man is dangerous. Dont let him win
Trump is more of a child who throws tantrums when he doesn't get his way than he is orwill ever be a president. Absolute joke.
Does anyone honestly think there's an actual "War on Women" in the western world?
We need to return the entire business to USA. To Help US citizen to work. Donald Trump the next president
The only war on women was starred by Megyn Kelly and fox news.  Trump 2016
Megyn Kelly siding with a liberal Rosie smh
Well despite he attacked Hispanic-Immigrants and African-Americans as well es for almost no reason (a lot of criminals detained in the US are of Hispanic and African-American heritage), he was damn right in that question.

And it was honest. Probably the majority of politicans are dishonest these days, but he said the truth this time. I gotta give him this.
Megan, honey bunch....try walking the streets of Saudi Arabia, Iran, Iraq, Afghanistan, Yemen, etc - dressed like that and I bet someone will kill you in less than 3 minutes. There's your war on women!!!!!!!!!!
It isn't about political correctness.  It's about whether we should choose someone to represent our entire country who resorts to juvenile name calling when he gets mad. Can you even imagine him having mature heated discussions with other world leaders. Yeah, me either.
Trump is a clown.  He is unqualified to hold any position of leadership.  His supporters are misguided, uninformed, mostly under-educated, angry white dudes.  His "candidacy" is a sad spectacle for our country.  Can he please just go away already?
Megyn Kelly bad job
Fucking lizards
Clearly unfair question. I'm sure I said worse things about both sexes, if you were to only say I said it without context. The things quoted was for Rosy, I remember that - she kinda does look like a pig:D
F$ck you Donald trump.
she should add more purple to her cheeks, and glue some black-painted broom bottoms to her existing glued on set of eyelashes.
You wanna make it so that men respect you, women? Don't do ridiculous-ass shit like this costume makeup she's got going on. Have more serious priorities than looking pretty. You're already 65% of college graduates anyway, and for the same work and same experience, you make just about the same amount of money. And you have the exclusive right to choose the fate of a man's finances if you've gotten a hold of his sperm.
When female suicide exceeds male suicide, then you'll have a talking point.
Trump = savage
This guy is an a hole
Ronald McDonald just lost my vote! Rand Paul 2016
Everyone in the comments kissing Donald's ass
Donald Trump, the GOP, and Fox News all belong to a race of reptilian overlords
he is the biggest ego maniac ,and in this debate he didn't answer any question..
in fact he didn't have an answer for any question.
when Chris asked "do you have a prove that the Mexican Gov send .drug dealers .rapers ,etc Trump said yes I have a prove ...Chris asked him "can you share us some" Trump said "when a went to Texas right at the border ,people told me that"...That's is a "hearsay" any judge can tell you that's a "hearsay" is not a fact ,is not a evidence....and this is one example how stupid Trump is .
it would be funny isDonald Trump in the future will be responsable for ww3 the end of the world the univers will laugh at us
Trump owned Megan Kelly - I'm tried of this "war on women" crap. Visit the middle eat for 1 day and come back and tell us about the real war on women. Shame on you fox.
I support Donald Trump 100%!!! I am a woman and I am ashamed of such stupid questions made by a supposedly "intelligent" woman!!
who in the right freaking mind is going to vote for a clown like trump anyway? he hates latinos, veterans and now women too. Mr.trump you're fucked!
cough cough Trump hires his audience cough geez I think I caught AIDS from listening to this pig lipped douche.
Trump can help us. "we need strength, we need energy, we need quickness, we need brain" look at george w. bush the most dumbest american... he never showed examples of an of those nor leadership. Is George W. Bush the example you want for your kids? Trump is the man and he put that feminazi hoe in her place.
Donald Trump is my hero.
Donald you are a boss
I heard Trump just called her a 'bimbo' on twitter. Once again, if Donald had simply answered that he loves women, this wouldn't be an issue, but instead he freaked out on Megyn, and now he is just making things worse for himself. He had a chance to look all cool on the 'Apprentice' once a week, now he gets to look like a sexist orangutan asshole every single day. I love it personally! On another note, I think it is sad that he decided to start the whole Rosie O'Donnell feud again in front of a national audience. He can't beat Rosie. Rosie will just make fun of his ugly ass again and again and again until one of them drops dead.
Trump is real. The candidate you like is thinking it and laughing behind your back. He's not the best but a step in the right direction. Vote Trump!
The more Trump ticks off the establishment, the more popular he becomes with everyone else like me, that is sick and tired of being lied to. The 'comb over' comes across straight, vain no doubt, but truthful. It's like a breath of fresh air.
Hell yea y'all lose to Mexico puto u should be ashamed
I love him lol
I never ever thought I would find myself agreeing with Megyn Kelly and Fox News. Pretty sure Trump is just here to implode the GOP from the inside out. Hey, let him have at it, the world would be a FAR better place.

If you think Trump or any of these dumbasses deserve to be president, you're going to be sad when everyone else laughs them aside at the polls. None of these people have your interests at heart, and they never have, They will continue to play divide and conquer bullshit while marginalizing the middle class and the poor. You are doing no one any favors by voting Republican in 2016.
I vote for hilary.
This country needs a man like this. A straight forward person, who clearly was successful in life because of his strive to get things done the right way and once. Sure, he shares his thoughts with no remorse, but this country really needs a factor to put it back in the right direction.
A man that can stand there, and speak the truth, and not be afraid of the sheep who get offended at everything is the man for the job. He's right, and doesn't give a shit if you are offended. If you don't like what he is saying, then vote for someone else. It's that simple.
Trump vs Tramp
haha this should be on the comedy channel.
God he is such a fucking douchecanoe
"We don't have to be politically correct" AKA: Let's go back to the way things were in the 18th century.
We might not have time for political correctness, but I'm pretty sure we still have time for actual correctness, which is something trump is missing
Vote my goldfish for president.
Hahaha. Do you know why politicians are politically correct? It's for votes. Go ahead Donald don't be PC....it will cost you votes. Women votes and Latino votes. If he becomes the republican candidate he will lose and another democrat will be president. Go Trump!!!
Goddamn Trump is fully loaded and firing shots.
You know what, I don't know why I would've expected the man who owned the Miss America pageant for 19 years, to be able to give a response better than those who are in said pageants. I'm sorry but this is isn't about political correctness, it's about your misogynistic attitude, so how bout you answer the actual question that is being asked of you.
Megyn Kelly's kind of woman is Rosie? "no it's not" she says; she's thinking of Caitlyn? 
poor Megyn, she can dish it out, but can't take it.
How you all can defend Trump?! Really blows my mind. Maybe Carson was wrong in saying just some politicians had half their brains taken out.
If Trump wins I'm moving to Canada.
This guy is scary...and a significant part of his audience too....
Fox News republican debate
Republican debate
REPUBLICAN debate 
REPUBLICAN 
Nope.
There isn't even a "war on women" what is this feminist bullshit?!?
Her question was justified. If he really made the comments she named, it's not a question of "political correctness"  just as it's no question of "political correctness" to make racist comments on people or jokes on disabled people. It's no mere formalism, it's a display of attitude. The attitude of a politician is what determines his/her present and future actions. If this is his attitude  to evade criticismwith primitive rhetorics lacking any substantial statement on the critique itself  this man has then revealed his style of leading in pretty much every aspect. He should mind however that while he can apparently act up at home  in foreign policy a lack of "political correctness" can destroy relationships.
we going to be in war if he wins
futhermore trump doesnt just call women names he also calls men names this isnt a discrimitive point
There is no "war on women", you dumb cunts. Western women are the most coddled, pampered people in the world. Go Trump!
Trump Rules !!
"What?! I can't be an asshole and say ignorant and offensive shit? I hate this PC nonsense"  - Idiot Trump supporters
No Trump fan, but doesn't everyone make fun of this guy for HIS appearance? Why is this shit about appearance only controversial when directed at women?
Everybody here who is insulting her and calling her a "feminist" are sexist pigs, she is doing her job by asking those questions and all he can do is babble on and try to avoid the questions being asked.
It is ABOUT TIME SOMEBODY TOLD IT THE WAY IT IS! TRUMP 2016
Megyn Kelly check your white femaleprivilege!
This is 2015 & misandry goes uncheckedI can't even believe it.
Yeehaaa - Nice reply Trump :-)
It is impossible to take that ignorant joke seriously.
What kind of president would he be if he called other world leader fat pigs and told them to go on their knees?
IMHO, he doesn't hate women, he has made brash and personal comments about both men and women. If you cross him, he speaks his mind. I can respect that.
Stupid unrealistic question, the type that exemplifies the farce that politics and media have been since either of them existed...that is, until this candidate came along.
Hell fucking yah #Trump2016
Fox news is part of the war on America.
The old ask a question to attach a label to someone trick. Trump has help more women through his pagents than most women and I'm guessing all men. Trump loves women.
you go trump
First of all, she is a reporter, and what do they do, they ask questions. No matter how stupid they may sound, she asked him about war on  feminism, and what is his response to every question; the US is being left behind on trade by Mexico and  China. In my opinion he only cares about money and money alone. He doesn't care about the people and what they  want, he says he's going to fix it but doesn't say how. And to evade every question he uses the same answer to everything.
Excellent response lmao
Trump 2016!
Donald is amazing!!!!!
Dodges the question like a pro
Okay guys,  lets ignore the fact that a man who wants to run for president has verbally harassed women publicly for the past- well no, probably all of his life, and his apology was instead a turn on words to say it was "political correctness." That's not a burn, to me that's cowardly.
Fox news fair and balanced? Fuck you Fox.
People who have a siege mentality are usually convinced the somebody is out to get them. That's a natural consequence of using their own personal insecurity and/or lack of self respect as an excuse for attacking others. It's just another form of guilty conscience . . .  and well deserved..
Doesn't have time for total political correctness, but wants to be president. Excuse me, people are cheering for this fuck?
Trump is awesome
he is not part of the war on anything he is just an idiot with a bank account big enough to have a voice and we are then forced to listen
I'm reading the comments and I can't believe so many people support Donald Chump. I thought Brazil had bad politicians, but this... This is a whole other level of shameful candidates.
this is a debate megyn for questions to all panel members to debate,lets leave the soap opera out of it.For the country to see who has best answers for the country.also when Trumps ex wife came forward to say the rape never happened u continued after this story
War on women?They've had education for a century, voting rights for half that, they still don't invent shit. They won't do any labor, they work the easiest jobs and demand equal pay, they shit out babies and become single mothers and they're considered "strong and independent." America treats women like adult children.
I hate Fox News and I hate Donald Trump. I don't know how to feel about this
Hands down, Donald Trump has more integrity in his pinky than Kelly has in her whole, malnourished, slimy body.
He is comedy gold...haha...love him or hate him comedy gold.  FoxNews did a hit job on him...guess this came from Rupert.
Why is everyone bagging on Megyn? She didn't write the questions, she is only reading what the people are asking.
FUCK WHITE TRASH ASS DONALD TRUMP!!!!! DONALD TRUMP NEW NAME IS .(RASCIST RALPH). MEGAN IS A WHITE FEMINIST CUNT!!! SO FUCK THAT NASTY WHITE BITCH TO!!  VOTE VO 2016!!!
Hey Megan, I'd shut up if I were you. Donald might just buy the FAA and get you and your broom grounded.
BERNIE SANDERS FOR PRESIDENT
If this monkey gets elected America will be alienated by every country because of his arrogance. We live in a globalized world. He is a business man not a politician.
Your a whore Megyn Kelly.
Why is this guy acting like he is already President! Like Btch Niqqa you aint got no Power.
I personally do not like Trump, but I do totally agree with his statement about political correctness. It's the same reason Jerry Seinfield stays out of colleges now because it ruins his comedy acts and stuff like that is just sad. Also I hate how the woman only talks about the womens side.... Typical of most popular mainstream feminists, but what they don't see is I'm sure he says denouncing things to men as well. He's a businessman.
I do believe that the U.S. has bigger political issues, but that doesn't give Trump or ANY man the right to treat women like complete and utter crap.
We need an actual man in the whitehouse again.

Trump 2016
FUCK FOX NEWS, trump is brilliant
Are Americans really considering this misogynistic immature spoiled buffoon as their next president? thought Americans had learned from past mistakes, guess not... I now understand why America is a big joke for many.
Megyn Kelly would be better off sitting around the table as a member of The View than on Fox News.
That's not a war on women. Gender selective abortions are a war on women.
This Broad is the definition of a "REAL CUNT", has  no business being a moderator in any debate. A moderator has no right to an opinion, asking questions is the rule. I wonder is she pegging her husband with a big PINK Dildo after this SHIT SHOW. This is what you get with JUU controlled mainstream MEDIA.
Megyn Dummy..we know the carpet doesn't match the drapes
What an arrogant son of a bitch
Get over it people. Did you really think you were getting a real debate. This is all smoke and mirrors so as not to address specific solutions to the problems we face. The Democratic "debates" will be the same. "Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain".
Trump doesn't have the class or style needed to represent the United States, too brash and vulgar ... he scares me
Hitlery KKK Clinton is deep in bed with Islamofascists.
Trump made her look silly...lol
Why would Trump call women pigs, disgusting animals, etc???? That is so rude, dude! 
I'm a boy, but another team member, 2Kool4U is a girl and unhappy with this. You know what? 
Everyone at the IndyBoy28 Gaming Team said
Hillary is the one,
Trump is a chump!
I love the misogynisticand racist conservatives telling me racism and sexism is dead.
Islam is the war on women and everybody else on the planet.
Amen
WHY THE FUCK DO PEOPLE APPLAUD THIS FUCK?!
If you think Donald Trump is part of the war on women you're a f**** idiot. he's part of an older generation that just doesn't pay attention to politically correct statements he is outdated he is not a hater. Pay real close attention to the news media, before they never mentioned other networks or other anchors on other networks but since this debate they mention Meghan Kelly all over the other news media and most of the women are defending her now, all of a sudden Fox News is prestigious megyn kelly an attorney the author they shower her with accolades and it's still Fox News or did the liberal media forget.
If people vote for this idiot the U.S will be ruined
She got owned and burned.
Maybe someone should explain to the lovely Ms. Kelly what the real war on women is .. she missed the mark. Had great opportunity to shine ... but as usual BABE TV Fox News ..
Go TRUMP GO!!!!
This is like the worst list of canidates in history. The U.S is fucked
War on Women? She must think this is Saudi Arabia, actually Megan, it's the war on freedom of expression and the freedom of speech and you're part of that leftist PC that is trying to shut down the churches as well. Obviously, Murdoch has swung further to the left with the hiring of these lefties who are trying to turn the GOP into moderates
'The more the media grills this man, the more I'm beginning to see how pretentious and persecutory the media and "social norms of PC thought" have become. Yes Trump is crude, but why shouldn't a person with this type of personality become great and do good in the world and for this country. After all plenty of conniving liars with "good manners and erudite " are accepted and elected to office without question. And all the names she alleges he has used...lets face it in this day and age there are many women who would fit that bill perfectly.
Megan Kelly got OWNED.

I don't like Donald Trump as a president but I admire his "I take no shit" personality.
Megyn Kelly has little credibility as a journalist. She should have asked other questions .. we know that Trump is a jerk lol
Does anyone think that if Stephanolepis were asking the question it would be different? At some point the GOP will have to directly debate the Dumbascrap front runner. Dancing around their records will not get it done. As for Trump, he would have been asked that, now it's behind him.
Trump loves women! Megyn Kelly disgraced women by being so silly to ask such a vicious question. looked to me that she was making war against men. this attack on Trump was very disturbing. especially hypocritical since FOX doesn't hire anything but "news babes," of which she is one and wouldn't ever got the job if she wasn't. she can't have it both ways! she has entitlement issues!!
This question is irrelevant. Great reply. Fox treated him unfairly.
Should Change the video to "Donald Trump roasts Megan Kelly"
Wow, Fox News/Republican Party are trying desperately to Sink Trump. They want to clear the way for that limp noodle Jeb Bush.
He is a filthy pig. There is no way he's going to be president
Trump is so dumb lol
I shall now call trump.....bullworth
DONOAALD TIS A MEN HOE WHO DOSENT DESERVE TO BE PRESIDENT HE IS ASLUTHY BITCH THAT CAN SUCK MY DICK.

NO APOLAGISE
Fox will do anything to stop the candidacy of someone who "isn't supposed to win".
I know Jon Stewart just did his last show yesterday, but Is it just me or can anyone else hear him making jokes in the back of their minds? 
[New Yorker voice] "Yeah, calling women fat pigs and disgusting animals is all meant as fun and games, ya know? How can anyone misconstrue that? I don't think you're being very nice Megyn Kelly, you should think about what you say before you say it because you're a public figure. What's the word for that? It's right on the tip of my Trump Tongue." [Stewart stares into camera] "Oh, like, being politically correct?"
"only rosie odonell" i laughed sooo hard
I don't know what is all the fuss about megyn Kelly but this is the most I ever seen her so laid back.
Hmm, I want to hear more from him.
Trump Fiorina 2016
This isn't political correctness. This is gross chauvinism of a callus egomaniac. Women are little more than an object to him, but I doubt he sees anyone any other way either.
Such a cunt
Trump just triumphed over this try hard tramp
r  ''''- ,,
/  _ " ,,_
/k  '  
. l /  `
 l .l/l
. l -' 
_".
',"",,  "`l
. ' ` ( / /
` _` '' "
 ''


Rosie O' Donnel is watching...       <*oink*>
who gives a crap if he said some woman would look good on her knees..did he defend a rapist who he knew was guilty of child rape? Who's done that? Hillary. Which is worse..saying a sexist comment or defending a man who you know raped a child and getting him off the hook?  He got 2 months(time served before the trial).  Who's waged a war on women of Trump and Hillary?? http://townhall.com/columnists/johnhawkins/2015/03/14/hillarys-war-on-the-women-who-boinked-bill-n1970596/page/full
The powers of evil around you are no match for the power of Jesus within you. - The Standoff http://odb.org/h9n/
Best moment of the night. If the media spent as much time looking into what our corrupt government is doing instead of bashing Trump people would be a little more educated about our country and the ongoings of those who run it.
TRUMP 2016
[X]Rekt   [   ]Not Rekt
ISIS,illegals & liberals are the biggest threat to women and if you agree you are labeled racist.
feminist whore and a turd debating. sigh
Trump just bitch slap Megan Kelly, now she have to be on her knees and give him head to get her job back.
If Megin was fat, she woudn't be on Fox. Donald Trump was not treated fairly on the debates.
their is no war against women but their is a war against men we need trump as president
As if you didn't embarrass yourself enough last night FOX, you do it again today with this post.
Sounded like Dr.Evil when he said "Rosie O'Donald" lol even looks him too lollololol
hell yeah for trump!
Megyn is a bimbo. She is on Fox because of her looks. Feminist snake/nazi
It is all about entertainment.
What a stupid question. I thought it seemed personal when this was brought up last night. Now to see it on here like this? Come on Fox News and Megyn Kelly. Trump my be classless at times. But war on women? Not! Start reporting news not gossip
Trump they aren't laughing with you, they're laughing at you
As much as I think trump running for president is a joke, I have to say that answer was spot on. I think we can all agree that Rosie O'Donnell is a hideously unidentified creature.
There's a war on women???!!!
Donald Trump's rhetoric needs to be stopped! #StandwithRand
Fox News is part of the war on Donald Trump
What a absolute badass
Weren't Fox the same guys that were saying there was no war on women? Looks like Fox is going liberal.
HAH I notice you people agreeing with mr trump all happen to own a set of testicals but not a brain..sad to see
Fox is a vipers nest of amnesty shills.Rupert Murdoch(owner of Fox) hates TRUMP because Murdoch loves amnesty and sellout trade deals(Trump is opposed to both).BOYCOTT FOX.  Be sure to come to my TRUMP community and show you support for Donald Trump:
https://plus.google.com/communities/105045141516775240108
Fox News and Megyn Kelly are a joke.
CANT STUMP THE TRUMP!!!!!
I'm going to say it right out, I don'tused to notlike Donald Trump! But, that doesn't mean he wouldn't make an outstanding leader of this country.You don't have to like a person to follow them! as a matter of fact.. you can down right hate a person and still follow them into hell. He's the only candidate that hasever told it the way it is.But mostamericans today,don't want to hear the truth, because thenthese people have to deal with that truth, and they don't want that.But he don't care what thesepeople think. I think, deep down, in my soul.. he would fix the many,many things that arebroken in this country.I, for one, would love to see him as president... CLEAN HOUSE! Get the garbage out of this government. Keep the few good people and throw the rest in a dumpster where they belong. He is completely right in what he said here! Ya know why he would make a great president.. because he wouldn't be afraid tomake the tough decisions without pissing off "political correctness" assholes. He's right, catering to that bullshit (Walking on egg shells)hasdrastically weakened the shit out of this country. YOU GOT MY VOTE DONALD TRUMP !
he is just a smokescreen to eat up time till .... Surprise!!!!!!! Cankles Clinton is new pres.
Mark my words sheep
Yeah! So shut up megan!
TRUMP IS AN AMERICAN HERO.
The misogynists love him.
" War on Women "

When the fuck did that become a thing in the US? Or is it just because Hillary's running?...
Another reason why Trump is awesome! They try to knock him down and he keeps nailing it with the best response ever.
Trump is right........this is about America.......not woman. I sure he was only joking about those comments
He also calls all the women in his beauty pagents "His girls" like they are his whores.If they were not the weight he wanted them to be he humiliated them on national television with a press conference . He mentioned that he got divorced to one wives becaus she wanted to spend time with him and he said that he isn't going to go home and hold her hand and be that kind of husband. So bascially he just wants a wife to F*&#@ and nothing else. Also when he slammed Rosie O'D, if we all remember, he was afraid of this lesbian because she was successful, donated and raised more money to charities than he did ,and told her he would "steal her wife away from her."
I don't know. The political correctness thing is definitely a hot topic right now and no politician is really addressing it and Trump is the perfect guy to lead the campaign against it, but the liberals are going to be pushing the war on women thing hard and his comments might be fuel for people to try and turn this into some kind of war of the sexes.  That was a great response and Megyn Kelly just tried dismissing it.
Trump also calls plenty of men names. Who's making a distinction now?
The main thing i like about this dipshit is the animal on his head.
- Even Bill O'reilly has questioned Trump about some of his comments
- Respect towards women is not "political correctness" it's general decency
- I hope people here treat their mothers, wives, sisters, and daughters better than
they are treating Megan Kelly, even when you disagree with what they say
- A large proportion of women will not vote for him based off of this comment alone
- More than half of the population is female and women tend to vote more than men
FOX really bent over too CNN MSNBC types trying to shake a FALSE image of themselves. Guilt tripping tactics work on weak minded sheeple.
I LOVE BIG DADDY DON!!
Most on-line polls from Time Magazine to the Atlantic are showing even these comments have not impacted his lead. The question asked at the beginning of the debate "Is there anyone on stage who is unwilling to pledge your support to the eventual nominee of the Republican Party, and pledge to not run an independent campaign against that person?" was not asked at the first debate in 2011. They even reversed the question so the show of hands would represent a negative condition "anyone unwilling to pledge your support". Probably phrased as such because it's less impactful to have Donald Trump the only one not raising his hand... FOX News is going to continue to be very hard on Trump. They likely want to do everything they can to get him to go Independent ASAP so that they can devote more air-time to future the Republican nominee and mitigate the division of the party caused by Trump's current lead. What's funny about this is how transparent it makes FOX News when it comes to manipulation. If Mr. Trump holds out on going Independent the Republican party will have little choice but to nominate him or face that catastrophic division that would guarantee the Democrat candidate a win. It was a entertaining moment when Trump pointed out most of the candidates on the panel had taken donations from him and returned favors. He's challenging the corruption of American politics that for too long we have accepted as the norm. That message will resonate strongly with both Democrats and Republicans. I believe he stands a chance of winning even if runs Independent. Of course the big question is what if he wins? His message is "Make America great again" but what if the seemingly unbalanced trade agreements are just part of the globalization efforts that keep World War III from occurring? What if he's overvaluing the US on the global stage in 2015? we are a very long way from the golden era following World War II. What if things are really so bad under the hood that these national agreements are really all that's holding things together? If that's the case a non-politician like Trump could destroy everything. But even then would that be so bad? If there is a facade it needs to be removed and no politician would ever do that.
Cheap shot Donnie.
Question for the next debate: name one policy by president Obama you can agree with.
Is American polatics really like this!????
There is no "war on women"

lol get real
There is no war on women. This is just fabrication to keep people employed in a movement that has done nothing for women since the 60's. There is no campus rape culture. The 50% rape number compares to my 8 years of college and having campus press talk about one assault in a parking lot next to non-campus apartments. Inventing in their own minds a world not a part of reality is what these movements do at this time. Pretending there is a war on women to play up a victim role by lying and fabricating data simply means they lie to themselves and everyone else ignores them.
MIKE KElly,,,is she a he,,,who could avoid the adorability of the DON! She's a plant, I mean, he is a Caitlyn.................
president trump  megan on her knees
Donald Trump is the first REAL MAN With a SACK of Nuts since The ROn,,,,kick some arz Don,,,and tell the "Mike Kelly queer freak balls" too take a hike! GO DON,,,a clone of Ron,,,but sweeter and better!
whats wrong with u muricans? Is this an actual candiate? No wonder everyone makes fun of u
You absolutely cannot tell me that MEGAN Kelly is really MIKE Kelly,,,I mean too tell you any REAL WOMAN, ADORES TO "DON!" Jeez, any man turned onto her, is a "queer!"
I thought the question was fair enough considering the answer was so damn easy. Instead, he tried to equate political correctness with insulting women. Do you guys really expect this issue not to come up? He is one of the most insulting people onthe planet andnow he iscryingfor beingcalled out for it in a presidential debate.. he is a fucking child.
Not even american, but concerned that this lunatic may become president. I doubt he will find an eloquent and level headed solution to the bad relationships with Russia.
Ladies & Gentlemen : America...big joke =) everybody in this world (and probably the universe) are laughing at you right now.
Is she implying that Rosie O'dykell is not a fat pig?
megyn kelly should be embarrassed saying something so unprocessional at a presidential debate. go donald trump
You all understand that supporting this man makes you all just as fucking stupid as he is, correct?
Donald got so much swag. I swear he is a fucking rapper, lmfao. Too bad they won't let him run. I'm convinced he would walk on stage at presidential debates to "Migos" with Versace and jewelry all over. Wrists talking, neck talking. "Politically Correct" is his debut album name......coming soon to iTunes.

Motha fucka
Women are stupid cnnts and should be in burqas and tied up in the basement. Kelly and Hillary prove it.
Cheap,  lacks decency, cunningly abusive,  back stabbing piece of trash Megyn Kelly apparently is more suited for the oldest profession than as a moderator.
The Fox retards
Kelly is just another typical spoiled sexist female. How many men could get away with asking questions about benefitting only males? War on women my ass.
Yeah stand up to that ugly skinny skank, go Donald you got my vote!!!!!!!
i didn't realize there's a war on women. There isn't a war on women.
The Meggggan Kelly's 15 seconds are done.
He is part of a the war from satan to the end the last shame in humanity. Now the crooks have lost all shame, and are out braging about it and telling people its a good thing to be. And people is starting to call evilness, a good thing, and to see criminals and crooks as saviors of people, and now, they see the false ones as liders of humanity and for united states.. Becomig cinycs, shameless and proud of their own evilness, and of everything that is crooked, like the money lovers, the criminals and their supporters, and of those who are against the laws of humanity and against the laws of God.
The fact that people are actually supporting this arrogant asshole sickens me to the core. He's literally just a shit talker on Twitter. It's so funny that this man thinks he's so smart, so cunning, and so tough... he is the living stereotype of what other countries think of us. Arrogant, egotistical, racist, greedy etc. Whenever he says something horrid about someone it's ok, but he can't stand it when he's on the other side. He's a child. America is this what you want?
People always talk about "left wing conspiracies", but last night the way they went after trump was clearly a right wing conspiracy! The moderators were put up to this. Can any Republican still cry about Crowley when this goes on in their own party? There is also NO chance that any moderator in the national Presidential debates would levy crude attack after attack against one candidate. Fox has always had an agenda and Trump is clearly not part of that agenda.
XXI century people
Love it...Trump is the new rawtalent... Let's go get-em Trump America!
I was shocked Kelly attacked him like that
"You speak your mind and don't use politician's filter"

Proceeds to avoid the question and make a vague comment about "what we need".
Vote trump to make America great again.
Can't stump the Trump
Hey Fox News, Fuck you. You're not fair and balanced - that was some bullshit and you got your asses handed to you anyway. Trump style, ho.
Filthy piece of shit. The GOP is a fucking joke.
Donald Trump straight up said stop bitching about your feelings there are more important things in this world.
"only Rosie O'Donnell" was the best answer of the night!!! I laughed so hard!!!!! GOOOOO TRUMP! I like him better than ever!!!!!!!!
Fox = trump haters
Looks like I ended up on the weird side of the internet again, where women's right is equal to militarized feminism.
Thumbs up for the excellent response
Does anyone see the irony in that statement? "This country needs a brain" Not only does Trump not have one larger than a yeast cell, but neither does anyone else in the room.
Boycott Megyn Kelly!

Garbage.
Anybody else feels like they're watching stand up comedy instead of a Republican debate?
Trump 2016!
The media, the left wing moron politicians and the right wing knucklehead politicians just don't get it...

We are sick of the entire 2 party system. No matter how the media and brainwashed left and right wing zombies try to spin trump's candidacy, most people are wise to the lies and will vote for someone that will restore the USA to the winning country that it is.  We're sick of the same old nonsense. The people have woken up!!!

Trump 2016!!!
M Kelly isn't even a journalist. Shes a corporate lawyer who does what she is told.
DONALD TRUMP LOVES WOMEN, HE HAS BEEN MARRIED THREE TIMES;)!!! The "War on Women " is waged by LIBERALISM AND HOMOSEXUAL MALES, PERIOD!!!!!!!! I'm a Woman, and I say TRUMP 2016
Another ambush of Trump. Not ever watching Megyn Kelly again.
War on women ??? WTF I am so sick of these stupid ass women bitching about someone else.   Women that would vote on Hillary Clinton are incredibly stupid.  It is not time to quibble about what someone else says or thinks.   Women like this make me sick.   Maybe Donald should bend her over and show her a war on women.
Hahahaha.

Take THAT bittttch.
#trump #is #a #savage #2k16
#trumpforprez
White piece of fucken trash.
I'm a billionaire and I don't give a damn about politicians
I like Trumps no bull crap attitude but a president is only as strong as the support he receives from congress and I don't think he will be able to lets say "play well with other" if he has tobattle with every member of congress then he will end up a lame duck president during his term.
SHE is horrible. No other candidates got asked personal questions like that. Excellent response though...
Fuck the liberal bullshit! Fuck the political correctness nonsense! Fuck the having to remain silent due to fear of being branded/labeled, getting fired from your job or having your business hurt simply because you speak the truth.

It's time that someone not only speaks the truth, but not afraid to shout it, leads the rest of us out of bondage. When Trump is elected president, we will all be able to speak the truth once again without the fear of what 'they' may do to us.And the hell with Megyn Kelly for trying to manipulate this debate!
Trump was being given ridiculous questions all night long. Most of them pertained to his past. How can you expect him to give specifics on issues when you don't ask him questions on specific issues??
I like that Megyn has always seemed very fair in past interviews and questions she's asked. Usually she asks what most people actually want to know. I think the moderator's were equally hard on everyone EXCEPT when asking this question she just HAD to insert, "Your war on women." Like she was stating a fact. Looking at his track record Megyn Kelly,.... He's equally vocal no matter the gender! You agreeing with the "White Privilege" thesis should have been enough to send your a$$ out the door. You attacked the only HONEST man on the stage with that snarky remark. Thanks to you I am now boycotting ALL mainstream media.
Megyn got Trumped.
megan knows, she has been on her knees thousands of times...
I thought this was an excellent response but after the debate the fox hosts said that he "collapsed" answering this question.
Hey Megan, Basically, TRUMP is saying, BLOW ME BITCH....She looks like a fukn Snot nose Dumb ass Blonde. About Time we have a fukn President who really gives a fuck about America, who don't have speeches written for him and basically tells it like it is.
He is a business man, WHO HAS DONE BUSINESS WITH OTHER COUNTRIES, who has met Leaders and has relationships. What the fuck is Hillary going to do except get Woman more money per hr. GTFOH....
Trumpwill get Business, He will make Jobs and he will charge the fukn Countries who put our deficit in the Trillions. Fuck Hillary, Trump hands down. These liberal Political cock suckers can't do shit. Time for a man who built an Empire to take over. PERIOD.....
Trump is a fucking boss.
beter call Robin and Batman from Gotham's Got Talent or catwoman Hitllery Clingtone is gonna take the power and put the milennials in the administration to ruin it all
Trump will win! 
And the 3erd world war will come to pass 
be ready because its comming
Trump for President!  Donald, DO NOT CHANGE A DODDAM THING YOU ARE DOING!  HOLD YOUR GROUND!  Your doing and saying the hard reality that the rest of these used up, tired out, has been politicians can't ever say do and say cause they're all part of the corrupt system including that fox news idiot girl who can't even wipe her own ass hole correctly!  Lol!!  WAKE the FUCK UP AMERICA!  This is the land of the FREE and the BRAVE!  not land of cross dressers and faggots and tired, old ass politicians who can't even chew their fucking own food or get it up for that matter unless it's in some sick perverted way!  LOL!!!
Was Trump wrong about Rosie O'Donnell? I mean, the truth hurts. Megyn Kelly had a smile on her face at 0:30 because she knows Donald told the truth.
trump kicked there ass ;D
LOL. When "O'really" asked Trump why they built the Chinese Wall, he shoulda said..............." I dunno, ...........to keep Bush's or Democrats  out?"
No it doesn't sound like the temperament we need. He's classless and arrogant.
I just lost all the respect I had for Megan Kelly, and wonder why I ever wasted any time defending her.
The RINOs in the GOP say 'crush him' and you say "Jahwohl!' while hogging all the airtime you can. To HELL with you and Fox overall, I'm watching OAN instead. What a bunch of hacks you people have become.... would you like to burn the TEA Party in effigy next? Might as well, but I won't be watching.
Media / Culture - The Globalist Agenda google it and wake up to why Trump is attacked. FOX MSNBC and CNN are all part if theThe Globalist agenda. To keep the job killing trade agreements like NAFTA and TPP. And allow slave labor production to continue to pour into the USA. It make big money for the big boys. Fox news is been pushing for more illegals to stay and drive wages down.
In all fun and kidding, Trump needs to take all his money fix his hair, sit down and shut up. We don't need woman haters in the White House. He is a big fat pig, oh just kidding, isn't it fun?
The PC club Feminist Democrats will love to play the war on women card on Trump. Sadly, what Democrats are doing to women in this country is disgusting. No jobs, dress like whores, Birth control on demand and the acceptance of Jenner the cross dressing freak. How can i respect a woman that can't even respect herself?
It's absolutely shameful that Fox would let this imbecile Megan Kelly ask a question like this. This disgusting buzzword question is something I'd expect from Rachel Maddow or The Young Turds. You should be ashamed of yourselves for stooping to this level. And your plan to sabotage Trump backfired, because he's higher than ever in the polls. Fuck you.
very stupid question  to Trump TRUMP WON
Megyn Kellyis a Closet liberal. She has no business in a Republican debate. She even clearly says in her show after the debate she doesn't like Trump. Conflict of interest.Biased panels have no business even being there.
I watch hours and hours of Fox News everyday when I am at home, but after watching this hatchet job by mainly Megyn Kelly and Chris Wallace, my time spent on the Fox News channel is going to decrease tremendously.

I do not tolerate biased Moderators during these types of debates.

I never really much liked Megyn Kelly, and after last night, she reminded me as to why I don't like her. Her head has swollen since she was given her own show.
shut up megan just choke on it
What is the deal with you guys trying to step on Mr. Trump  and drag his name thru the mud? I hope he wins!
why didnt they show other candidates expressions when he said "rosie o donnell?"
man fuck that. i bet they all laughed.

anybody know by any chance if they laughed or not?
Donald Trump is ugly she makes all of America look bad we should put him in his own island.  just looking at them and hearing it disgusts me
Megyn Kelly really pulled a cheap shot on Trump. I'm very disappointed.I'm going to see wtf she has to say for herself tonight,and then program her out of my viewing lineup,perhaps to Newsmax. I refuse to patronize snakes who pretend to be fair,but then take sides at pivotal times.
Calling it now... if Trump goes any farther, in the race for president, 'someone' will assassinate him.
Trump speaks the truth !! No more being politically correct !! Time for change , time for trump !!
Donald Trump 2016!
Since Donald T. is so very concerned about the issues that matters for the US, so he does not have time for political correctness, how come he was seen in many news- and talkshows proving that his dad is not an urangutan ?? ;-)
Man all you people would suck Trump's d...... if that was the only way to become pres. GOP followers are a bunch puppet's.
Even if his comments were true that question was totally uncalled for on a national stage. Once again he handled it well, he is great with conflict. Also right after the debate their was a room of people hating on Trump. It looked deliberately staged. They were supposedly mostly Trump supporters but after words most were not.
well thats how it ends.
children watch closelly you will widness the falldown of the USA.
IAm loocking forward to read future history books.
Thank you USA for another potential comedy president, it's been too long! If this guy becomes president you all need certifying, seriously.
In the news they cut it short again, skipping Trump's message about American issues. Also I noticed that they didn't have a woman on stage like Carly Fiorina representing women?
"Only Rosie O'Donnell" He gets my vote!
Donald Trump 2016
Trump should file a lawsuit vs. Fox News
Gotta love him, refreshing
I like Trump more for this.
megyn kelly is the leader of the war on men.  She is nothing but a stupid naive racist whore.

I can't wait until Trump goes after her hard.  I'll help lead the charge. she's not as liked as she thinks she is.
I fuckin hate the notion that everything u say (social media or in public) has to be politically correct or else u r a racist or a sexist (or both. 

I'm loving homboi so far. And I'm Hispanic. Lol. I need to research what his plans are for welfare. I fuckin hate how people abuse that shit.
Yo
Some women look so good that hell it probably would be a beautiful picture. I dont think the question was good or impotant
Yeah fuck Megan kelly ! Not watching her shit show anymore! And the looser with the dead cat on his head and his bullshit focus groups trying to throw trump under the bus! Fuck him also !!!!! Trump trump trump trump !!!!!!!!!
Great answer: )
Not many women commenting here.
This says all you need to know about society and Trump. Nobody treats anyone in the sense of being a normal human. If you are really against someone just because they have a normal human personality, then you really need to check yourself first.
Studies prove women like to abuse men.

http://www.telegraph.co.uk/women/sex/9126265/Research-finds-women-feel-happy-when-their-husband-or-partner-is-upset.html#disqus_thread
I am sure many conservative women have allowed themselves to be put in the barefoot and pregnant category. It is a shame. Trump knows his audience. He does not have to be PC for them. Trump probably sounds PC compared to their bigoted husbands.
Yes I am sure it was.......hahahaha......go Trump!
The moment we all realized, no matter how amusing, he is after all a damn fool.

The morons cheering for him should be fixed so as not to reproduce.
Trump got exposed during this debate. He was awkward, uncomfortable and unprepared. He has no plans for anything. Let me summarize his every appearance on every media outlet ever since announcing.

1. Wall
2. China.
3. Stupid Leaders.

Although the initial response to Trump was favorable, he quickly revealed himself, even more, to be an empty suit and a big bag of wind. He better come up with some new material and fast. He still has a year to go. If he keeps repeating what he thinks America's problems are without having solutions to these problems he will fail to keep the momentum he has right now.

On the other hand, Rand Paul impressed me with is unwillingness to stand by and listen to this overhyped windbag. Rand has very detailed and specific plans to help bring America back to prominence.

Rand is the Man!
Great response if we want this country to suceede then honest uncensored debate and Frank discussions kneed to happen.
Don't blame Megyn Kelly too much. She was brutal that's true. Trump hits back at people of both genders but she picked out adjectives he only used with women and creates 'a gender war'. But she is just giving him a small taste of what he'll run into with the Democrats. It's impossible for the Democrats (or Republicans) to win arguing the issues. Why? Because Trump can do whatever is right for America. All other candidates are owned by special interests, lobbyists, and donors, and do their bidding. So to win, their only recourse is to smear Trump in any and every way imaginable. The Democrats are going to dish out to Trump 10 times what Kelly did. Picture it now. An old photo of Trump when he was 14 is found. He is shown dropping a chewing gum wrapper on the sidewalk. Huge front page head lines, story after story on TV, "Is a litter bug like this fit to be president!?"
I think I just witnessed the first death blow being deliveredto political correctness in America, and it was very enjoyable to watch. :).Good on you, Trump
as if the Clinton's have no associations with women on their knees!...lol
Megan Kelly is a typical dumb bimbo posing as intelligent. I noticed the seething anger in her face when the crowd erupted with Trump shooting down her question "statement" by mentioning Rosie.

As a woman I am now a Trump voter thanks to that disgusting unprofessional attack on Trump by that bimbo. Megan Kelly might as well have worn a "Bush 4 President" pin on her hooker dress. I'm shocked she didn't wear her leather mini skirt and hooker boots to the 'debate'.
Whos better to handle international trade?
Whos better to rebuild the nations infrastructure?
Whos better to destroy ISIS?
Whos better to take care of the border?
Whos better to bring jobs back to America?

#TRUMP 2016
That spineless Bush had the nerve to talk about his pro-life record. Why did Megyn not ask him about Terri Schiavo? Bush just stood there and let them murder her in front of the world! And now he wants to be President?!?!?!
So if he has ever said anything bad about a man before is he at war against men to? Megyn you are an idiot and should feel embarrased
how boring would this debate have been without trump. I dont think hes gonna win but at least hes hilarious. I mean I dont think hes trying really hard and thats what I like about him. Hes just a rich and intelligent guy who is probably bored and thought to himself...lets run for president and see how things work out. Thats entertainment at its best. Go Trump XD
We used to be able to make fun of people all the time without fear of persecution from other people or be labeled as not professional. There's time for humor and there's time for seriousness and to me Twitter is not meant for seriousness nor other quick social media. So lighten up America! If men and women think what Donald Trump has done many times on social media is bad toward women, then we must look upon ourselves and take the plank out of our eyes first before taking a speck out of someone else's.
Vote Donald Trump
Megan kelly is just auditioning for CNN
You must all be jocking, women makes up 50% of this country, if he has indeed mysoginistic biases against half of the American population I would take that into account... The next US President should look out after ALL the people of America. So I think it was a valid question, which he did not answer at all. (And sure, there are bigger problem in this country and in the world, but it does not make lesser ones disappear either.)
the war on women? lol. WTF is that? women would get their ass kicked.
Megyn Kelly is a fucking idiot
Lol at the naive, privileged feminists who think being rude to someone is equivalent to 'war,' even figuratively. You have no idea what the real world outside of your bubbles is like.

Trump has employed and thereby provided economic support to thousands of women through his business. That's more than we can say for most people in the world. Actions speak louder than words.

Kelly is moral-signaling to her feminist friends about how 'progressive' she is. But getting offended at every little word and playing victim 24/7 is not 'progress' ! That's how infants behave. Grown ups have a spine. Maturing is 'progress,' something the politically correct crowd will never understand.
Donald says we need a brain in this country, more like he needs a brain.
Donald trump answered really good. You can tell somebody bought out Kelly. 

Everyone says mean comments about people, men talk bad about men/women. And women gossip a lot and say bad things about other women if not harsher than men. I know a lot of women would agree with me. She and Hillary Clinton have no room to speak because I am 99.99% positive both of then have said far worse things about someone they don't like in the bast year...
Fox News is a joke! What a stupid bitch!
Trump was your favorite a few weeks ago, why the absurd questions? He's got my vote and most of Americas
Do these reporters think their asses are lily white ? Trump's response about political correctness was absolute genius.
Wow, what an utterly ignorant comment. We're 'too PC'? How about - adults don't denigrate women that they don't like by likening them to animals? Has the current President ever called a Fox News, or conservative woman pundit, like Anne Coulter a 'disgusting pig' or the like? Trump has no class, and his 'PC' dodge was a bit of bread to the circus watching, nothing more. (And he prattles on about illegal workers when he himself hires undocumented people to work for him. Hypocrite, as well.)

I challenge any naysayer to reply without calling me a name.
I want to smell Megyn Kelly's vagina.
Go Trump! These Mexicans think that they can come here any time that they want. They feel entitled to this country and that's not right. More unskilled labor is not what this country needs. Sorry Mexicans, you can't do what you want just because you are Mexican. Get an education and apply for citizenship like the rest of the world has to do.
BOOM BITCH
Guys, its no secret political correctness is a detriment to a progressive thinking society, but common this guy is not president material, he's not even mayoral material. The guy has filed for bankruptcy numerous times and you want him to oversee the budget of your own country? Just because he sounds like you think doesn't mean he actually gives a damn about any of you.
I never thought this guy would/could win me over, but i tell ya, he is my #1. This coming from a democrat. Keep it up Donald, tell it like it is!
Welcome to America - where laughing and jeering at a very rich clown making sexist comments is a televised event.
T R U M P

for president!
If you Republicunts keep attacking Trump, he's just going to go Independent and let Clinton stomp your asses.
I'm seeing comments accusing Kelly of asking irrelevant questions and being a feminist. She is really just addressing some legitimate criticism that a democratic candidate could accuse Trump of being or acting. It's one thing when most republicans wouldn't care about such comments, but the party must nominate one that can act professional enough to draw votes from independents and moderate democrats. To be honest, while I found entertainment from his remarks, I thought they make him look extremely uncouth and ignorant the minute that he's placed in a room of more qualified individuals.
i woulnt want to put power of the army in his hands we dont have time for freedom we need to focus on winning -_-
I see it coming hilary is playing the oppressed woman card...She accepted money she was'nt playing the opressed woman card then "was she"
What an asshole question.
My god, the Democrats keep getting better at this game... Conservatives lack the intelligence to recognize Donald Trump for the trojan horse he is and that Bill Clinton pushed him to run.
What a stupid question to ask. What does this question has to do with helping america get back onto its feet and get going again. How about ask real questions to these politicians like what are they going to do to help the american people strive for greatness what do they have to offer that is different from others.
Trump owned the question and this bimbo.
can't stump the Trump.
Is Megan a man???? Go trump
Fox News trying to bring down Trump!
Let's make America great again > Trump!
CANT STUMP THE TRUMP
Megan fire!!!
Lol take that Megyn Kelly you ice queen. Wtf do you expect, he's a reality TV star. The point of Trump is to be the asshole. Why do you think people love Gordon Ramsey?
We need strength, energy, quickness, and brain?
He is an idiot!
Trump dosent hate females. Look at all those fine bitches around him.
"Politician's filter" - that's exactly what's wrong with America. We want the truth...PERIOD!! GO, Donald!!
Damn Donald Trump just totally owned this bitch whoever she is.
Well he only speaks the truth not to mention said that back to her after she fired her words first....
Megyn Kelly is a political pawn and she proved it last night. Watch the incoming ratings dump. Talk about ruining your own career! She's an idiot.
you may say humor isnt for the politician but it made that bitch sit down
Do people honestly want this guy for president? Yeah, the question was dumb and America may be a little too PC, but his answer is not something I'd want to hear out of a president. Everything he says and does points to him being extremely narcissistic and a huge pile of shit (bigger than Bono). He says that he truly cares about the country but does he really? Can his word really be trusted? Or does he just want things ran his way for personal gain? Judging by his past, it's probably the latter.
Our country,(whatever that's left of it) is sinking,domestically and internationally
Courtesy of BUSH, OBAMA and his criminal enterprise, and Trump is laying it out exactly as it is.
The mediastill trying to corner him, with this Political Correctness crap.
Donald TrumpKICK ASS ASK QUESTION'S LATER candidate 2016

I certainly do hope I didn't offend anyone out there......
M. Kelly did him a favor by asking this question. If not Kelly, liberals would of picked up on it. Trump needs to get grilled as much as possible, so he is prepared. The main battle is ahead.
Lost the female vote last nite,dumb ass!!
and here goes FOX starting to bash Trump because he DOMINATED in the debate last night. GOP and FOX are idiots for not embracing trump, as he can get a republican whitehouse. he is the way in the door, you fucking idiots. FOX sucks. last night and this video are the LAST times i will watch FOX, along with many others today.

ya bitches.
Megyn got mad when everyone cheered. Her question failed.
i knew blondes were dumb but wow, this takes the cake.
As Dusty Smith would say, nice try Meh Gin.
Trump, you jumped the shark there. You can screw with Congressmen, Senators, and even Presidents; but you don't screw with Megyn Kelly. I don't agree with her but by god she is beautiful!
Trump is a douche!
Nice zinger
Awesome reply from Mr. Trump. She is a well known feminist who wants to see men living in poverty and living on the streets. Clinton is going wage a feminist male hater election. The question was irrelevant and inappropriate for an election debate. Feminist such as Hilary Clinton don't care about gender equally. Their hate for men will cloud their judgment when making a critical and fair decisions.
The Trump supports on this message thread are angry at Megyn for suggesting that Trump may be part of the war on women because of the comments he has made. Their response is calling Megyn Kelly a whore, bitch and telling her she should get down on her knees. Hmm... if his supporters are saying such things about women, then perhaps Kelly was absolutely right. Birds of a feather...
"and we need brain" the thing that you don't have Megan!
Kelly just got trumped.
Megyn kelly. What the fuck
Ah, the problem is "political correctness", that non-existent thing, is wrong.
Not that saying unpleasant things about women is wrong.
In the good old days, rich white men could say whatever offensive things they liked about women or the ethnics. Now they called out on it.
It's a disgrace.
Fancy women, ethnics or the poor expecting the same respect as rich white men!
It truly is a world gone mad. "Political Correctness".
Here's that "war on women" thing again.
Get on your knees Megyn... Maybe you can do THAT,   right.. Otherwise shut up.
Trump is the typical bully always claiming to be the victim.
lmao "war on women" Yeak ok.... this guys is a embarrasment to the human race
She tried to make him look bad... Guess that didn't work too well! Donald Trump doing very well! 

He dominated the debated by far and large
Trump gets my vote. He handled last night's debate like a bad ass super hero. American Excellence is dead. No one in the current administration believes in America and apologizes for American's beliefs every chance they get. With Trump as President I believe. The USA would get its FINE name finally out of the gutter. Go get em Trump.
Trump 2016 !!
SHE GOT OWNED....LMAO ASKING THEM DUMB ASS QUESTIONS
He answered so well! Go Trump!
Got to love the little children commenting on this as if being president of a powerful country is just a case of having views.

Seriously want Trump to be president, then the world will hate America and the fuck tards who live in it even more:D
Great response by Trump ! I will only vote this time around if Trump is picked for the GOP, otherwise I would not waste my time standing in line to vote for either party. Think about it......everyone running for POTUS are the ones that got this country in the mess it is today, yet they claim they can fix it. REALLY ? If you can fix it , why haven't you done so before now while you have been in Washington ? But we are supposed to believe you now....that you will fix the problems in this country. You are the problem....lol. UNBELIEVABLE !!!!!
The woman should just let him talk, clearly the Americans there listening are thick as pig shit and just want to yell over the questions given.
Women are part of the war on women...
Slam the bitch
Trump Baby!!
What a immature question to ask at a time like this. After the debate that was all she talks about because her poor ego was insulted. He should have said what a stupid question. As for Fox's fake  town hall people after what a complete joke so fake .
Hilarious - good entertainment
This question would ONLY be fair, if trump had ONLY made disparaging remarks on twitter about women. The truth is he's made comments against both men and women. Her line of questioning is mearly a agenda based attack on donald (probably written by Murdoch) to get women to hate him. totally unprofessional.
I'm liking trump more and more he's good and hes got guts says it like it should be said. And Megan Kelly she's a fake I stopped listening to her after she put down ted cruz
They did a hit peace on trump
It's funny because most of the people he started his company with were women, VPs and etc. he could of said this.
Trump is a misogynist ....He was born on third base....but thinks he hit a triple
"Only Rosie O'Donnel" -Savage
Trump is the one coming off as being tough, with all his comments, so why should he be handled with kid gloves?
LOL GOP IS A JOKE
Everyday that passes reminds me of "Man of the Year" movie...
Calling Rosie a fat pig is an insult to all fat pigs.
The guy who says 'we are losing to China' is the same idiot who has all of his Trump-branded accessories manufactured there. "Make America Great Again?" Disingenuous.
We need quickness and we need brain???
WTF
Out of order Megan. Insulting question Megan. Ridiculous Megan.

Well done Donald Trump with a brilliant response. It's what Americans wanted to hear.

Oooops ... Donald Trump 1 - Fox 0
Liberal media should only moderate GOP debates and Conservative media should only moderate Democratic debates, that might be the only way to get candidates away from thier campaign scripting and talking points.  I'm tired of two-party political system, media and corporate donors disconnecting from the voters and the corruption that runs our country.
adelante El pato Donald jeje en serio el tiene mucha razon en lo que dice adelante Donald para presidente
I'm sure everyone called a female they don't like a pig. Get a grip
This is a debate to see who can lead the country.thats a stupid ? To ask about how he feels about women.everyone is intitled to there opinion.womens think of man as Dogs it's ok it's there opinion.very stupid ?.this country has become a country where you could talk behind doors like cowards but if you say something for everyone to hear your a racist or a ignorant person Free Country People Freedom of speech.
I am a European citizen and I have no clue who the blonde journalist is, but it is more than obvious for a neutral observer like me to see and say that she is totally subjective and had the agenda that night to attack Trump.
Haha, please elect him as president. It won't be healthy for you but god damn hillarious for the rest of the world :D
SJW's GOT BTFO!

CAN'T STUMP THE TRUMP!
Made Megan poop her pants on that one.
oh wow for once he didn't start a conversation by telling how much he is worth net....

Capitalism...
Way to go Trump! That's how bitches need to be slapped!
Are we absolutely sure that Megyn (Me-Gyn, what's up with that spelling; reads more like a statement or an affirmation) Kelly is female?
RIDICULOUS QUESTION...
I love this guy!!!! He has my vote!!!
Dear Megyn,

I was just hoping as a fellow American, could you answer this question? I just want to know why on earth you have to " Feel like you need to make a debate on women"? I think it is funny seeing you're reaction on about 32 seconds where you seem really mad, Its laughable really, cause you totally failed making Mr. Trump look bad. I find the fact that you say on you're blog and talk a good game on the" establishment", but you showed all of America you're true colors. Not Red,White,and Blue but Yellow!!!!
I think you and Chris are cowards trying to represent the Republican Nom, but you guy's make stuff up and really represent all the stuff Americas tired of. Thank You for giving Hope to Donald, and Thank you for showing us even if he doesn't win That it will be because" Megyn Clinton" shows us how dumb and tragic the bull is in America!!!!!


Thank you Sincerely,

A lost viewer of "FOX BULL ZONE."

P.S. That's one number down cause of you Megyn Clinton.!!!!!!!!!!! Not Trump.
Fox really targeted on Tramp! I wonder why?
I Dont get it so a guy can't say something bad to a girl was about being called a sexist come on what world are we living in and Rosie actually started it soo if anything I'm with trump on this one...
GO TRUMP
If the day comes where Men begin to hide behind a Woman's back for protection during War, then and only then can the women in this country disrespect men. Disrespect us again like this bitch here and we will feed you bitches to the wolves!!
Megyn's lashes are as fake as the lashes on my balls!
What an asshat
Funny
Bernie for Prez! Conservatives are dumb as a rock!
This is very CNN like of you Fox. Megyn Kelly is Satan. For sure a sorority girl who is in love with herself
Donald trump is a cunt.
America going full blown with the corporation thing now, can you really be serious america? I mean really? TRUMP? are you all fucking braindead or what
*DRUDGE POLL*
TRUMP 50.03% (150,229 votes)
CRUZ 12.8% (38,452 votes)
CARSON 8.3% (24,939 votes)
RUBIO 7.95% (23,866 votes)
PAUL 7.31% (21,965 votes)
KASICH 4.06% (12,204 votes)
WALKER 3.42% (10,277 votes)
HUCKABEE 2.92% (8,770 votes)
BUSH 2.05% (6,148 votes)
CHRISTIE 1.15% (3,454 votes)

Total Votes: 300,304
I cannot believe Americans would actually vote for this clown.
I love this guy. Well well well Megyn, looks like your little plan backfired. Kind of hard to attack a guy when the whole room is applauding him.
Meghan Kelly--What are you doing asking stupid questions???
Doesn't matter if Trump answered well or not, win the debate or not, if Trump is the focal point, the subject on every newspaper.........Trump win, win BIG.
Let's go trump!
Trump is Just To Top and Wise.
Get on your knees? That's such a bad thing to say to a woman!!!! Did any of you notice that he didn't answer the question or apologized?!! He started saying and pointing out the obvious" this country is in big trouble ect ect..... YES WE ALL KNOW THAT. HELLO?! But let's talk about what we are really asking you!!!! Women and Men matter in this world. Whether the topic is about Men, War,women, low income,world crisis,immigrants ECT... You need to touch each topic!!!
She got what she deserved asking that question.
Donald is the man
My hero
THUG LIFE!
trump is actually right in what he says, at least mostly. it would be a better vote for trump then hillary
Trump won't win. Stop kidding yourselves.
He's too child - minded and this country is going to be blue for the next 8 years

#Facts
All I see is Trump getting Megan on her knees for him.
We need brain? I can't even brain that sentence right meow
That was a stupid and attacking question not to mention a presumptuous and almost 'slanderous' statement on Megyn's part to allege that Trump is a part of some sort of "war on women".

The obvious answer to her question however, is no, that is not the "temperament" of a man we should elect as President. But it could very well have been the temperament of the host of a reality TV show that was all about being brash, rude and outlandish for ratings. And judging from the success of the show I'd say he succeeded.

But here's a news Flash Megyn. Celebrity Apprentice is over and so is Trump's tenure as it's host. And Donald Trump is no longer a Reality TV host. He is 'now' running for President. Give him the benefit of the doubt that he will adjust his temperament to fit his new role if he wins. Fact is, Megyn, you don't have much room to criticize other people's temperament anyway!
Man, you have to give it to that guy, he owned her. He straight up punked that lady on a question that would probably send the other politicians running.
LOL.That was funny.
bad question deserves whatever response Trump wants I say
This was funny as HELL.
We Need Trump to turn it around!!!
Poor Donald. It's pefectly normal that a presidential candidate calls women fat, ugly and disfysting and has raped his wife, and journalists have no right to bring it up because the 1st Amendment doesnt't apply here.
Nice of Megyn to start off with a compliment before attacking like a rabid dog. Women want to be seen as independent and strong well then have thick enough skin to take the same medicine you dish out.
He is great ,I am not a Republican  but I will vote for this man.finally a real leader ,he will be the best president  this country has ever seen
I dont know but shes hot so i can care less what she says.
Lmao....
Owned her candy ass !!!!
Political Correctness is the downfall of America...Trump2016
women are protitutes
fuck women
Bs question, Bs answer.
No longer a fan of Kelley. She's a liberal and she wants Hillary to win. Why won't she ask Hillary about all the women Bill has abused.
Fox is getting worse than CNN, isn't that true Kelly??!!...Trump for president!!!
Truth is, Trump fights back against women just as hard as he fights back against men. You come at Trump with a knife, he comes at you with a gun. He doesn't care about gender, race or religion. This was a loaded question.
Donald Trump is my choice.  He is sincere and energetic.  We Americans should try something new face.
Omg you can see her face after she finds out she can't break him 
They were talking about Trump maybe being a democrat but after all the stupid questions it seems like Fox is trying to get Hitlery Clinton elected.
Trump is the only hope for the GOP.
being an asshole, is not the same as being politically incorrect
Did he just attack the proctor of a debate during a debate?
He lacked focus answering this question.
OMG. Hoffentlich nicht. Der Kopf des Mannes ist voll mit Scheie.
listen to the audience laughing like its a f**king reality television program.
Theres no fucking "war on women" How fucking over dramatic and retarded could that statement be?!??
-_-
Lmfao trump destroyed
Barring a miracle, Trump will be our nomination for the Republican party.
Better get your shit together Kelly. A shit load of people coming after you after your plan back fired. There was NO reason to start the debate like you did. You made Candy Crowley look like a pro tonight.
Fuck Megan Kelly
Lol she tried to make him look bad and he came back with "Only Rosie O' Donnel" omg best comeback ever :D
Such a loaded question that Trump completely flipped. Awesome! He has my vote
Megyn is a feminist snake.

Rosie attacked him first, completely unprovoked and viciously. She is a fat pig and far worse. That has nothing to do with some imaginary "war on women."

That happened way back in 2006. It's completely irrelevant for the debate.

So a man can't have a disagreement with a woman without it becoming some campaign against women? Total and absolute nonsense.

Megyn is a despicable liar and feminist propagandist. I've lost all respect for her. That was such a cheap shot right off the bat.
Oh boy, I just love hearing the crowd encouraging this billonaire chimpanzee.

USA, you have such a fascinating talent for self destruction xD
Megan's question was clearly setup to make Trump look bad! You could almost see the satisfaction in her face as she was asking it! Disgusting! I wish they showed her face after he put her in place! Camera didn't show that conveniently.
Trump and Cruz 2016 or Trump and Paul 2016 happy either way.
Rekt
Sounds reasonable.
Trump should have been asked real questions. Trump by far is more commanding on stage.
I love that everybody saw through the spin everybody over at Fox put on this. The way they were attacking Trump was entirely unprofessional and not what a debate is supposed to be about. He did an excellent job of not putting up with their shit but doing it in a respectful manner. Trump may not be PC, but he is a no bs, straight to the point guy. He is exactly what we need. He's got my vote.
I would love to see Trump win, just to watch America go down the hill.
Asshole.
He'll yeah trumps a badass lol that was fun as hell
CANT STUMP THE TRUMP
It was Trump that made the debate great. Without him ALL (except Paul) the candidates will all try to sound nice and friendly and correct. For a debt of $19 Trillion we need a tough leader to get rid of all non sense and kick out all sissy policy that emasculated this great country. Trump for President and Paul for VP!
Trump!
Fox News(Megyn Kelly in particular) came across as petty and vindictive.

I hope the GOP idiots force Trump to go independent. I hate progressive liberals in a way i find hard to articulate, BUT these fucking RINO's will be the end of us all.

I would rather this country burn in the hands of a straight up communist than to enable the fucking "Middle of the road" cowards that comprise the vast majority of the GOP these days.


I hope 30 million strong abandon the GOP if they continue this course. Fuck it - It's time to get to the "nut-cutting" in this nation -

You're either a conservative or you're not.

You're either for this nation or you're not.

You're either aware of the fact that the progressive liberals(and the RINO's) are selling us out, or you're not.

Personally, I'm tired of the bullshit lies people sell, but more than that- I'm tired of the masses swallowing those lies like a two-dollar hooker with a heroin problem!
Didn't Trump supported years Hillary Foundation? I believe trump is in fact working for the Democrats by aligning first the most extreme conservatives and later run as independent so the Republican voters are split. You are what you do and one thing is what you sell and other what you do, time will clarify
Trump is like rapper. lol He put her in her place. lol
Fuck this shit. Who the hell cares about who is calling who names. Time for us women to put on our big girl panties and stop whining about being a victim. We want equality? Prove we've got what it takes. If we can't take hits, we don't need to be in the game and can slink back to the kitchen barefoot.
PWNED.
Megyn kelly you sucks!  Chris Wallace you sucks! Vote for Donald Trump 2016!
'War on women'? Someone's on drugs... Just watch TV commercials and tell me who the war is against.
Fox News give Trump stupid unimportant questions in order to damage his leading polls, So they can give Bush the favor.
Guess what, YOU HAVE FAILED FOX.

The sept 16th debate on CNN is next,  take your best shot Cooper
After hearing how Fox News tried to make Trump look bad at every point in the debate has made me gain interest.
do these 'reporters' think they're going to own Donald Trump? They think he's going to get scared and wilt away? A month from now Fox News is going to be on their knees begging Trump for forgiveness.
Lol Trump is done. Now, it's time to get to some real presidential candidates.
DUMMY GOT TRUMPED
trump is fucking awesome, if he wins he needs to quadruple his security, because people will be after his head! like with kennedy, so he needs to be careful, what kennedy was doing driving around in an open top car i will never know, but if i was donald i would project my hologram to all speaking events if i won, i would be in a bunker surrounded by army tanks, and project myself everywhere! anyway vote donald trump 2016...
Best BURN of 2015! Poor reporter, now she is gonna vote for TRUMP PRESIDENT
Is this bimbo for real? This has to be the stupidest question I've ever heard asked at a presidential debate. Did you call so and so a pig? You expect a question like what would you do to fix the economy or how will you improve education. These would be questions that a normal moderator would ask, but this low to no IQ idiot ask him, did you call so and so a pig? I've seen some brainless morons in my lifetime, but this woman takes the cake.
I like trump but I'm not sure he has the political prowess to win the election, and I'm not sure of his strategies to run the country. He's a tough motherfucker though. I like Carson as President and Trump as VP. We are too soft as a nation , especially dealing with foreign relations. Trump would give some much needed assholeness.
This guy is so fricken funny. I love it.
Agenda much?
trump 2016!!!!
Strange question, the 'war on women' is a Demon-crat myth but now she's running with it?
Haha donald trump that dude just flat out don't care and i love it ges got my vote
No wonder Megan Kelly's first husband cheated on her, she's a bitch. She obviously hates men and she is fake as hell with her bleached hair. She looks like a damn 20 dollar vegas whore
Donald Trump's appeals to large numbers of people in the same way that Hitler appealed to large numbers of people.
Hitler was against the Jews and was able to get the support of a number of Germans in persecuting them to support and justify his cause.
Donald Trump is against Mexicans and immigrants and large numbers of the population the USA is supporting him.

There should be a real concern here amongst all citizens of the USA that Donald Trump in the White House would be an extreme version of Hitler with a finger hovering over the Nuclear button, a really bad persons, with a really bad hairpeice just itching to say, you're fired.
#TrumpForPresident !!!!!
There is no "war on women."

Donald scares the shit out of Fox News because he's not a crypto-liberal, illegal-alien supporter like most republicans.
hey guys if w are going to let charisma take the place ofmature presidential class why don't we just elect Obama again?
omg.... theyre really trying to kill this man... what kindve of ppl start of questions w/ slamming a number 1 candidate,, i hope hilary get the same medicine..i feell bad for trump... world is against him.. in the panel..
I never heard of the war on women. Is megan theho Kelly smoking crack?
Ouch! Trump is a kick ass! :-)
Lol.. I see trump starting the purge
I'm so rich and I don't give a damn about stupid politicians lol
All you white racist fucks siding with Donald Trump lmao.
Megan is a stupid ho and Rosie O'donnel is a pig. Trump 2016
Megan and Wallace have lost all my trust and respect! Donald's comment on Rosie- made my night~!
Ironic, he talks about strength and this country needing a brain...lol
When he has no strength to control himself, and has no brain to think before he speaks..
Megan, you fake blonde ugly faced bitch. You actually accuse Trump of having a war on women? Are you fucking serious, did I hear you accuse him of that? Go to hell, you wanna' be journalist. Since when do moderators in a debate get to start taking jabs at the debaters, I thought moderators were suppose to remain neutral?
GO TRUMP!!!!!!!!
I'm for Trump but I haven't heard his views on homosexuality. I like Huckabee because he doesn't condone homosexuality. That I had to vote today I would choose Huckabee unless I found out that Trump does not condone homosexuality, then I would vote for Trump. Also Trump's daughter converted to Judaism with an Orthodox Observant Rabbi. I'm and Orthodox Observant Jew and I know we DO NOT in any way shape of form condone homosexuality. ALL THE MEDIA are hungry for the money of the homosexuals so all the media, even FOX NEWS condones homosexuality. The reason our military is so small is because most honorable Military Men will not serve with Homosexuals. Notice I left out women.
Holy shit, honestly haven't heard Trump speak until now, haven't been paying too much attention but holy fuck! he's the fucking man!!!!!! he's got my vote for sure! he owned that bitter cunt on live tv! Trump is my prez!
Megan has shown the world that she's a bitch for asking this question that she turned into a slanderous attack on Trump. For some reason the bitch Megan and the dick Chris Wallace intentionally attacked Trump with their vicious crappy so called questions. The rest of the candidates got normal questions like what is your view on abortion, what's your view on immigration, but for some reason they went after Trump and as always Trump came out on top. This bitch didn't have to word the question like she did.
Yes, Trump has said some disparaging things about some women, just like he's said disparaging things about men. Trump calls people out, irrespective of gender. Gender is irrelevant. In all the years I've watched Trump he's never come across to me as sexist. Talk about grasping at straws.
So what about the tweet about him saying it would be nice to see the girl on her knees ? Completely left that out
Donald trump , FUCK THAT PUTO
Trump 2016!
Great response Mr.Trump!
megan kelly needs to go sell her pussy again once fox news dumps her old hula hoop va-jay-jay. You tell'em donald !!!
Fuck you donald duck !! You fucken disgusting pig! What gives you the right to disrespect women? Ugghh ! Just die and do us a favor..chapo where you at?
holy fuck... Trump is on fire.  that was strong.  Fox hates him.  they're being so biased to him right now and he's slamming them.

gooooo Trump!
Trump doesn't see Americans as citizens. He see's them as employees.
He praises the troops but funds politicians who de-fund the VA
He's against gay marriage but even he admits that three marriages is far from "traditional"
Donald Trump embraces the sexist comments he's made and people cheer. Saying to a woman on his show that she would "look better on her knees" that's not "PC" that's sexist and misogynistic
This guy sucks Donkey dick.
Go donald next president of the USA. Your the only candidate that speak your mind. Our country is weak like you said and other country's are laughing at us you got my vote next president of the United States
Megyn Kelly is fine as fuck but sorry I still gotta vote #TrumpForPresident
I like the Donald but I think if he got elected it would be the real end of America.
Fox News your doing a terrible job of trying to bring down Donald trump the only hope for this country. Shame on you guys. Haven't seen a video instigating Hilary Clinton Yet....
Fox News your doing a terrible job of trying to bring down Donald trump the only hope for this country. Shame on you guys. Haven't seen a video instigating Hilary Clinton Yet....
Oh come on... In all seriousness... He said all of that before he became a politician.
that's how you defeat feminism, good thing  Trump speaks out
My vote is for trump.Hands down.
it is pointless for him to stay, just run independent. Honestly, what is the point when these people cant even ask a serious question. It is clear they dont want Trump there, why waste the time and money.
Dumb feminazi bitch gets owned. Priceless
It's all in the reflexes
hahaha get rekt megan
Way to put the bitch in her place. Megan is merely a whore being pimped by the Federal Reserve Bosses.

Trump for President!!
Fox wants a politician for president.
Trump is actually half assed entertaining, I'm kind of surprised actually.
rofl that comment alone makes me want to vote for trump
"Only Rosie O'donnel." drops mic. Get on your knees now Megan.
The Mainstream talking heads are really slow learners. They've had it their way with mind control far too long. Megyn Kelly's tone of voice when asking the question was just damn nearcondescending as if to speak with inference to judicial authority. Corporate mainstream and the FCC are in big trouble if Trump gets elected. This house cleaning is far too long overdue.
Megan Kelly is looking like, "I can't believe he said that" and on a deeper subconscious level thinking, "I wish I weren't in front of so many people because that is really laugh worthy."
Not being politically correct is his excuse for all the disgusting things he says, and you douches just eat it up. Are you proud of yourselves for defending his attacks on women? How would you feel if he called your mother a fat ugly pig? Oh it's cool. He's just not being politically correct.
"war on women" what?
Trump is awesome and would get America back on track. FOX should fire this Megyn Kelly person. She failed her assassination attempt LOL
That was more of a attack question not to mention a stupid question. Talk about setting up someone to fail. But he pulled it off TRUMP 2016 ~ Great response!
Thumbs up if you are voting for trump!!!!!!!!
Go Donald Trump!  He see the political correct issue in this country! He basically said The 1st. Amendment trumps the  P.C. POLICE NATION!
Lmao!!
He handled that question like a boss.
Trump 1 Kelly 0
I'd vote for him.
Megan you suck. Dunno why you idiots are trying to smear trump. It's not gonna work
I'M VOTING FOR TRUMP!!! lmao
Amen Donald Trump
Republicans don't stand a chance in 2016 Trump's a hypocrite and Jeb is a spinning image of George W. Bush
Cult of personalityyyyy
Reminds me of Hitler. I'm a life long conservative who would rather vote for Hillary Clinton or honestly, even Barak Obama...before I voted for this megalomaniac.

Poor Megyn Kelly. She asked a legitimate, journalist question and was completely disrespected by a rude and unreflective person.

If I ever was placed before Trump in a public setting, I would make clear that I know he isn't a self made man but rather a silver spoon, who inherited all of his wealth. I would point out his obvious hypocrisy when it comes to hiring illegal aliens who added to his own wealth. What we should do is audit his businesses and remove the wealth he acquired via illegal workers before we deport anyone. 

I'm not a moderate GOP conservative. I believe Obama, Rubio, Cruz and Jindal are not constitutionally eligible to be President. I can point to 23 pre-2008 attempts by Congress to change the Presidential Eligibility requirements to allow someone like Obama to be President....all of which failed.  So, yes, Trump's remarks on eligibility actually agree with my own thinking so label me a nut if you must. But take it from a nut, we can't elect this nut Trump.

Our country has been divided for the pat 8 years by design. We need to come together in the middle and solve some problems. This dude isn't going to pull it off. Also, we cant have a Bush or Clinton in office. That's just ridiculous. No dynasties.
I don't know whether to hit thumbs down for the stupid question, or thumbs up for the excellent response.
White women in America are beyond privileged. Maybe a war on women would be a good thing.
Trumps comment to Rand Paul..."You're having a hard time tonight" Lmao! Gotta love it.
He said "Mexico" Do I get a Free taco?
Locked out of watching by FOX. I don't have cable. Welcome to MSM, Fox
She is dumb as rock. We got people in the middle east getting their heads chopped off and she is asking about his sensitivity.
Ha ha..."only Rosie ODonnel" Priceless !
Silly & stupid question by Megyn.... & Mr Trump was absolutely right.... enough with this bullshit PC crap.
What a dweeb
Trump 2016! No one else
What a stupid question to ask Trump.... is this one of the biggest issues facing the USA?? Sensitivity? Who wrote these questions? lmao
Megyn Kelly, you are pathetic.
Thank you fox news for being a major player in handing over the election
Total Trump pwnage
