What surprised you most with this Change My Mind? And what arguments do you most often hear against the wall?
Does he actually believe on all these topics. Hes talked about Im confused.
A lot of the Hispanic population I know do not believe on paying taxes. If they became us citizens they would still ignore the tax rule. ID every Hispanic you come across  and look for any unpaid traffic tickets or violations and kicks them out. We will still have a lot of illegal immigrants but the numbers would stay low. Sorry my people most Hispanic education on the laws and regulations of the states are a piece of ignorance the situation
Pineapples should not be on pizza

Change my mind
Its funny how u always interview the biggest degenerates.
The wall really needs to be built on Mexicos southern border.
Please Steven, make a part two because I dont think these people you interviewed were mentally fit to give a simple opinion
I wish Leeroy didnt show up to this argument
Leroy for Governor 
im a big fan of this channel like mr crowder but the guy from new mexico won this or was right in this convo, he couldnt put his words right but we get the idea, the border will cost too much money too make
I like you're videos and agree with some points you make but not all... I would have loved to sit in that chair for this one.
Leroy out here making the rest of us brown folk look bad smh..
Building a wall will substantially decrease the number of poverished illegal immigrants who come to US to contribute, as well somewhat decreasing some of the people walking drugs across the border, but cartels, or properly funded drug dealers, will be generally unphased by any kind of wall(remember when trump said "maybe a rope"lol) there are many ways to get over/under/around a wall. So fine build the wall; just don't forget to fix the immigration system in general especially the court system, which is terribly under funded.
Seriously  didn't Germany  have a wall to separate the west and east?
Build the wall!!! I like walls
To be honest that guy scares the hell out of me, he has more serious  issues than a simple wall chipping people  like animals lol sounds more  totalitarian than a wall
"Scientifical" - not the future Governor of New Mexico
"Scientifical"
2:04 I have family all the time in Canada LOL
Honestly left wing people why do you act so ignorant!?  I really dont get why they are such sheep !!  They should all tape their mouths shut and take a look in the mirror !
okay.... wtf Leroy?...
I wish we could open a hole in the fabric of reality, look into another dimension, and see what would happen if they have their way. If we had open borders and everything else they wanted.
TRUMP 2020!
I can't wait for the new Spanish governor of new Mexico to start microchipping people and to build his xray border!
How the hell are you gonna make illegal immigrants pay taxes and wear ID when you dont know if theyre coming into your country. 

THATS WHAT MAKES ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS DIFFERENT FROM LEGAL IMMIGRANTS!!!
that man is a crack head
That dude wanted an X-ray gate but no wall. How exactly do you have a gate without a wall?
Why does he put an "uh" at the end of so many words-uh? 
Did we all just forget he said scientifical?
It would be very expensive and the immigrants would just get a ladder and climb over it
I agree with some points Steven but I would've liked to be there. I think I could've possibly changed your mind.
I like seeing civilized conversations whether people agree or not
Does anyone ever change your mind lmao
Man that dude is hella Mexican, you can hear it in his accent.
So have them go through a "X-Ray" Gate.  Sounds good.  So we probably need to put somethign around this gate to ensure they go through the gate.  I dunno... something... like a WALL.
Steven, I'd like to see the data that indicates that 3 - 5% of the population (the illegal population) commits 13% of violent crime.

According to statistics on the Federal Bureau of Prison's website, we can deduce that in a worst case scenario, 15% of the inmates (noncitizen inmates) in federal prisons committed 5% of the murders, kidnappings, and aggravated robberies. Obviously, this figure can be expected to change when we start to account to for the individual states, but I haven't seen data that reflects the figure you gave Leroy.
Checkered vans
a lot of people hate trump and his wall but he still won..? what?
What surprises me the most is the assertion that immigrants and/or Latinos are have a higher crime rate; the UCR would disagree with that assertion. 
www.fbi.gov  Path: Services>Criminal Justice Information Services>UCR>2017 Crime in the United States>Persons Arrested: Arrest Tables>Expanded Arrest Data:Race and Ethnicity. 
According to these tables, white people seem to be the ones with more arrests on record. Yes, Latinos are, according to the U.S. Census Bureau, considered white, but look at the "Hispanic or Latino/Not Hispanic or Latino;" it still shows a vast higher level of criminal disparity among non-Hispanic whites. After this, many would argue percentages. There's a number that continues to be made public: 11 million undocumented immigrants living in the shadows. If that number is true, there is an even higher disparity, percentage wise, in the number of white, non-Hispanic or Latinos than there is in white, Hispanic or Latinos.
Another example of how the educational system is failing in the U.S.
Let me preface this by saying I support Crowder's opinion on the matter. But I can really respect the way the guy in the white shirt conducted himself. He had an ACTUAL conversation rather than yelling insults and stuff. While his proposed "methods" might not be plausible, he was respectful in his conversation. More people like this need to converse on the show. I'm not sure how he behaved off camera, but from what's shown, props.
Illegal immigrants will still come here legally on a plane and just overstay their visas and the wall will trap them here
Anybody else get a Build The Wall ad?
Maybe try and change people to stop doing drugs and there wont be so much drug trafficking ,but then again there wont be no money made for the system so then again it wont stop until we the people stop
Do you really want the wall?
The wall would be useless. Theyd go to Canada where we just let anyone in and come to America through there
Wtf is wrong with that guy from New Mexico? He talks fucking weird. He adds an A at the end of almost every word.
BUILD THE X RAY GATE!!! 
The statistic that Steven quotes around 6:40 in the video is completely false. No where on the internet is there a source that backs up the claim that 3.5% of the population (illegal immigrants) commit 37% of the homicides in the United States. First of all, just logically thinking about what is most likely, that is asinine. The fact that Steven touts this absurdly false statistic is misleading and gross and invalidates this entire video.
Napalm all of them
Thank you for being a real person amidst all tbis shit. The work you do is important more so than you know
Do more change my mind videos!!!
The truth of the matter is, there are MANY CLOSETED RACISTS in this country. That's why no one wanted to sit down. They don't have a counter argument because they don't want or need one. As long as people PRETEND to care about other groups of people, then they  save face. This is coming from a  black contractor who gets followed through neighborhoods despite CLEARLY working. Did I mention people grip their purses or cross the street due to my 5'6 presence alone?
New Mexico since 1550...?  It didnt become a state until 1917.
I got a better solution,  kill them all.
the first guy genuinely annoys me
Lol aw that poor kid, he thinks hes gonna be governor 
Holy shit. Mexican guy is basically advocating no borders, but instead GPS tracking everybody at all times to see where they're at.
Most stupid phrase I heard today Mexican - American
Forget the wall let's pull out of these countries and strengthen are border's with are military that's the only way to effectively doing
I hear Pogo boy and the bear in the background wow
How were you not laughing your ass off about the "x-ray" borders haha
The second very out of breath man, just described basically invisibly microchip tracking immigrants without there consent, forcing them through field of radioactive waves often, and having the ever so kind police force do sweeps of cities to monitor the movements of said immigrants. Trump would be proud.
How can he be for the wall if clearly statistics show the immigration is bringing innovation and jobs for al of us and not crime?
StevenCrowder is just a typical American citizen with obviously no global awareness... Change my mind. 

(Not in correspondence to just this video)
Is not necessary to build a wall
Love the channel dont agree with your views but love your open talks
Build the wall  ,deport them all !
The ignorance is real.
scientifical
You probably shouldnt have showed that First Lady. She didnt really say anything useful that the public needed to see, and if she rolls with the kind of people that she says and they see this shes fucked, if they personally knew her and got deported or arrested, shes in legitimate danger.
A wall wont change anything tbh beside build an obstacle for an immigrant to get in you can go under a wall( knowing how low you have to dig) or fly over with a visa or go over sea on a tour to the us, the people he interviewd are stupid
I'm a Mexican and the only issue I have with the wall is the environmental issues that it can cause like dividing territories of animals and messing with their ecosystems
No offense but... perhaps filter some of these people...
5:06 The boy has the face of an Aztec peasant, Spanish my ass
Leroy is a fucking moron! Thats cleara , you knowa whata I meana?
Crowder this lady might get attacked by the dudes
@10:46 sounds like he is just hinting at building a high tech wall lol
Why would you want to actually build a physical wall? You know how much that shit would cost and how impractical that would be? I'm Australian so I don't really care about your immigration problem, I'm just saying actually building a wall is the stupidest thing I've heard of.
Do liberals are retarded change my mind
Let's start deporting all the illegal aliens  Europeans who traveled a ocean to get here and kill , murder , rape , enslave , All the Native Civilization that where here .. they are the ones who need to be Deported back to Europe across that Ocean ... lets not forget they used Jesus Christ to justify millions of Human Murdered ...
Wow New Mexico youre fucked if this guy wins
Yea but the wall wont fix literally a thing
It's not gonna stop them so why build it? So that a bunch if people cam make money$$$
This non Mexican "Spaniard" 
I dont think its fair to say this guy is stupid but, it just goes to show that the majority of people do not research and investigate the actual data and criteria with certain propositions and ideas to help the United States. Majority of people get defensive and then let personal ego blurt out any nonsense that, in their minds, make them feel right.
Im also a latin but I hate seeing some latins talking shit or talking when they do not know anything and make the rest of Latinos as ignorants
The fucked up part is that they blur her face but not her id 
I agreed so far with him on all the topics. But this one? No
i dont agree with you on this
Please blur her ID tag
If I saw him with this I would tell him BUILD THE WALL hell yeah TRUMP
Whats the ecological cost of something like that? How much natural resource do we have left? Why are we not addressing garbage in the Pacific Ocean that has formed a Texas sized pile? Why we are not implementing alternative energy resources? Maybe just maybe clear up the debris that orbits the earth and maybe destroy some dams while were at it? Mother Nature gets mad and says fuck you to us from time to time. Ask any earthquake or volcano or tornado or tsunami or hurricanes and if were not careful a nuclear haloucast(misspelled). My point is lets stop being so decisive and lets save ourselves together; because the record shows Mother Nature: undefeated and O humanity barely hanging on.
That dude with the back pack is spun out
I DEADASS GOT A TRUMP ADD TELLING US TO BUILD A WALL
This doesn't prove shit honestly I woudve just fuck this nigga up and had him post it up for the views fucking lame ass fool
Here u guys are, all supporting this Steven guy and calling out the people he interviewed, but he came well prepared and did research before setting up the table. Meanwhile, these people from the streets have to be put on the spot, yet be expected by you guys to give statistics. Fair and square ain't it?
This just proves there are uneducated people on both sides
Bruh i was hoping id see smarter people discuss
When can you come to Arizona? I know multiple people that would love to have a sit down conversation with you that are not only adults but also the youth of our nation aging from 8th to 12th grade.
An Xray border is not a strong argument 
I got a build a wall ad tryna watch this lmaoo
Probably the scariest thing Ive ever heard
Leroy needs to lay off the Netflix
Pause then go to 0:59 they didnt block her face entirely
Im not Mexican, Im Spanish, my family has been living there since 1550
Just my opinion, I know some of this can take years and too good to be true . 
Dont build the wall, save the money for U.S. debt 
Use money for more investigations, raids, and deport immigrants with criminal records illegally, not the ones going to college and working for their families with clean record (but make them pay and finish courses to become a resident ATLEAST)
Use money to BEEF up security on borders 
Stop saying Mexico is paying for the wall 
Make it harder to get U.S. Work visa or citizenship, Use money for more background checks etc .
Why the fuck would u build the wall
I believe that people should be free to live and work wherever they want in the world. We all leave on earth, and we all were randomly born in a certain location on earth. I dont see how im bound to the same location for all my life, and this vise versa to everyone. I believe that borders are a status que that hard to change because thats what people are grown into, but if we were born to a society without borders i think that nobody whould agree to implement borders in any way. We can build a fence around our house for protection but why whould i build a fence around such a large piece of land? If usa portraits itself as the greatest nation on earth then people from 3rd world countries will always will try to immigrate to the best possible situation for themselves, and i think they should cause thats what will create balance to our society, wich is the entire earth population. As a society we are as strong as our weakest link, thus the strong should lift the weak and not put it down. Most of the people in the world are poor, just imagine how they could benefit our society wit the right platform and tools, and im not saying that usa should support the entire world but i wish that more strong countries will try lift the weak and put there money to that instead of creating destructive tools and building giant walls.
The wall is dumb. Illegal immigration is at an all time low. They'll go under the wall, over the wall, planes, boats, its just a huge waste of $. For those who think it will stop drugs, those will just come in through Canada.
ok...so when one says a wall are we saying all sides (N,S,E,W)? Because the focus is mainly one in the South.
That guy was just rambling on and on 
Good lord that guy was not the brightest
That second guy needs to watch Psycho-Pass...freaking frightening...
Mfw
Pineapple should be on pizza change my mind.
I swear some people are incapable of higher thinking
build a dome if you want, just stop saying that Mexico has to pay for your follies.
I'm not for a wall...but let's have something worse, a wall with a x-ray gate....lol
But Donald Trump did say the majority are rapists and murderers 
Trump's wall =$$$
X-ray gate =$$$$$$$$$$$$$
Leroy on that good good
Leroy said boss hogs instead of boss dogs lmao silly ass lil tortilla mexico
Oh my goodness. God, please, watch over New Mexico because if this guy becomes governor theyre in trouble.
Wow, that guy from NM lives in a delusion. And he wants to be governor?
So does Steven actually agree with building the wall?
15 years and 30 billion dollars of tax payer money later untill that wall is up
Let's just build an enormous x-ray scanner across the whole us border and microchip everyone who comes across!
omg that Spanish guy was so retarded...
This guy reworded what border patrol already does, threw in electronic tagging, and presented it like he discovered the answer of all answers.
"Im not Mexican, I'm Spanish."

Yeaaaa....and my dick is 15 inches long
here are my statements:

People should come into the country legally.

If people come illegaly,deport them,and if they have children in america,deport them too(see Mexican Nationality Law at https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mexican_nationality_law )

Crime should be punished,done by a legal or illegal immigrant, according to the US law.

We should work to legallize the illegals that are productive to communities and without crime records.

Build an electric fence,not a wall.
"Spanish" guy watches too much Blade Runner
He looked mad at the end
Both people seemed to really support the idea of controlling the borders, but a wall is bad....because the media says it is mean?
Im not the best with public speaking but this was hard to watch not because of steven tho
We already have a high rate of poverty amongst American citizens, and this dude @ 8:10 is saying make those illegal immigrants legal citizens and tax them, make everything easy for them instead of fixing our own problems. Problems we already have
dude is payed to stir shit up I clear to me now Steven coward is sold and payed for like a ho
Well I heard most fly in
when you say "mexico is not sending us their best. they are sending us people with problems. they are bring drugs they are bringing crime. they are rapist's. and some I assume are good people" that insinuates that most Mexicans that come here are criminals.if we want to be so tough on immigration lets kick out every person who is not at least 51% native American let them create their own immigration laws and see if they let us back in.
Lol the look you gave at the end was me throughout this entire video
That guys on cocaine or has anxiety
The masterminds have had a idea. "Build a wall
building a wall will cost americans billions...and a ladder cost Mexico $50 pesos.  Money well spent lol 
This is like telling a doctor who beat up a patient that its the patients fault he is injuried and doesnt deserve to go to the hospital. History, hegemony and support of dictators in south america by the USA. USA should be lenient on immigration due to owing reparations.
that guy is kind of dumb i wish i was able to argue with steve bc i would probably win lol
the wall is kind of irrelevant due to the holes, and air travel.
This is confusing...this woman is confusing criminal law with immigration law...if every person was sent back to their country of origin due to crimes committed,  North America would only have Native Americans...which would include mexicans...
The wall will be useless it will be a huge waste of money there is more ways to get into America plus building that wall will make the cartels stronger drugs may be a bit harder to smuggle but when they do get their drug package through it will be more expensive and since drug will be more expensive then those people who are hooked and cant afford it then they will get desperate and do what they need to do to get their fix meaning more crime
Becoming your own sponsor. Thats a new one 
Against the wall because it's ineffective. Border Patrol wants sizemic and thermal sensors with more agents.
I think that building a wall is a waste of money. I also think we should try to find a way to keep illegal immigrants out if the US, but there has to be a cheaper way.
That guy Leroy is by far the most ignorant being i have ever seen on your videos. I am Spanish, my family has been in New Mexico.... definitely not Mexican. Please classify him as anything but Mexican.
10:34 lets just build a hiant xray scanner instead of a wall
Im sorry to say this but I believe the homie Leroy was stoned asf at this moment
Steven Crowder for president!
X-Ray, Chip, Servile and Over Tax...Holy Shit just build the Fucking Wall.
Watching this guy talk killed my braincells
This guy is so stupid, Im sorry Im a Latina America citizen. But this guy talking to Steven wants everyone get a easy way with citizenship. They need a wall to stop this criminals for coming here, to stop bringing drugs, to stop the human trafficking coming from Mexico. Trump put that wall soon. We having and my state Mexican trying to kidnap women with childrens and Walmart. So is and others store. They are all looking Mexican doing this kidnaping.
Just tax them and the us gets the revenue than the us can use that revenue to pay for them and their kids.
@stevencrowder where do you get your statistics. Genuinely curious. Not sarcastically asking. Do you have a link ?
I would have love to be there and changed ur mind bc Ive changed many peoples mind on the border and their view on immigrants and how they have identified them to be
The wall is just a terrible waste of tax dollars.
How many illegal canadians are in the country
Who's is going to pay for it 
This guy was high
I really don't have a dog in this fight at all.  However I would rather we take that border wall money and spend it on upgrading the US infrastructure for better bridges, roads, and Electrical grid.   My view point Is that the wall doesn't harm anyone so why not build it but I'm good either way. I don't agree with Trump on making Mexico pay for a wall the US wants however.
I think that illegal immigrants that commit crimes should be deported. But I think that illegal immigrants that contribute to the economy should be given a chance at citizenship. I also think citizenship should be made simpler for people from Mexico so theyre more likely to get it in the first place. In the end, wall or not most illegal immigrants get to the United States on a plane.
Sooo...are these people just going to ignore the fact that human trafficking is perhaps one of the biggest problems affecting Mexico, and a lot of it has to do with the lack of border patrol between Mexico and the US?

A border wall will definitely help deter the problem...but alone it won't stop it completely. If nothing is done then in a couple of years when the new president of Mexico fucks up the place due to socialist policies...then even liberals will ask for a border wall.
The zoom in to his face at then end  hes like "wtf did i just listen to" 
This is the biggest L Ive ever felt as a Latino
2nd guy is being illogical lol
that guy in the end is retared
That guy is a fuking moron.. lol X-Ray gate.. hahahaha
I wish I could encounter this guy , I would love to talk about this topic . Lol plus the Spanish wanna be guy sounded dumb stupid 
As a conservative, i think building a wall is a stupid idea. These coyotes bringing in these illegals are not hopping fences. Theyre crossing tunnels. Plus it has an obnoxious price tag, we could use those funds for something else
come on man this is like challenging a mentally handicapped kid to a fist fight.  Pick someone that actually has something logical or intelligent to say!  Theyre out there somewhere.!
Feels like the real agenda of this show is to show how stupid a lot of people are out there.  You dont really want anyone to change your mind if you did I expect you would choose more formidable adversaries.
Michael Scott for governor!
That dude was high af on coke and adderall lol
"Im not mexican, Im spanish" Oh papi dont lie
13:14  meeeeee
OMG.. is anybody else having like a nails-on-chalkboard moment everytime this guy holding the GoPro on himself ends words that end in a vowel with an extra "uh" syllable at the end of them?
Fix Mexico's corrupt government! Why is the greatest country on Earth next to people who are suffering?
Change your mind?   Easy.   Very first thing that popped into my mind was... "So what is supposed to happen to all the millions of animals that routinely cross the border all the time as part of their usual migration patterns in those area while feeding, migrating, etc?"

Yeah, sure, ok... they'll adapt over time (or die). As I'm sure they did after the Great Wall of China occurred.

In concept, I like the idea of the wall... but in reality, it seems like a huge ill thought-out idea.  What kind of ill-thought out consequences would their be for the wildlife directly confronted with this new obstacle?  Has anybody studied or documented what effect the Great Wall of China had on the animals stuck on one side or the other of it?  How long it took for affected species to adapt?

Also, being a native Californian (unfortunately) I realize that our economy demands that we have cheap exploitable labor at our disposal. It's just the way it is.  

To make things fair. Something I've often suggested is the following. Make it so that a child born in the US is not automatically considered a citizen.... unless at least one of it's parents is a natural born, or legally naturalized citizen of the US. That's it. That's all you'd have to do.

I'm tired as hell of having these folks rush to make it past the finish line of the border just so their kids can be born here and have MY tax dollars spent on THEIR education (public education) and THEIR healthcare (feds allowing hospitals to write-off a bunch of the fees that won't be paid by low income immigrants, who do you think pays for that? We Do!), etc.

And then... ya gotta imagine like in a movie scene where the lead guy of this Wall project is all leaning back on it.. arms crossed.. feeling proud and admiring his work... when all of a sudden, maybe 100 yards away from him he starts to hear a sound.... then something starts burrowing up out of the soil just on this side of the wall. He looks over, and its a set of human hands...
Its amazing the level of ignorance by the average person in this country.  They truly are unaware of what is true and what is propaganda.  Who is to blame? The mainstream media and willfully bliss who absorb what they are being told and parrot what they are told.
He probably meant not so much a xray but a scanner to identify an identity chip.

If we were to use identity chips then the country could put these scanners literally everywhere and always know where you are. It's not a very free system for people. 

Also this idea sounds like border security, the very thing he said we shouldn't have.
Bro.. youre Mexican stfu.
This dude is living in 2035
We are in 2018 while this guy is in 2091
Dont build a wall just take away every humans freedoms and put an electronic chip in them and radioactively scan them when they cross the border. Lol. Heck just scan at state, county and city borders too. People legit scare me
Land mines would way more cheaper and effective!
So he's not Mexican but his family was there since 1550 ?
We tag sharks and other animals to track migration. Put a tracker on people who come here illegaly before we put them back. That way we know when they try to come back. You get your tracker removed when you earn legal status
Im a cheap prick!
"Bhat who is salling the drugses?" good point
My family is immigrants and I still support enforcing our borders. Im all for immigrants coming to the US but I am 100% against illegal immigration into the US. Come legally or dont come at all.
The New Mexican is on some good shit!

Anyway, although this wasnt much of a debate, I am definitely against the wall. I can think of a million better ways to spend the money. Every other developed country can manage their immigration without a physical wall...
Yup,  this problem requires a M A S T E R M I N D
The spanish dude has the right mind, but wrong ideas. He had no idea to explain himself.
Electronic ID tag 
If the united states made it easier for people to immigrate legally they wouldnt have so many problems with illegal immigration. Same as with drivers licence, as soon as they oppened the oppertunity for all, most people obtained it now for those who didnt it is easy to tell they have problems with the law.
I don't support illegal immigration, but building a wall is nothing but a waste of tax dollars. It won't fix the issue. They'll still find a way into the country. I'd be surprised if it even slowed down the rate at which they enter.
I like a lot of ur change my mind,  but not this one
HAHAH DID ANYONE NOTICE THE LADY HAS A PLANT IN HER DRINK
LEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEROY
  siebrufoenwbeidodne sjdndmsosja sjs!
im confused, do they actually believe these things? like do they actually support the wall?
an X-RAY boarder?!? Yeah, kids dont do drugs or you too will have idioc ideas you think are brilliant!
You need a wall for that x ray sensor.
Ive seen this first hand also. Criminals dont get deported while nice, hard working  ilegal  immigrants get deported all the time! 
Ive seen ilegal people getting pregnant just to have a card to stay in this country. 
The amount of shit Ive seen just make me want to vomit. 
Build the wall, deport all criminals and tax the money that leaves the country. 
I want my children to live in a nice country! 
Not being hit and run by some drunk illegal alien that doesnt have any remorse for killing people while intoxicated. 
All nice immigrants should be welcome! Just kick the bad ones! The system is broken ! Please allow Trump to fix it!
BUID A WALL WITH YOUR ASS!!..,
Can someone tell me which statistics Crowder is referring too about Illegal Immigrants committing more crime than natural citizens? I am trying to find it for a citation I am doing but having no luck
Waste of money. Ladders, digging,drones and etc
A physical wall does not stop people from entering
They need to build the damn wall,its so damn hard to find a damn job bc all the Mexicans got the hoes
Fuck that shit they need to stay the ass in Mexico if that where the need to be at
If Mexico were Nigeria, the US will need not just a wall but a moat and archers.  Gonna be some World war Z  at the boarders everyday.
If we build a wall on the Mexico-U.S. border then we should do the same up north on the Canadian-U.S. border
Dude at 10:00 is a moron.
x ray lol please deport that guy
This guy gives me a headache.
Go Green Global has 5 subs and 1 video.
13:16 that face though 
is that dude on meth or some shit?
Shouldve changed her voice bro
sure, it makes perfectly sense to build a checkspot without walls to the sides... sure all the people will pass through there.
Put some socks on
You could tell homie is from NM haha
No offense but i hope that 2nd guy never becomes Governor of NM
Yall gotta leave Leroy alone, sure an x-ray border aint the greatest idea, but as Crowder said, he was on the spot. He still made a couple good points though.
Omg the guy from new Mexico, makes me cringe. I know people like that , that talk out their assssssssssss.
Lol What the hell was Leroy talking about, was that moron high?!!!!
Leeroy is definitely tweaking
That Spanish guy was smart
Just because you are a republican doesnt mean you have to support that wall.
6:52 Is that an R32??
The Mexican dude sound retarded af
A wall is a waste of money, we already waste too much taxpayer money and conservatives are supposed to be about small government
The guy that sat down is a fucking retard talm bout a fucking xray scanner wtf
Haha I get it the only topic you won't really all you won't talk about seriously lol
That guy was a clown
Drugs-uH
"The Drugza"
No borders no standards. Hence, the second one interviewed.
"i'm not mexican I'm spanish" lol
Build a wall that shoots frickin laser beams.
whos that skinny chick in the back? she's hot as fuck!
Why do u talk to the biggest idiots?  hurts my brain listening to these fucks
the first guy has his own show ?
This guy Leroy might be one of the dumbest fucks ive ever listened to
Leroy is smoking some hell of a crack
Scientifical 
10:50

THIS man is talking about Idiocracy the movie when every one has/needs a barcode to live. Lol
The wall is pointless.  They already have tunnels.  If you want to waste taxpayers money go ahead.  I say unmanned aerial drones with non lethal ammo would work way better. More cost effective. Less need for border patrol agents as they wouldnt need to patrol rather go out to calls from the drone pilot.
Chicanos are stupid asf. Mexicans come in a variety. The ones born here are the lazy fucks. The Paisas are the hard working ones. Out of all fuken mexican people a dumb ass chicana lady had to sit and speak for mexicans fuk. Were fked
Lol
I don't like the idea of a wall... but hear me out on this one, we could build a giant x-ray scanner along the border and track immigrants in real time wherever they are so we can tax them. What kind of drugs do they got down south? I need them
im spanish im from.... new mexico.... since like 1550s. 

wut
When that Spaniard talked about borders are going to be a thing of the past. I don't think he gets how reality works what a stupid statement. All throughout history there has always been struggle for power to grab land, look at China they don't own South China Sea yet they're trying to claim it by making Islands out there. There's a reason why we don't have many wars today is because we already claimed all the land that has to be claimed on Earth. I would one hundred percent agree on an idea if that there was more land on Earth that needed to be conquered there would be more Wars. Wait till we get to Mars, and if we do terraform it just watch... there will be conflict on grabbing up land
Man, everybody knows building the wall is just a political statement. Why even bother pouring billions of dollars towards the construction of something that will not even work. Illegal immigrants crossing the border will not see the wall and just turn back and give up. These people come all the way from Central America and beyond a wall aint gonna do shit. This was just a stunt from Donald Trump to gain more votes but people like this guy take it too seriously.
Im not even going to lie, Steven. I was opposed to the wall before clicking on this video but I must say, this video kind of made me more open minded to the idea. It makes more sense now. Appreciate these types of videos brother, they allow me to open my eyes and take in new perspectives. Keep up the good work!
60 percent of illegal immagrints are from asia, guess we got to build a wall around the whole GODDAM country
Spanish not Native American lol
1550s? Yeah right. What a dumbass
I can prove they aren't buildings a wall to keep people out
He's not Mexican, but his family has been in Mexico since the 1500's? Dude sounded like a moron every time he opened his mouth......
I'm interested in the science of that X-Ray border scanner
11:41 wow this guy has come up with a ton of great ideas in only three years that he's been thinking about it, he should definitely be governor.. holy shit it's scary how delusional people are
This guy is just going places....
As a mexican, in my opinion the discussion with this thing is overrated, there is already a wall and we (mexicans) dont complain about it. Although my feeling with american immigrant policy is what you would expect, americans are too extremist and protectionist (mostly republicans). Taking for example that I lived in Germany for one year abroad (for high school) and I never struggled nor in the airport neither with police because of being a foreigner, in comparison when I travel to the US when I want to cross the border to go to San Antonio, police make an interrogative session just because I want to go to the Riverwalk to buy some clothes.
I hate how people choose to believe something is bad with no actual reason lol
This is the only one that I disagree with so far man.
Why did none of them talk about the cost of the wall, that is the only argument against it
I live in Las Cruces, New Mexico. We are doomed if this guy gets elected governor.             "Scientifical X-ray Boarder"
As a Mexican American I dont care if you wanna build a wall. Just know that's your tax money going to waste.
We should like micro chip them and track them when going through the border and write an essay on why you are passing the boarder. He didnt say that but this man would probably say that.
Everyone wants a wall. Just not physical one 
Damnit Leroy!
I don't think I've ever heard anything like Leeroy's idea before. I don't agree with the idea in general, but it suprises me that there's more options being brought to the table. It's not often you see new ideas like this. I'm still Pro wall though. :)
Let's turn the U.S. in to giant walled castle!! And put signs on the wall that read, "If you weren't invited, stay out or you will be shot on sight. Thank you, have a nice day."
That is after we put Firearm Education into schools finally. Because that's the only true gun-control, Education!! (Seriously, not a joke) :)
I dont think we need a wall we need greater surveillance possibly with drones and hire more boarder patrollers
this video probably got that lady killed
The dude from Spain is like... talking about stuff from comic books
Don't really need a wall. Just need unlimited open season on illegals crossing the border. I'm sure there are a lot of Texas, Arizona and New Mexico residents that would love it and help out.
this guy is Talking in a Circle, he just wants open Boarders!
Your intro made me laugh so loud  How do we report those people? Lmaoo
like Crowder is ok.... pogo and that Walther shirt is why I'm here.
Your not gonna get a wall..."get over it"...:D
As if a normal wall wasnt expensive already just make a x-ray one
Holy fuck this guy's living in a fantasy world. 
X ray borders??????
Leroy stupid liar. He isn't Spanish. He is obviously Mestizo not White italic.. Spain is NOT his country. Latino and Latin are not the same either. Hispanic is not the same thing. God these people are just uneducated.
this Mexican guy is why Trump wants to build a wall... they have enough dumb mother fuckers
Nonsense answer why we shouldn't build a wall.
Taxing immigrants is the most retarded thing Ive ever heard
What these people dont understand is that Mexico built a wall to keep Guatemalans out of there country so why should America do it Im all for the wall and they should do it! Because if they do jobs would go down from all the Illegal Mexicans coming in.
What the fuck is the second guy talking about?
So, he is actually describing putting a chip in every one. As they cross the border it scans the chip , then informs the IRS to start following them so they can collect taxes before they hop the border.
why the fuck do this dumbfucks sit down and talk about shit they have no idea about
Fuck Rachel mad cow ad.
Its funny how the dude at 5:10 defends mexicans but distances  from them by calling himself "spanish".Hilarious, because he obviously is not spanish-he is mexican (aztec).Spanish are europeans and they look european (in fact almost 1/5 of the spanish population has blond or brown hair and light coloured eyes).He does not.  The devil is always in details.
I hate you for schooling my less intelligent peepz like this... LMAO 
Building a 2,000 mile wall is useless and ridiculous. Im against illegal immigration, but a big wall is idiotic and unrealistic
"Building the wall won't work", tell that to the Chinese with the great Wall of China. Also how about fences around people's property. Now I'm not saying a wall is 100% effective, but it is definitely a deterrent if nothing else. It's like having a car sitting in a bad area with the keys in it vs, a car with the windows closed and locked. It's much easier to turn someone away with a barrier between them and their goal.
It's kind of misleading to say that illegal immigrants commit crime at a disproportionate rate to regular citizens and not mention the fact that the crime rate has fallen over that past 30 years while immigration levels have increased. Taking Steven on his word without actually citing the study is the same sort of anecdotal argument he tries to fight against in a lot of other videos.

Source: https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2018/03/30/upshot/crime-immigration-myth.html
37% of homicides are not done by undocumented immigrants... bullshif
My family are legal immigrants but I was born here. And its incredibly heart breaking how Hispanics try to come here for a better life but its hard for them to. And Im so fucking thankful that I was able to be born in this great country. But my family came here LEGALLY. Fair and square. Like i said its heart breaking for the poor familys out of this country who cant provide for there family but you cant illegally come here and not only cost the government trouble, but your family.
Was I the only one who got a headache because of the second guy?
Is that kid high on coke or something?
This one is not good. I want to see some triggered people!!
Nearly had a stroke listening to the second conversation
Fucking A, I can feel my IQ dropping with every passing second of listening to this Spanish guy. What a kumquat.
Were living in 2018, meanwhile this guys living  in 3048 suggesting having x ray borders... 
I think he just show what we want to see, if he show all the people who have really good points it wouldnt be so good for the image ,Here we are watching the message from StevenCrowder and his opinion. Is just one face of the coin.
That look in the end is priceless let's tax it 
Wow I am embarrassed being from New Mexico now lmao
The last guy... Jesus fucking christ... Think before you speak punkass.
4:22 wait what?
It was funny but waste of time listening to someone who can barely speak
yeah why don't USA send out citizenships to everyone in the world 
no more illegal migrants 
and the USA tax everyone...
Well America is very lenient to illegal immigrants which is not something that there is much of in other countries
Doesnt support a wall. What should we have? Describes a high tech wall
Bruhhh, this dude said an X-ray wall...........
The lady is probably in some acid barrel by now...
xray, dude in what world do u live in lol
We need reproductive law imposed immediately for the x-ray wall dumbass
If you believe a wall is going to stop immigration you better get your facts right, that only limits one specific way to get across. There are so many illegal ways into the u.s. If anything it's just going to cost us more tax money when Mexico doesnt pay for it. I'm all for stopping illegal immigration but seriously guys a wall?! That's a pretty small minded idea I mean it's so practical. I would've put up a firm debate against him on this because I'm not against the idea of stopping illegal immigration, I'm against the idea of building a useless symbolic wall.
That guy has to be on drugs Jesus
Hello immigrants! Come through this gate so we can get your ID and tax you! We dont like bad people coming into the country. Those with bad intentions please dont just go across the border unnoticed, this xray gate is only 3 ft wide in comparison to the 1000mile long border. If you go past it oh well, n-n-no fuck they all just went over god damnit! If only we had a wall.
I agree with the enforcement, I just dont think a wall will actually do anything. The wall doesnt fix the issues with tunnels being built. And people will always find ways to get to this country. For instance overstaying their visas... I think we should use the money for the wall and invest it in better technology and more ice agents
Imigration reform: yes
Build a wall: seems cost ineffective
"I'm not Mexican, I'm Spanish"  Lol, I have heard that one before!
"I'm not Mexican I'm Spanish"
I think building a wall is a waste of money since most illegals come from flying
The second guy is living in a imaginary world of his mind
So instead of a wall, we should just micro chip all humans. Freedom...
The question is why, how, when did we let these fucking retards into our country who think they know what is best for our country? A country with no borders is not a country at all. And that dumbass wants to be the governor of NM? Wow
It doesnt make sense that he says 37% of crimes are committed by illegal immigrants, but everyone says that blacks commit 53% of all crimes. So youre telling me 90% of all crimes are committed by black people and immigrants? Even though America is 77% white? Those stats dont add up.
Usually enjoy these but the statistics Steven referenced are just not true. See PEW or even reports from the conservative think tank Cato Institute.
Even if tagging everyone was a good idea, which its not, why was it so hard for Leroy to understand that there would still need to be some sort of border with a checkpoint spot to read the tags?  If there were no borders, why would anyone go get tagged to then adhere to a checkpoint that you could easily walk around? lol....I guess his idea does decrease drug trafficking though. Cause it would be legal to just walk it on over. All the druglords could come and go as they please. Nobody has discussed how this would effect not only mexicans but the rest of the world.  In his mind all illegal aliens would be allowed over from anywhere. He specified that "people" were going to travel fast and "borders" were going to be a thing of the past.
If you own a house, do you have a fence between your house and your neighbors?
If you have a house or apartment, do you have a front door?  And if do, do you keep it locked when youre not there?  
Why do you have those things?
I'm not with you on this one Crowder. A lot of illegal immigrants actually come to the country legally and just overstay.

A wall would also be extremly expensive, it wouldn't be worth it, imo.
I don't think illegal immigration is a major issue but if you want to put a foot down on illegal immigration, just expand drone usage, perhaps with automated software that recognizes movement or unusual heat patterns, and then have it notify a responsible border officer including video so he can check if it's an animal or human. I'd assume that is technically very much feasible and would probvably be a lot cheaper.
That "Spanish" guy has no idea what he's talking about.
Instead of building a wall, we should send these people back to school to get educated, New Mexico since 1550s 
"Yoo can't builda wall, coz yoo don't be able to come baaaack..."
This type of uneducated statement is why the libtards even have a voice.
Love you Man!!!
I don't mean to be super-religious based argument man, but white-shirt man is proposing some 1984/end-of-days/anti-christ type shit. Pretty disturbing. moves 1984 from fiction to non-fiction in my local library
Someone teach this guy how to use words other than like and yeah in every sentence. Do you support illegal immigration ? Then you should also support a scenario where anyone from any country should be able come to the US as well. No international laws at all. Why just be it Mexicans... let people flood and overpopulate the US from all over the world because if you say only allow Mexicans in, youre just a little bias whining twat with no jurisdiction at all.
It's not Mexico it's everything south of Mexico that we need to worry about when they're economy shits the bed. They will flee here.
A wall would be just a waste of money for the US
White shirt guy is straight up tripping
The guy suggested to reward illegals if they cross the border, so the ramification is the boarder will be flooded with different illegal nationalities. People from other countries don't need to apply for citizen they just simply travel to mexico as tourist then cross the border then grant incentives to work. Poor american, they will lose their own country which they build with their heart and soul.
...what the fuck drug is that guy on
Fuck I wish I could do an interview like that these people are just strait up uneducated
"how many illegal immigrants commit crimes?" literally all of them. their existance as illegal immigrants is, by definition, illegal and therefore a crime
Crowder, could you post your statistics in the description?
you enjoy talking to idiots, good for you :)
MIND FREAK!
Before I say why I disagree with a wall I want everyone to know that yes I agree with we should have better support at the border and also need to have a better process for people who want to become US citizens. I wont get into a political battle of why I disagree with a wall but just want to talk about how we can improve the border with a wall. The national guard that helps the border patrol has more cameras to see what's going on at all times. If we put more money into making boarder portal agents/national guard troops with my technology it will be able to watch the areas to where they have had issues before. In history most walls that have been made at boarders have been taken down with change. I just think that if you want to have more people be us citizens let them come in but have to get a job, pay taxes and go through the process with taking the test. Those are just my thoughts
you'd be able to tell who it was even if you blur their face. Probably something I can argue with, most other things I agree with from this channel.

- The wall is a ridiculous cost to the taxpayer when there are so many other areas that could pump this money into. not to mention the ongoing maintenance cost.

- Mexicans are on the decline coming into the country, and also hard working people.

- It's ridiculous to expect mexicans to pay for the wall for something america wants

- the homicide rates and drug trade could be related. a solution could be found there to drive those rates down.

- it's very a very undiplomatic (is that a word?) approach to your direct neighbours and sends a bad message to the legal immigrants from mexico already in the country.
I agree with the fact that illegal immigrants should not be allowed but building a wall seems dumb. That would require a bunch of our tax money...... I think there should be some border enforcement just not a wall
To the second guy. What??
How do you fix the illegals immigrant problem

The Spanish guy says make them legal citizens 

Genius

Governor ,,,run for president
Lol. Tax the illegals? How. Theres a reason for not going into the system and working for cash under the table.  One criteria for citizenship should be conforming with US laws. Someone who doesn't want to conform to our systems and rules shouldn't be granted citizenship and be shipped out plain and simple.  
Deport the violent illegals causing problems.
Building a wall isn't gonna change anything, not only are there already tunnels built, they also have latters in Mexico ...but not only that there are certain areas of the border that are too difficult to direct construction on because of rocky or steep areas, plus who's really gonna pay for the wall? Mexico? The U.S.A.? Trump? No one will pay for something that's unnecessary.
X Ray, digital scanners?! He fancy as fuck, the Spanish Elon Musk, easy there dreamer...
The last guy was a complete uneducated dotard. His arguments were without merit or evidence.
The funny thing is that trump supporters actually think the wall is to keep Mexicans out. It's to keep Americans in when this country goes under the new world order.
I still disagree,  I don't want the wall built precisely because, humans a clever individuals, they will find a way.  I believe in securing the border, but find  a more cost effective way. A giant wall looks to be like a waste of money.  Hire border patrol agents and increase drone operations, sensors,  towers, heavy presence of good guys with guns. Hell, deploy the National Guard they need something to do.
I like that guy
Oh my god 
X ray may give them cancer but listening to this guy surely will give me cancer
When has a wall actually worked in history?
Please build the wall..
This guy is an idiot Trump did say that Mexico is bringing the worst criminals rapist drugs Smugglers to this country
This is what kills me, this dude can barely speak and his vote counts just as much as mine. And how does he sound like a east L.A. Mexican, but he's "been here since the 1550s".
Why are uneducated people even allowed to have opinions LMAO.  These people speak like theyre a 4th graders book report.
I dont think the majority that stop to talk to you is not understand your political statement and the main goal is to change your mind about your beliefs on the topic. For example build the wall and it drives me nuts, because they feel that they need to yell and curse at you but some individuals have been supportive at your cause. the first guy that you had an intelligent conversation had me at lost but the look on your face was priceless lol 
I like this series but even when is open for "everyone" is clear that you are far more prepared for this, so at the end, you are reinforcing your view in your channel. 
I'm a Mexican (legally living in US) soccer fan so, soccer analogy, is like if Real Madrid team comes and plays any of the MLS, RM are better prepared, more equipped at the end whomever end ups watching the game end ups with the wrong idea that is a team that superior to the rest of them, but is because they are not equally prepared for that match, event when the MLS team are professional players, are not equally prepared.
I like the guys ideas and you can tell he is really trying. He is making some stupid ideas but at least he is trying
His ancestors live in the USA from XVI century, but he still cant speak English properly. America, why do you need such stupid people?
Deport them all
Let's just put in an invisible fence and put collars on all the brownies
Yeah, Leroy is bringing the drugs in. Just not sharing with any one, he is so not right. Jesus
I find it amazing how people sit there and cant even articulate their arguments smh
Build that Force Field!
Leroy is a fucking dumbass.
MASTERMIND INDIVIDUALS
Has he ever had his mind changed
Don't a lot of people come in through tunnel systems? So would the wall not be a waste of money?
13:17
"yea....this country's fucked"
My only problem with the wall is that I don't think it will work all that well, and it will be incredibly expensive. So a very expensive thing that won't work too well. I think immigration needs more control, but there must be a better way, though maybe a wall is the best plan, but if so then it should be similar to the wall that divides New Helghan from the rest of Vetka for maximum efficiency.
The building of a wall would mean a fucking outrageous waste of money and resources that in the end wouldn't change anything.

How about the u.s changes it's own society before wasting resources and money on a moronic project?
Definitely had to blur the first ladys face, so much for LA RAZA LA RAZA UNITIY LMAO
Take a shot every time the mexican dude says "uh"
The x-ray guy has his own show? does anyone know what's its called? Looking for a good laugh
I want to see xray guys channel.....
When they are done with the southern border they should head north and build it around California too.
Illegal Mexicans are not paying taxes. Just because you have a portion taken out of your paycheck so your employer can pay his taxes does not mean you pay taxes. Do you have a Social Security number? no! do you file taxes during tax season? no! do you pay property tax? No!. So you do not pay taxes, so stop that liberal bullshit lie
Ignorant Mexicans who come here illegally and refuse to learn our language is a real issue that needs to be addressed. Imagine if I cross the border into Mexico illegally and refused to learn Spanish, how far do you think Id get?
1. wont change a thing 2. for those wanting to build the wall. what are your thoughts on wet foot dry foot?
lmao he expects ILLEGAL immigrants who want to live and scrub off others for FREE, to just VOLUNTARILY walk through an xray point to get scanned?
lmao. they just gonna walk around it.
A wall is kind of silly, because they already make bigger tunnels:) Obviously it will not help, only become more expensive and dangerous for the illegal immigrants.
They will get in, or at least the hardcore criminals will. Cheaper options are better. Deportation and enforcing borders is good, do not get me wrong. Wasting your money on a wall though sounds really silly though and not well thought through.
Leroys first comment says tax people coming in. I just dont get how people think taxes fix all problems.
Sooooo, he wants to let them in and use them for financial gain..................... right.
edit: Never mind, it got WAY more strange only minutes later.
Dude x-ray Total Recall scanner!!! Wouldn't that be cool? Well....... uck you bic u pay for the god damn technology. Can't we just be fuckin civil and nuke Mexico already
The Spanish guy is sooooooooo dumb.
Immigration reform, great idea. Building a wall, extrandanarly expensive and impractical. Pretty simple. Don't disagree with Crowder often, but don't waste the tax payers money.
Building the wall will create a safe space for US citizens. Now, your not denying me my safe space are you??
That Spanish dude is one of the dumbest people I have had to listen to ever. WTF!
The last basically would be happy providing accommodation to a whole town in his house
Wow that mexican guy was very stupid wasn't he?
Racism, you talk about Mexicans being illegal. You white people establish a colony by raping Native American women. Pathetic
The Drugzuhh.
Building a wall has never been good in any country, we dont need one either
what the fuck was that guy talking about?
Hey Steven, I'm new to your channel (binge-watching Change My Mind) :) Intrigued but kind of skeptical as a convert to Roman Catholicism. In brief, I might propose that the Wall is a symbol - and symbols are important, and have been throughout history. I know that this doesn't point to a statistic or other more tangible citation for the argument, but I bet that a guy as well-researched as yourself understands the palpability of such a symbol.

Hey, it's been super refreshing to hear your Socratic approach in the public forum -- our young people especially have been starved of real argument... it's like coming up for air after writhing under the waters of irreproachable moral relativism. *GASP!

P. S. I'd love a personal response to discuss Catholicism -- I sense that you and I have a lot in common, but could both really benefit from some civil debate. God bless you, my brother,

James
Drugsuh
X-ray gate... please deport him..
You are a very patient man.
What scares me about a wall isn't that people can't come IN, it's that if Marshall law is EVER inacted, Americans wouldn't be able to get out!
Him. X-Ray gate that reads your ID
Harvard: Nigga you want a scholarship?
All we need to do is build around Leroy's brain and genitals, God help us if he gets another chance to express his point of view and God help us if he ever reproduces
wish someone with more knowledge stepped up . i disagree on his vies but its because i know reform could be done differently.
That Spanish dude is clueless. Im glad he sat down and was open to some dialogue but he completely contradicted himself. How can you know who to tax if you cant control who is coming in?
That 1st guy was the dumbest fucking person Ive ever seen
That. Is. It. I'm gonna call you Chip \_()_/.
TRUMP!  YEE YEE, 
Just cause you dont know any people that bring in drugs doesnt mean it doesnt happen
Not trying to be a dick but Leroy is not the sharpest tool in the shed was Miss Teen South Carolina circa 2007 his school teacher? I was waiting for a "with like such as U.S. Americans" drop.
A 10 feet wall will only increase the demand for 11 feet ladders
Woah. X-Ray guy is crazy.
Did you know that from the U.S mexican border down to South America that those countries are responsible for over one quarter of the murders in the world ? Along with the huge production of drugs. Build the wall.
Your face after that clown PROPOSED A WALL (an xrays scanning gateway in his head) was priceless lol
I dont know about Border Patrol but US Airport Security are some fucking assholes. Why can't people be effective at their jobs without being rude inconsiderate bastards? Id rather tell foreigners to just stay home if they consider a visit to the US..
Homes be trippin...
Ahahahha x-ray wall
I'm glad joe rogan called him a fuck face
You should sit down with Wil Weaton and have a chat. That would be awesome and I would buy so much merch if you did. You should consider him as your next throw down similar to the TechCrunch one.
Please do one of these in a Deadpool outfit.
So in essence, the aspiring New Mexico governor Lee-roy is going to adopt and implement ideas from 1940 Nazi Germany but with a modern twist, Microchip them coming in,scan them at the border with high energy X-rays and keep them under observation whilst in American territory, Orwellian Style! Gotcha...
I kind of think the wall is just a little bit stupid
The reason why they never built a wall is cost...so, why don't you all pay for the wall yourselves...then you can have the wall...oh shit, Mexico is going to pay for it...LOL...
An x-ray gate?  So deporting people is bad, but giving them cancer is fine?
So the Mexican doesn't agree with immigration laws but  wants technology that can be hacked to be in charge of immigration and he wants be the governor of  new Mexico......... Wow, Mexico is gonna be alright.
I wonder if Crowder tried lifting bricks between his cheeks to practice for the wall.
Have you seen the wall prototypes and the requirements?  Even if it was possible to build a wall that most people couldn't defeat with a $5 modification on a $15 dollar grappling hook, it would cost billions if not trillions of dollars not to mention maintenance of said wall.  The cost of continual satellite images with boarder patrol is more effective and cheaper.  

Another option is to produce high resolution 360 degree cameras (with infrared) on poles that an AI monitors for movement and notifies a volunteer or min wage work force to pick up people.  The poles would have ping a server every 5 mins to make sure nothing has happened to the camera and the AI should be able to pick up camera blockage.  

Tunnels would still be a problem but a seismic shockwave detector might help with that and provide scientists with valuable earthquake information.  

The "Wall" they are building now is just for show and it is an expensive one at that.  http://www.usdebtclock.org/
What the mexican dud is sugesting is a passport union. For example Sweden, Norway, Denmark and Finland have had that for ages. It works here (i live in Sweden).. or rather, use to work, because the government and police between the countries could share data. But now when we have the EU open border situation it dont work.

It also have to be a situation where people that come in to one country is regestered in the system. For example. If you are a swedish citizen you may pas into norway, but if you are a non Swedish  (or a number of other countires) citizen, you have to register visa to pass in.

This system do work, but only if the countries share information
Mexicans have the lowest iq of any race I think. Idk why but they are really dumb. Its in their genetic makeup that make them so stupid. Thats why we need a wall bc they are so dumb they need to turn to criminal acts to make a living. Thats why the statistics show Asians and Indians dont commit acts of crime bc they have brains and are able to make money bc they are smart. Why cant Mexicans just stay in their country and live with themselves. Why do they feel the need to come to America
That dude's solution to illegal immigration is to have these people go through a legal immigration system?
Are you serious. What part of the ignorance world are these people from. Very polite though.
Theres also the problem that the Illuminati won't give up the x-ray border technology.. I hear they have it stashed away with the 100 mpg carburetor..
That second guy was such a dumbass, it was painful to watch.
I can only speak for myself but I will just teleport past your X-ray border.. So put that in your pipe and smoke it..
Mastermind individuals to help this guy??????.........Anyone wanna help this poor uninformed fella out???? hahahaha I think hes taking some of those opioids.
Xray friggin laser beams that come from space and a written explanation!
This REALLY proves how emotionally gullible and misinformed the vast majority of people are
Wish I would have found this channel sooner. A lot of very interesting debates and topics. Saying this, I don't believe the wall is the right solution. I just think it is a, larger and more expensive,concrete, or whatever it is going to be made out of, version of what we alreadyhave. I don't 
think it will fix any of our illegal immigration problems, but instead just waste money that could go to a better cause to benefit the country or to better solution to illegal immigration.
At least he had manners and was decent, but wow low iq?
Now I really dont like u if tht happens a lot of my family would be gone so I hope u goto hell and god gives u Wht u deserve
USA is a great country. I lived there for eleven years and where some of the best years of my life. Arriving at the age of five illegaly i started school until 9th grade and then deciding to go back to mexico. Ive learned many things about mexico and most of its People. Alot whom are corrupt and selfish. More than US citizens. Obiously theres corrupt People all around the World but i hate how mexicans who live in the USA talk smack about it defending mexico. Its hipocracy. I understand many people cross the border because of econmical needs but it costs way more illegally than legally. Its ones job to get informed and not use it as an excuse. Ive seen that in mexico many people who complain waste their money on garbage food, beer, and parties. I love Amrica and wish to go back soon legally as an athlete to represent it.
This nigga wants to be a governor? Wtf
Taxing illegal immigrants isnt a bad idea though
Why should we build the wall? Aren't we for diversity and equality? More people that come here the more people would be contributing to taxes... What happened to the land of opportunities? And what is a wall really going to do? People get passed it all the time. It's a huge waste of money in my opinion..
10:57 scientifical 
We spend billions on legal and illegal immigrants. Legal Immigrants from Latin America use government aid at a much higher rate, (70%) than immigrants from Europe ( 28%). We can choose who we let in. We dont have to take in the poorest, most uneducated people. We can take more people that will be a benefit to us, rather than a disability to us. Since 1965, weve given preferential immigration to poor third world regions. And thats great, hopefully weve helped those millions of people. But we can elect to make smarter choices about future immigrants. 
I'm mexican and a big fan of your show Crowder! Congratulations, The wall it's not the problem in Mexico its our corrupt government! Saludos desde Mxico lindo y querido!
Ok so Im half Hispanic and I have family over there. My father works in the border where Hispanics cross over here or us Americans go over there he says there shouldnt be a wall because the percent that cross illegally might be  bad but are really really smart and a wall is not gonna stop then they would do anything to cross right now there probably already planning or working on crossing with a wall so I believe there shouldnt be a wall ( I love your videos not hating or anything just my side ):)
Is it me or this guy's seems like he's on something.  Lol.
@StevenCrowder I've seen a few of your change your mind videos.  Not bad.  I agree with some of your points and disagree with others.  I guess I'm what's called a centrist or authorative libertarian. 
I have a few questions for you.

1.  When you say build a wall, where do you want to build this wall and why?

2.  Please tell me, when you say immigrant, why ethnic/national demographic are you speaking of?

Thanks.
Bruh whoever owns that van lives 2 streets down from me
This guy might be on to something an electronic virtual wall but it comes back to the question if someone comes though illegally what happens? What should the action be? That is what really is the question not the wall but how do we handle tho's who don't follow the law.
Gosh that was painful to watch and listen to. Did anyone check to see if he was an illegal alien? Because no normal human being is that stupid. He must be from another planet.
What's up with the dope Walter shirts? Are you guys a fan of Walter
Ay, why dont we just make crossing the border illegal? Checkmate Drumpf.
" lets put an X-ray machine with some engineers and jugglers and clowns with some bears doing tricks at the border.... WTF, is that guy talking about???
The real boss hogs
Fuck!! People are soooooooooooooooooo
 Stupid.
X-Ray gate,hahaha. This guy is an idiot
he talk a lot and makes absolutely no sense...
he'll be a great govener
"Build the wall in your ass " 
You dirty fucks. She didn't want to be heard and you still disrespected her and betrayed the obvious trust she gave you. You prick.
The wall works both ways people.
Building a wall has nothing to do with people entering this country. It's to keep Americans in and this country is so dummied down they cannot see it.
Imagine if there was no wall everyone in Juarez next to the border would come into America..and they are some scary people there
Im against the wall but the nigga w the camera was on something
Im from england and almost everyone i know is anti-trump




(Except the girl i like, thats why im doing my research)
So I'm for strict border policies but a physical wall is idiotic. We have illegal immigrants from Eastern Europe, Southeast Asia and the middle east. They STILL find ways to get here. With a wall we will just see more people traveling to Canada and coming down. I think we give the border patrol more bodies and a higher budget to do their job rather than a big, obnoxious wall that will be torn down anyway the second a Democrat comes into office. God they will be a hero with the left "Look at me tear down this wall" It will be a Reagan-Gorbachov moment for the left.
Who sells that shirt  Walther 
that mexican lady is literally retarded.
im going to mexico so let me grab my lead clothing and get my reason ready to tell the xrays
Lol that woman is a hero  !
Soverignty should NEVER be thrown to the side. Do you want borders on your personal property? Or can I just move on in? 
7:26 Now I might have have a more in depth knowledge about Mexicans and drugs. I used to be an addict ( and a liberal lol) and the best people to score from was The Mexicans. ( I capitilized bc thats what we called them) They were most often associated with the Mexican Mafia and/or MS-13. One could buy heroin balloons (in other areas caps) for $5 a peice if spending $100 or more. It happened when I lived in a small town, it happened when I lived in Columbus Ohio, AND Dayton, Ohio. So ita not just big cities. So when it is stated that they bring drugs over and/or commit crimes in the U.S. I know for a fact it is absolutely true.
 I have been clean for 6 years and jave completely changed my life.
Wow, I love the fact that you put the legal Mexican American in this video. This victim culture is putting real victims in trouble. This woman was afraid to say anything against out loud. I hope she did report!
I think we should take the momentum of why people are behind the wall and the momentum four basic immigration change and border security and all the money that it's whooped up but instead of building a wall but instead of building a wall I think we should put soldiers and or ice units on the border I think we should have two armed security persons stationed 1 mile apart all along the border each station equipped with an armored vehicle and a security dog
Along with boats and any other equipment that the Terrain would call for
I just got dumber listening to the Spanish guy
Did he say his family has been in New Mexico since 1950 ? The first sign of colonization in the America's by Spain were as early as 1492, but from what I recall they only made it to parts of Florida then , correct me if I'm wrong . Nonetheless Leroy is on some good shit lol.
The Wall would only be a monument of racism because it will not stop ilegal immigrants , just a waste of our taxes to gain popularity towards one party.
I think it's funny that people really dont know that THERE ALREADY IS A WALL. Trump is a really smart guy because he got millions to believe that there isnt one already in place 
Steven Crowder, 

can you change your mind? are you willing? IF you are not wiling, no one CAN change your mind. You seem to be saying that you are not wiling, so why should we bother trying?
You should've clarified that illegal immigrants commit those crimes not just migrants.
What the hell he is saying x-ray ...dude u living in 2018 but your little mind think u in 4018 ...x-ray wall 
I believe the main cause that most people are against it is because they are misinformed and don't realize that there is a way to get into the us leagly and yes, it takes some time but it is a way that we can make sure you are here and that if you are in need we can help.
wow....I can't handle this much stupid...how does Steven do it?
I love Crowder, but I hate how his fans shit on non-traditional ideas, since they dont follow societal conventions. Some of the greatest ideas sprouted from unconventional ideas
That Spanish dude said so many outlandish things that sound so fantasy
the drug cartels will keep profiting off of the USA and the illegal immigrants will keep flooding in, i don't see a point in the wall other than a waste of money on a fancy wall
I don't think we should build a wall for many reasons. Some of the biggest is that a wall is a massive use of both money and natural resources. Not to mention that we would have to build on Native American land and through many different ecosystems. A lot of America's schools, science programs, national parks, space exploration, and healthcare are heavily underfunded, and I feel we should not project our time on a wall that will both steer our national budget farther away from those essential things, not to mention the United States would be paying for this for decades to centuries to come. We have fences and border patrols in place, and there is still such thing as flying over and boating around; therefore, the wall would be ineffective too.
Im against the wall, but wow that second guy sounded like an IDIOT
X-ray boarder? LOL
If the wall has to cross over national parks like Big Bend Im not for it. Nothing can change my mind about that. If you want to build a China wall Berlin Wall and avoid national parks go ahead. We have enough man built things all over the country
i want a wall but only because i think it would be cool to have a great wall of america but I don't think that a wall would actually stop anyone from coming in
Building the wall would be a tax. Taxation is theft. Changed your mind I hope.
0.00-0.010 never mind
A Canadian is against immigration when hes in the USA lmao
As a Mexican living in Mexico, I agree with building the wall on the border. In Mexico we do not have many job opportunities, a significant percentage of the country lives in poverty or with the minimum wage (or less inclusive). A new President will take office on December 1 in Mexico, hopefully during these next six years there will be a substantial change, both at the economic and social levels. The government of the United States has every right to build a wall if it means protecting its citizens for them. Mexico has the same problem, many illegal immigrants enter the country, some stay to live but others are only passing through to enter the United States; but some also commit crimes within our territory. Building the wall does not violate human rights in any way, on the contrary, problems such as police brutality on the border would be avoided. The only thing I do not agree with is that Mexico pays for the wall, that must be paid by the United States; Mexico should do its part by generating better and good jobs for its people, so that they do not try to cross into the United States illegally.
Second guy was funny af
A 1,954 mile long x-ray scanner.....this dude high af
Women love to talk shit because they know that some men won't do shit. They are far too comfortable talking shit to men.

If I ever see a woman with a black the only thing I can think of is "man, Bitch shouldve listened the first time."
Hopefully he gets shot with a 12 gauge
I dont see it slowing down any time soon, the immigrants will come in anyway. That is why we want to build the wall so we can stop them. This guy thinks X-ray borders will stop immigration what a complete moron. (Xrays are used to see through things).
Lmao x ray scanner across the whole boarder huh
Tax all the illegals lmao
I think what he means is he wants to micro chip all Mexicans. That's kinda fucked up
X-ray guys border sounds way oppressive  let's tag everyone in Mexico then we will know if they come into our country 
You know what? I like that Mexican dude, or Spanish whatever. He might be clueless, gets stuck or doesnt know anymore how to answer. He at least isnt aggrasive when he is clearly wrong. He is just not well informed and gets informed. He gets his mind changed and is very chill about it. Unlike all the college snowflakes
Building a wall is the most idiotic thing our govmnt can possibly do. How about lets get tighter with our border patrol & make  becoming a citizen a lot easier. Becoming a US citizens is actually a very complex process that not many of us US born citizens would be able to pass. If we build a wall whats next? People are going to start using the northern border.. then what? Are we going to build a wall on that border also? Lets us that money that is potentially going to go to building a wall, to help our veterans, homeless people and our education that is suffering due to cut funding.
Love the last guy crowded spoke with, very respectful and reasonable and very good debate. Need more people like this sitting down to speak with crowder.
the x ray guy is smoking some them drugs
What kind of drug is Leroy on?
Some type of Id to scan and make sure the US knows what your doing here? Isnt that what we call immigration and using a passport???
he makes me embarrassed to be a new mexican
white shirt guy wants to turn the US into a dystopia
For those of you that never have been to the U.S.A. and Mexico border, there already is a standing structure that is very high and very long. The only places were it does not exist is near the river basin. Why spend our tax money on tearing down the existing structure and build a new one. Hire more border patrol  and secure the river basin. If an undocumented immigrant not speaking specifically about Mexican immigrants because a significant amount of undocumented immigrants  come from other countries as well, should be found in offense they should be find then deported. If the immigrants are repeat offenders then they should be deported to the furthest part of his or her native country with no financial means.  Please remember this as well food for thought this great nation was built on the blood, sweat, tears and countless great sacrifices of Immigrants it was built by their backbone. Not one person in this great country is a Native American other than the Native Americans. Everyone is a immigrant the real American people have been robbed of their land so stop and think about that. And how we became such a great country because of immigrants we need to get rid of the lawbreaking immigrants and embrace those that contributing to the workplace and our community. 
I think that we should find a way to stop illegal immigrants but a wall wont do much to stop people because most immigrants come in from plane and it would just cost too much money and it wouldnt do enough to make it worth the money
Most funny video of the year 
The war on drugs is a war on Cartels and other gangs. If the govt isnt pushing it then its a problem.
Dude said his family has been in New Mexico since the 1550s 
Hope Trump goes straight Pokmon on em.
I think if The government ran a full criminal record and if the potential citizen is a innocent person that they should be able to go to USA within a year or two and the people with a record of murder,drugs,scam,rape, and thievery the person should never be able to enter USA and if Mexicans did not have to wait as long, not many would enter USA illegal but for the people that cant enter, we know those would be the people who are jumping the boarder, that we can deport them right away and maybe even use physical force because we know those people would be bad and would not have to worry about hurting a innocent persons life
The guy from New Mexico is all over the place
how are you gonna tax people who are here legally and aren't citizens that makes no sense
Scientifical..yep the spanish guy is just a silly idealist who is not in touch with reality.
Instead of a wall how about a 50 or so feet deep trench? It would be easier to maintain than a wall.
Please build the fucking wall, I'm Hispanic and I approve the wall 
This dude is a fucking idiot. 
TAX EM, PUT A SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER ON THEM, GUESS WHAT?? WE ALREADY DO, WHEN ITS DONE LEGALLY, BUT WHEN IT IS DONE ILLEGALLY, WE CANNOT TAX THEM OR PUT A SOCIAL SECURITY NUMBER ON THEM.
that dude that thinks he's Spanish, WTF?  he totally looks central american or native american. he does not look european. what a fuckin dumb ass
Wish I could've been there, i would love having this debate with you.

I was pro-wall but I've come to learn it might not actually help with our immigration problem

More than 50% of illegal immigration happens from air traffic. While yes the wall WOULD slow down illegal immigration some, the sheer cost of building a wall will dramatically exceed its effectiveness and in the end be a waste of time & money.

I feel we have better, more efficient ways to stop illegals from coming in that doesn't need a wall.

For instance, our cameras have become insanely high def, it would in the end be far cheaper to have every kilometer or so be hooked with cameras along the border and keep track of Humans coming in and alert authorities.
i have a very quick way o stop all this left wing BS, tell them fine, no wall, but all that vote for no wall, pay a tax fgor supporting the 33 million illegals, they will stfu real quick same foe all the political BS make them pay for it, it will stop FAST
Leroy is a dumbass. He has been globally brainwashed, he wants all to be chipped and a one world govmnt and Bitcoin as currency. Agenda21, 1984, REX 84, Bollshevik revoloution look them up.
Glad my house doesnt have X-ray walls be bloody cold
5:07 "Im not mexican im spanish."( I was drinking soda when he said that, it came out of my nose when i laughed.)This guy is so full of shit, he needs an enema. If he's spanish, im a Martian. He's the brownest spaniard i have seen in my life.
Apperently he dosent know that spanish were decendants of the goths, a white european people. He's rather indigenous looking for a visigothic spaniard. But i digress.
I feel like trumps policies are okay but the way he presents his policies makes it seem as though he is racist
Democrats....... "We can tax people coming into the country" Please democrats do not vote..... Please, for your children's future
"The real boss hogs" - Leroy 
Dang this guy is actually retarded
that lady..
it be ya own niggas
Idk how you sat thru talking to him hahaha
"some sort of gate.." uh.. whats going to stop them from going around that gate though...? perhaps.. a wall ?
4.oo shhhh women. you ever watched  secareo you'll end up in a wall
That fucking First Ladies argument....... 

Lmaaaaaooooooo Im dead . 

This world is going to shit. Lol 
The proposed wall would be insanely expensive and unlikely to be effective. I worked briefly with Border Patrol in Yuma some years ago and the one take away from the experience is just how committed these people are. It is common to arrest, process and deport a person only to arrest them again a few days later. The majority of the captures I was a apart of were the same individuals and groups over and over. They tear out the filling in car seats and hide inside the seat (with someone else then sitting on them as the seat), in engine compartment and storage containers. When you're willing to risk as much as these people do to get here (many die of dehydration, heat exhaustion or by animal attack en route) a wall is not a major obstacle. Maybe there would be a marginal improvement but I can't imagine that change being significant enough to justify the cost.
was the first guy retarded? damn his look is sickening
10:30 xray border
The wall is just one of many tools to prevent illegal border crossing, it really shouldnt be that big of deal, it just got turned into a symbol that way too many people took personally.
5:06 Im not mexican im spanish
A physical wall is a waste of money because it wont work without constant patrols, so why not just ditch the wall and keep the patrols? Also motion sensors work well and are already implemented in some places
Lol that show dude mentioned that he didnt want a border, yet he wants a electronic X-ray border..... and he want to be governor... Im not voting for him lol he dumb af
"Maybe i m confused x) , love u lady
I can only support building the wall if it is made out of LEGOs. CHANGE MY MIND!
STEVENS FACE AT THE END IM DYING LOOL
3:50 - ANECDOTAL!
"Leroy, what youve just said is one of the most insanely idiotic things I have ever heard. At no point in your rambling, incoherent response were you even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought. Everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it. I award you no points, and may God have mercy on your soul."
Im actually mad he didnt lay into this guy. It Wouldve done him a  favor in the long run. He legitimately thinks hes going to become the governor of Mexico and build an X-ray wall.
How can you tax people who come with no money what the heck.
I like how the new mexican doesn't understand the statistic of the percentage of people who commit crimes and are American citizens compared to the percentage of immigrants/illegals who commit crimes. Disproportionality
The wall is a total waste of money.  Many illegal immigrants are here because they overstayed their visas.

This is a very complex issue with no simple solution. Trump was just pandering to his "poorly educated" base when he started with this ridiculous wall idea.
Lmao "for illegal immigration" you want the country to become a fucking zoo?
I'm not well educated about this just gonna put that out there! but anyways I don't understand how as a country we can afford to build a wall.  Its not really needed, we can control a border without a wall. Anyways yeah! lol Merica!
Wtf are these people talking about? Tax criminals and drug dealers to make it right. The conservatives will fight back one of these days to restore sanity.
One I have with the wall is that it isn't going to do much. The vast majority of illegal immigrants are people who came here legally and just overstayed their visas. I am certainly for limiting immigration to a rate that the job and housing market can handle. Also the wall would be expensive as shit
So... Build an invisible wall and track their every move. LMAO.
'Nothing " will prevent sombody from doing what they want to do. ..  lol 
  -
Instead of using all that concrete and materials for a wall. .... use it to help fix up parts of mexico or wherever its needed ?     Buncha dumb fucks  ! Amuuurkaa !
It is the same old story, the intelligent people, vs the morons.
"Scientifical"
and sorry what is the percentage of school shooters, church shooters, mall shooters, movies shooters, child rapists and molesters? right white people. it goes hand in hand.
Oh Shit... I misspelled GOVERNOR! OK...I was a little bit RETARDED on that one :)
I think the wall will certainly help. I dont know why people have such a problem with it unless youre for illegal immigration
I love the next GOVENOR of New Mexico! To use his words...he was really "SCIENTIFICAL"! Fucking Retard.
Pharmaskooticles
An x-ray border, people. We are the future.
How many of the ILLEGAL immigrants are committing crimes BOI ALL OF THEM .-.
Anyone against the wall should put a sign on there unlocked door that says "come on in, all welcome". Not every person coming through is a criminal, not every person coming through is bad, not every person is carrying/doing drugs. But how would you know when you're welcoming everyone in. Some don't have a job and won't get a job. Some will carry drugs in or do drugs. Some may not provide for your house hold. 
People immediately say that a wall is inhumane, but will talk down on people who use food stamps or will turn away from people asking for help on the streets. We want change. But refuse to do what it takes to make the change, then when something happens we all wana cry "how did this happen!?"
I love how you are willing to entertain people's ideas/opinions even if it's totally unrealistic or impossible. It shows you really just want a civil discussion. Thank you for your videos.
Borders will be a think of a past? - that's fantastic.. let's start by removing your fences from your house so your neighbors and strangers can just walk across your backyard and join in when you are BBQ'ing.
Steven asked for an alternative to the wall.
Well, these are my thoughts, with a focus on Guatemala, El Salvador and Honduras:
Most immigrants are leaving their countries because of very difficult situations. If they truly had a choice, they'd stay. Don't you think they miss where they come from? Sometimes they spend decades without going back. And why do I say they don't really have a choice? Imagine that you live in a neighborhood controlled by a gang, like Mara Salvatrucha or Barrio 18. Not how they're in Los Angeles, since that's "light" compared to how it is in Central America (you can find documentaries with very strong images). If you live in this type of neighborhood, you will either A) be extorted, assaulted or murdered, or B) have to join the gang. With these "options", ANYONE would rather die (or be raped, attacked, etc.) crossing Mexico and several frontiers just to get away from it.
You might think it's our problem, but the US has a HUGE responsibility in this. You'd have to read about the "American Imperialism" in Latin America during the last century, besides the Guatemalan and Salvadoran Civil Wars, to understand how it's even right to say the US created the gangs and keeps perpetuating our poverty and corruption.
With this strong responsibility, INSTEAD OF BUILDING A WALL TO JUST EVADE THE PROBLEM, the US should spend more time, people and money to help us solve our issues. If you're at fault of something, it's not fair to leave the victim, make it look as the enemy and act as if history doesn't exist only because you're starting to experience the consequences of your own actions.
By helping our countries, our people would have NO necessity to leave. Therefore, a wall is not the solution, since there are deeper roots that will create more and more immigrants even if you build a whole fort along the nation.

There. I might not have changed your mind, but hopefully you'll try to get more background information for a problem that seems present but has been growing since the 80s. A wall solves nothing; the US shouldn't run away from its responsibilities.
First of all I strongly doubt that anyone can change your mind, because you dont want to allow your self to understand a different perspective of things. I can agree that illegal immigration needs to be addressed, but I will be honest a wall wont do shit pardon my French.. I say yes deport criminals I say keep all hard working individuals that are dying to contribute to the American society, now I know a lot of people say illegals are stilling America citizens jobs lol but please tell me when was the last time you saw an American citizen picking strawberries or cutting grass for bellow minimum wage?
Lol How do I report these people
Where is Steven Crowder getting these statistics. I'd like to see that source. Anyone... Anyone... ??
The Old world  should've built a wall before Vikings, Columbus.  Every American is a product of illegal immigrants.
This afraid lady one day could be your mother.
I like Steven Crowder and the topics he brings up in "Change my Mind", however I think a wall is not necessary nor will it fix the issue of illegal immigration...

More ways for the government to spend our tax contributions in a poorly effective way is not the solution, just my two cents.
Oh god  hopefully people dont use that guy to represent immigrants or latinos lol but Im for the wall coming from a immigrant but the wall honestly isnt going to stop anything
PC > Console 
Change my mind.
Poor lady, I hope she gets peace of mind and a safe place to live.
that dudes a fucking retard he an illegal go get em ICE
Spanish guy was actually retarded his solution to illegal immigration is to round em all up and make them take a test to become citizens. Why dont the illegal ones just do that now? They cant because they're leeches that want to leave their shithole country to come here and steal jobs
Yes they are losing 10 billion dollars
New Mexico since the 1550s lmaooooo
Wtf...
This guy said Im Spanish from Spain.. lol
I finally disagreed with you
We should sell California to Mexico and use that money to build the wall. California is a shithole infested with homosexuals, illegal immigrants, and far left liberal gun grabbing pussies. We are better off without them. Call me whatever you like but the fact is I'm right and I don't care if you are offended!!
gotta love that spanish guy. yeah lets not build a wall cause thats so unhuman. but lets keep track on everyone with micro chips because thats so much better.
Illegal immigrants commit crimes way more than legal citizens.  Every single one who is here illegally is committing a crime just by being here. Why is this so hard to comprehend? You wanna come to America? No problem.  Get in line and wait your turn!!!!!!!
What does a Mexican and a cue ball have in common? The harder you hit em the more English you get out of them!!!
We only need xrays in strip clubs because those strippers don't pay taxes :)
I lost brain cells listening to that guy
I'm Hispanic and all I say is that no matter what they do they're still going to find a way in! And that us meant for all illegals not just Mexicans...shit without all this illegal shit we wouldn't have border patrol or other organizations devoted to these causes would we? It's all just one giant monopoly game where the higher ups are the people actually doing the bad things
How about we better healthcare and schools
Listen I respect others opinions, but when they make sense. How are you to give ID's to people coming across the border if you are not patrolling the borders? I think it boils down to Educating yourself on the FACTS then make a good Educated Decision. I think too many of these people watch CNN FAKE NEWS!
How do you tax someone that doesn't pay taxes, works under the table, and sends our money back to Mexico. Also don't want to get their citizenship, for the fear they won't be able to go home.
Build the wall with your ass bitch lmaoooo
Hahaha....we're screwed.
Ok American citizens, I have a plan to fix this wholeproblem. We simply go toMexico and take it over, fix the carpets and the drapes and sell it for profit to Australia, now its there problem and we could pay off all our Chinese debts. lol or we could sell it to Germany I bet they would enjoy a nice vacation from all the snow, and they are pros at making sure people don't leave lmao
Steven, you need to think more. You're smart sometimes but your political alignment makes you dumb the other times. Yeah. Btw. You are glass. Can see through you.
A check in system... You mean like a passport
lazer ou cameras steve , lol pas un mure hahahahah sauvage :p
Okay, I agree that there needs to be some rules and regulations for moving into the country, however I disagree with building a wall because it seems like a huge waste of money. If the illegal immigrants coming to the United states wanted to come here, they'll find a way here. 
Side note: 
I was born lucky. I was born in a country where if I needed something,  I could get it. My biggest hardship could probably never compare to the struggling of those trying to find refuge from poverty or war. Every living human being deserves this freedom. I could never personally understand what it's like to really go to bed cold and hungry, or worried if I was going to survive the next few days.  This is why I believe that this type of freedom should be available for those who fight for it. I believe that it should be a less expensive and less lengthy process for those who are good people, regardless of race or country.
This has been the most pointless change my mind, 70% of American agree that building a wall is pointless and waste of tax money.
You filthy white ass hole privileged cracked god damn you are what you eat you fucking Cracker
This guy is then idiot, migrations? What? Give everyone citizenship? Lol
building a wall is a waste of time and money the best answer to solve this problem is to take down the Mexican Government. Many Mexicans will agree that their government is corrupted. Mexicans cannot afford to come here legally due to the cost and travel just to get a visa at a single place, plus if you're a woman you can never go legally without getting married and getting a great job.
People travel to other countries to see their history and their culture. America won't have it's European culture in 50 years. It's been successfully invaded by people fleeing their own home countries and refusing to assimilate in any way.
I wish I could have been there to try and change your mind. I believe in increasing border patrol but not in building the wall. Economically we cannot support the wall cost to be built the way they would like it to be built. The us his so well in debt that economical way would probably be higher more border patrol. the cost to build and to keep the wall at the span that they would like to build it it just not ethical or cost effective.
New mexico guy is totally clueless your right, a wall would at least help. I think america should pay for it though, their idea, its not mexico itselfs fault for ppl illegally migrating to america.
so instead of a wall lets do an invisible x-ray gate the length of California and Texas. Come to the x-ray gate with a brief explanation as to why you wanna come here and get your ID tag  and your set to go. Gotcha :)
LMAO when she covered the mic and talked directly into it 
China built it 1st!
X-ray wall? Hmm...maybe the security wall from the beginning of the movie of The Running Man? lol
That second dude basically just suggested microchipping people 
5:12 he gotta weird heard
Also just an idea. Why not just have heat signatures so we know when someone is near the border then have  drones come over and check it out if they attempt to shot down or cause any warm. Shoot them with a tranquilizer dart or something a long those lines, then have someone pick them up and transport them into there rightful country. contact there country as well so they know whats happening
Im totally for building the wall, but it is going to cost so much money is it really worth it? Especially because we are so much in debt as is. Thats my only problem with building the wall.
Well for positives from the drug war
There's now chemicals to stop you people from Overdosing
Does this nigga think we live in the matrix
I'm from New Mexico, sitting in Albuquerque right now. And let me tell you, the last guy is totally from New Mexico lol. This guys accent is so real eeeeee. Ha ha ha, and yeah he sounds like alot of the politicians out this way.
MASTERMIND

INDIVIDUALS

#gogreenglobal
Has anyone changed his mind at all in these segments???
I'm Pro Separating Families Change My Mind
This guy is a fake. He throws out statistics that are simply untrue (just look up the murder rate for undocumented immigrants) and ends with some intelligent sounding follow-up. Whenever he gets truly challenged by someone, he tactically shuts them down. He either tells them they're bringing up anecdotes when he does it all the time too or he will say they're being rude when they aren't (though obviously some can't maintain their anger). This guy would never do a debate where statistics from various studies are used because he'd get torn apart. He's good at using tactics to prove his point, but that's it, and that shows he's hardly interested in having his mind changed. I wish him into obscurity and wouldn't feel that way if he didn't use ridiculous statistics from ridiculous studies and instead used legitimate stats. He'd never do that. He's interested in pushing his agenda, nothing more.
Just to be clear he isnt realy for a wall ? He just wanted some public opinion or? Steven is a reasonable man and he would now that the wall aint the solution for the immigrant problem
A friend 60 yrs ago, when her family became citizens, they were required to sign a document that said they would not receive any government assistance for so many years, or ever.  I don't remember the details but I think if we don't do that now we need to do it again.
That look at the camera at the end was some classic Jim from The Office vibes
Losing brain cells
Can someone give me stats on the crime rate of illegals? My sjw class claims that illegals have a lower rate of crime than citizens while Crowder claims the opposite.
That look on Stevens face @ the end = pure gold! 
I dont get Americans who wouldnt want to secure their border. Why would you want illegal immigrants in your country who get stuff for free and free health care because they have no money or anything.
Come to the country legally, thats ALL the USA wants.
This generation is insane wtf...
He sounds like the burger king foot lettuce guy
So he is saying no wall, no border control, but have a scanner thing? What's the fucking difference??????
I wish I would see him one day I swear I would sit down and let him see another view hes clearly only choosing people who have no idea to make it seem that his side is right ugh
ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS COMMIT LESS CRIMES THAT ACTUAL CITIZENS!! omg where did this republican get his stats from ??
Im amazed at how much someone can say without actually saying anything.
why not build a net? lol a wall is ridiculous... immigration reform is a great idea but a wall?
Crowder, man you're awesome!
where do you find these people
I don't know why Steven is for the wall. I always thought he was more on the libertarian side on this issue.

I always he thought he was more for freedom of movement as well. Disappointing.
Mexican people think they deserved to be in US they feel so entitled. You're not american, you're immigrants don't act like you own America, I'm asian by the way and we don't act like that.
your stats are so off
that ex-ray guy was from the future
All I can say is LOLOL to the arguments presented in this video
How can I build the wall with my ass? If she can tell me how, I will gladly do it.
Omg that guy is talking about communism in the technology world everywhere you go you are electronically scanned, so goverment watches everything, knows all your details think I prefer the wall... This guy needs to watch 'Enemy of the State' my money and info stays with me thanks 
you couldn't find a lot of people to discuss because a lot of people want that wall
At the end of the day you werent hating on mexican people but what they (cross the border illegaly) what you don't understand is what mexicans are willing  to do in order to have a better life and there is no wall that can stop us
Mexican ingenuity will always trump (pun intended) any obstacle in front of them.
Yo
Whats the point of building a wall? I mean how many walls have been built throughout history that has been affected it country in a positive way.
As a high school student, I would do anything to stop at least some amount of illegal drugs flowing into America from Mexico. I've seen so many kid's lives ruined by them.
"Statistically they're the ones bringing the drugs, but who are the ones selling the drugs." You cannot sell what you do not have
"The charts below come froma December 2016 study publishedin the Journal of Ethnicity in Criminal Justice. They show that US saw a 118% increase in its immigrant population (documented and undocumented)from 1980 through 2016.
Yet during this same period, the rate of violent crime - homicides, rapes, robberies, and assaults, according to the FBI - fell by 36% to about 386 incidents per 100,000 residents."
"While any death is tragic, a February 2018 study by theCato Instituteusing 2015 crime statistics from Texas found immigrants in the country illegally were 25 percent less likely to be convicted of homicide than native-born Americans. (Legalimmigrants were 87 percent less likely.)"
Where does he find these people? Im against the Wall but the statement they make are not well explained.
honestly the second guy is an embarrassment
I think respectively I would love to try to change your mind ~ I love your videos ~ I hope sometime I could see you with a table on the street so I could pop a squat
I support a wall based on the reasons why the government says we need one... However are the walls put up to keep crime out or keep us in?
I'm a Hispanic American, that being said, ..... .BUILD THE FUCKING WALL ALREADY!!!

It's so sad seeing so many Hispanics are clueless about this issue. 

How do you tax a ghost?? ..... why are these people speaking so fucking retarded? ... w-t-f ??
1st lady is a fucken fat moron. build a wall to pin this bitch from talking
ICE won't do anything...
Holy fuck Leroy needs to breath for a second shit! 
People clapped when that guy got up...

We need to stop rewarding mediocrity, change my mind.
Hahahaha that 2nd guy.
Xray border ...... the fuck....  some matrix shit
I like this guy Leroys charisma, but its not realistic.
X-Ray Scanner lmao this guy is fuckin lost
Listening to the second guy gave me a headache.... if you have no clue about the topic please just keep walking. The fact that you didnt roll your eyes throughout the entire conversation is impressive.
It's actually proven that he loves trannies
You love trannys hahahaha
Obviously your parents never loved you
I respect healthy debate, and on some levels what you do. However, am I supposed to be impressed that you out debated random people on the street... It is sad to see how uneducated the population is.... But I am smart enough to see how this "television show" works. I would be interested to see the people/interviews who you left out from this. Not to say you are completely skewing you end pr4oduct. Rather I take this all with a more than a grain of salt, which I encourage everyone to do. Because at the end of the day it is a business, a persona, etc. I'm truly not saying you're fake or incorrect, rather it seems...  Like an educated person who has some trained debate tactics preying on unsuspecting people. This I do think serves a purpose I suppose, but the good/service you claim to be doing is illegitimate in my eyes. Except for the fact that your show has the potential to influence people. If you debated experts on the subject i'm sure you'd have very little views. I'm sure it's all about your dick being a little bigger, when it comes down to it. But trust me bud. You'll still have a pretty little one ;)!
Can you link me to the statistics about the 3.5% of undocumented immigrants Committing 37% of homicidal crimes?
So the wall stops people how is what im curios abot? Have they discovered all tunnels? Now do they close borders completely? What about the oceans? On the drugs side, you must control the consumer before you control the distributer/producer.. theyre beinging it iver by demand.. why dont they send some to columbia? They produce their own... on the crime side(Homicide rates)  very good point i cant argue with you there.. as far as taxes... who do you get these stats from if they are under the radar? Say you have 11 million imiggrants could be way more could be way less.. how would you know if they are under the radar? Thats only an estimate. Ive worked with gentleman that us fake information fake names etc. Whos fault is that if theyre already doing that? Companies that still give work to those people some knowing for a fact that isnt their correct information. Again supply vs demand. Not enough workers not enough producers especially fields like construction/ restaurants / etc. Welfare they cant get because they dont even have a social. You say no wall equals bigger problem because it keeps growing... how do you narrow out the good from bad? An immigration reform. The bad will not want to do everything legally the good will pay what they have to to get that green card. Theres people that save up for that with hope that there will be a reform. That is the solution. Immigration reford for those already here working the procees is expensive. Make it $15,000 im almost certain these people will pay that because that is all they want! The hard workers.. then they will pay taxes because they wont be scared to be looked for.. if theygive heir name and adress theyre afraid to put a target on themselves. Thats why they dont pay taxes. Some jobs wont hire and out of necessity, they join bad programs, they steal, they kill. Because they have to eat. Just like any other American. All i have seen (and i dont go off of these so called statistics because they arent accurate. They dont ask every single person they ask a few and us it as a majority) is that the more you try to regulate, block out, the bigger the problem will be. Its like gun control... the only people that will suffer are the law abiding citizens. With the wall, mass deportations, the only people being kept out are the ones that really want to be here. Criminals will get to where they want regardless of walls, laws,  rules, whatever. The wall isnt the only way to get in. There are tunnels way deeper then the 6 ft that they want, ways to climb a huge wall. If a scorchinng hot desert doesnt stop them, if a shark infested ocean doesnt stop them, if all these sicknesses on ships didnt stop the europeans, nothing will. If you cant fight it, use it to your advantage. Dont always look at the bad side of things. If its broken, fix it
Yeah let's not disrespect illegals by building a wall. Let's tag them like cattle instead
Aaah, he's from Santa Fe, explains everything.
I support small government and responsible spending - immigration arguments aside, the idea of the wall seems contradictory to these ideas.
Just tax them
One reason the wall should be built is to stop sexy slave trades..... Why doesn't these fucking dumbasses ever think about that????
Wow that was painful. I tried to get through it. Couldnt do it with the scientifical guy.
Ok i like, and agree with most of your topics, but this one... You gotta come go south Texas more specifically the valley, hildago county. And set up at STC, or even UTRGV. Id love to "change your mind"
WHY DONT WE GET AMERICA AND PUT IT SOMEWHERE ELSE?




Spongebob reference lol
This is powerful and sad man. Fake victim culture creates real victims. As a so called "black" man I support this message.
4:16
That dude just played himself lmao
This is so simple: to not secure the boarders would be anarchy. If you need an explanation why, research the definition of government.
37% of homicides are from illegal immigrants...... so are the other 63% from citizens.  seems like we should dislike our citizens before we decide to dislike immigrants.
Boy I can't wait for the next governor of new mexico to start the x-ray checkpoint protocol
Taxation is theft though... and designed to keep people brainwashed into servitude. If they can print trillions of dollars that we didnt agree to in the first place why must we pay taxes again? Thats right to be enslaved to debt... btw this X-ray dude is on some kind of narcotics, he kept sticking his tongue out. lol
Iuhh oneuhh dayuhh planuhh touhh beuhh theuhh governoruhh ofuhh newuhh mexicouhh
went from billions for a wall to trillions for a wall lmfao this guy
What a fucking tweaker!
Can I ask something not related to the wall, just about immigration and illegal immigrants? These debates only seem to be debating over the people who migrate to engage in illegal activities... but what about the refugees who come here illegally because they're fleeing a war-torn country but don't have the money or means to migrate legally? Like their only option is a crowded, leaky, sketchy boat out in the middle of the night that could have them drown but their country is so disastrous that they're willing to take that chance to seek a better life for them and their families? Those people are many but in these debates they're often forgotten. I am kinda coming from a place of some ignorance, I'm Australian and all I know is our asylum seeker immigration laws are abysmal, so part of this is a request to be educated on the US laws on this issue, and the other part is wanting to know where these refugees fit into this kind of debate.
Ahahahaha the second dude had the best accent of all time, and his ideas were mint. Lmfao
LOL that look you gave at the ned was the same look I had the entire interview with Mr. X-ray border guy LMAO
There are no words 
I can't even watch this..
I know guys like the one in the white shirt who say they are Spanish and not Mexican.  He is full of shit and ashamed of his own race. Eres un baboso sin cultura.  Se ve el nopal en tu frente
My issue is that people say physical wall... 1. Stupid waste of cash 2. Cameras with heat vision and night visions with a distant post to drive to locations would be cheaper and software is at a level it can give you a decent facial image and setup to automatically notify security
If you think building the wall is gonna help slow down immigrants from crossing thru mexico, then you don't know shit. Mexicans come here thru tunnels bro. A wall makes no sense. Besides, everyone in this country is a descendant of immigrants. I REPEAT, EVERYONE IN THE USA COMES FROM AN IMMIGRANT. EVEN THOSE BLONDE, BLUE EYED WHITE PPL. Unless you are native american, in which case, you can proudly say this is your country. We "americans" just stole it from you.
Can we talk about that lady walking around with her plant? 
What good is a wall if nobody is there to defend it? It is the longest border in the world between a first world and third world country. It is mountainous, isolated and difficult to get to. We have the largest military by far. We should reel them in and use drones to patrol. If the Coast Guard isn't a part of border security already (honestly, not sure), it definitely shouldn't be limited to our coast lines. By doing both, we may not need to build a physical wall, that may or may not be enough to deter the illegal immigrants. They are a pretty determined lot to cross deserts on foot. They're not just going to get to the wall and turn back. They will do about anything, but we should have our military take care of it, give asylum to those worthy, deport those who are not, and make the worthy ones citizens who will get jobs and pay taxes.
Can we agree that there are legal white citizens that dont want to pay taxes?
"To execute this I'd have to like a get a few mastermind individuals" - Unknown Artist
i wanna be Governor of new mexico... lol
What surprises me is that people confuse the arguement. Wanting to enforce the law does not mean we dont like immigrants. I too know that Hispanics can be fantastic workers and when they legally immigrate they do give alot to our economy. The only problem is when people come over and work and dont pay taxes because they arent citizens yet still get the healthcare benefits that our taxes cover. The only thing I want is for them to get citizenship so that our country benefits and so that they benefit as well like besides taxes you get to vote and be elected to office everyone benefits when they go through the proper process.
If we build a wall..we cant visit our families....ever heard of a plane lady?
So make all the illegals, legal, make them do courses and them tax them?! Ok, well lets put to one side whether these illegals will pass these tests or not. Who the fuck is going to pay for these tests? The hard working citizens of America? And lets say they pass these tests, what guarantee do we have that they will work so we can 'make money on them'? Fuckin idiot!
I dont agree with the wall, but I agree illegals need to be legalized obviously. If they have familys that are legal because of their crime then all of them should be deported. Those already here should get a warning and a date to get legal before deportation.

Im not racist, Americas pay taxes or are supposed too. Illegals dont for the most part. If I have to pay to be here and enjoy my freedoms they should too. Its not fair otherwise.

And that was trumps stand when he stated about the wall
The guy from New Mexico is a complete TOOL !  Talk about being a clueless idiot! Wow... must be a Democrat......
The guy from New Mexico is a complete TOOL !  Talk about being a clueless idiot! Wow... must be a Democrat......
Hmmmm. The first argument against your wall is that the majority of illegal immigrants to enter the USA DO NOT COME FROM THE BORDER!!! Check the stats please! And most of them who stay, are staying because Americans employ them as cheap labour. I wouldn't be surprised if the wall will be built by them actually. 
Why waste so much money and effort to achieve so little...

Also, you know who you end up looking like dear wall supporters? Ever hear of the Berlin Wall?? So this is how far we have regressed. Applause....?
This was so painful to watch
This idiot wanna be governor wants every person on earth born to be implanted with electronic tracking devices.  Dumbass!!!
Build that wall and built it very tall
That Mexican is living in 3018
Holy cow. The second guy is completely scatter brained. He is absolutely fucking clueless. Kinda sad to see...
That was such a strange argument. How will x-rays help if you aren't limiting the spots where the border can be crossed?
Build the wall
Maybe too many people agree with you.
Lol, does that guy really think therell be no borders in 5-10 years? He must be 21 or younger, not to realize how short that is.  Reasonable insane people at least claim 40-50 years out for things
It's also effective if the United States charge and penalize Mexico and other countries of origin. For example, charge 10,000,000 dollars per illegals to Mexico and just add the same amount of tariff to their imported goods to the country. Then Mexico and the other governments will get serious in preventing their nationals crossing the border.
Im spanish... my familys from New Mexico.. smh. Youre Hispanic bud, not Spanish.
I'm impressed with your preparations for these encounters. So when you prepare do you consider what it would take to change your mind, and do you look into it to see if you should change your mind.
It sucks that the liberals can yell and protest about trump and say their appinion but when the pro trump people say their beliefs then we get beeten up or get shouted at and a bunch of hate crime.

Trump 2020
Keep that wall coming
Sorry, these people Steven is talking to aren't articulate enough to compel me to listen to them more than a minute. Their objections are all over the place, so why bother? I'd doubt that first woman ever voted, and for some reason she thinks a wall would stop her from visiting people in Mexico as if she's going to hoof it through the desert. Do her walls at home stop her from going outside? No, they just make her use the proper entrance and exit routes.
We should buil a wall all around the united state. Mexico, Canada...  Do the job right and make a prison for american
Statiscally 40% of white american citizens have mental illnesses and comit most mass murders than any other race.....
What a great topic to piss people off
This wasnt worth my time. These are usually good entertainment but these guests are getting dumber.
Ah yes evidence of redlining at its best. I must admit that I feel lucky that I was only subject to purposely poor education, due to areas with higher property taxes and "wealthier people" somehow strangely having access to better education, for the first 6 years. You were GIVEN your education, the rest of us were denied it. Only some of us escaped poverty to a certain extent. If you were just given that right to a better life in order to effortlessly surpass all other ethnicities and yet you STILL have not become unbelievably successful and rich...then you're a total dumbass. Lol hope that doesn't come back to haunt you.
It will not happen. The cost/benefit calculations are showing that it would be a waste of money.
That X-ray, number, pass code, written whereabouts thing was disturbing. Something you'd see in Wolfenstein. That guy reminds me of some dictator you'd see in a farcry game.
I like these videos a lot. It is refreshing to see a space where people just want to have a civil discussion about relevant topics. Nonetheless, it must be really hard to find people that can give you stadistics to support their arguments on the spot. 

Personally, in regards to this topic, building the wall would not stop people from coming in illegally. For starters, they are coming here because their own countries are facing dire circumstances and the government are not acting effectively to restore peace. To stop them from coming, the US would have to convince them that they either dont have a reason to come here or that they have a reason to stay in their country. Besides, illegal immigration is already a very profitable illegal business, which gives the smuggling criminals an incentive to find ways around the wall measure (dig a tunnel under, come prepared to climb it or blow a hole in it, etc.). 

Strengthening border security is a good idea, but I do not think its realistic to expect Border agents (who are just as human as anybody else) to monitor the entire expanse of desert wilderness 24/7 every day. 

I was surprised to hear the argument of "why dont we just let everybody come in, but force them to pay taxes so they generate more revenue for the country". Its a fair argument. "If you are coming here, you cannot expect us to take care of you."
So Ive been doing research on my own about where Crowder is getting  "illegal immigrants make up 3.5% of the population but commit 37% of the murders in this country". There are many things wrong with this. So in a previous video where he does a pro and con of trump he brings up this statistic too and reveals the source that he got it from was an article from The Hill. The article uses data from a federal study that takes a random sample size of 1000 criminal aliens in to make an estimate of all criminal aliens in the nation (a study populations of 250,000). They do this because there is no comprehensive nationwide crime statistical study available that include illegal immigrants. In this study they estimate that 25,064 illegal aliens were arrested of homicide. It clearly says in the footnotes that an arrest does not mean a conviction. Crowder then takes this number of "25,064 " and compares to the number of homicides that were actually committed from 2005-2008 and comes to his conclusion of "37%" 

I don't think you can go around so surely telling people that 3.5% of a population commits 37 percent of murder in the nation when the study is based on a sample size and not a comprehensive study. Not to mention that the sample is only meant to study the population of criminal aliens who were arrested for a crime and not the entire illegal alien community itself. AND they misinterpret the data and assume arrests are convictions?? This is absurd
Yea, some spic you pick that can barely speak english will change my mind. hahahahhahhahhahahhahhahah
That interview hurt my brain.
As a Mexican, with illegal family here, we do not own him nor does he speak for us in general... he is just a dumbass.
Dude at the end was a complete moron
Steven is a beast. Love this guy
This guy is absolutely clueless. He wants a system to document every immigrant with ID tags/X-Rays, but then says he doesn't want any borders whatsoever. WTF are you even saying?!? Every single time when a simple stance on a subject is given to this people, they do not address it. They simply bring up other arguments/feelings that have absolutely NOTHING to do with what was asked. It's like JUST ANSWER THE DAMN QUESTION WITH ACTUAL FACTS/EVIDENCE. Is it really that difficult? So many ignorant people in this country its scary. Facts > Feelings.
These shouting people are only a part of the problem and not the solution. If they feel they have a point, sit down at the table and share it.
Think of the wall as the walls of your house and the illegal immigrants are people trying to get into your house. They will be incapable of entering without knocking on the door and being invited in, unless they break that door down but then that would be an attack and would be like starting a war, but would they really want to start that over security being beefed up?
This future governor is thinking in 3018
OK I've seen a few of these now. You're obviously smart and you're picking randos who are triggered by your signs. Debate someone who is prepared as you. I'd love to see you vs John Oliver or Trevor Noah
Build The Moat Change My Mind
5:08 haha everyone wants to be white
Awww hes an idiot
White t-shirt guy is literally retarded for lack of better words.
The second guy started smart then got stupid real fast.
shes right in that us Mexicans will find a way into the US. While im against coming illegal, you also have to see why some do it. They do it for a better life and actually help out the country, but then theres the bad Mexicans. Id say do deeper checks on them and grant citizenship to the good ones, it might be impossible to do. Then theres the Wall, its basically going to be a waste of a shit ton of money that could be used in education, for our Veterans, for the homeless and the poor
dude its simple just have superman fly up and down the boarder and use his xray vision to identify them
What the fuck are people talking about?  Is it a language issue?  This is the most incoherent thing I've heard in a while.
That guy from NM is a fucking maniac. An X-ray border?! Haha. Plans on being the NM governor. He might be qualified. Who knows? After all, his family has been there since the 1550's.
Are these Stevens actual opinions or does he pick controversial opinions to start a debate?
Stevens face at the end lmfao
Why would you build a multi billion dollar wall that can be permanently defeated by a $50 ladder.

Or a $10 shovel and an hour.
Well...as long as x-ray borders are scientifical...
I break walls...https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=BpEH1_WdCe0
X-ray with people chipped?!? He's got NO CLUE.
Damm that spanish guy was living on mars cause that fucker had some fucking technology ive never heard of
that guy is fucking hilarious.
You all laugh, but watch X-ray borders are the future, just you wait man. That future governor of New Mexico is a genius.
That 2nd guy......whoa! 
have you guys started building of the wall?
That guy was definitely Mexican
They can't cuz if they allow everyone to get citezen ship they will have to document it like he said but ten years from now they will call that rasisim
"Majority of illegals are hard working and dont break laws"
If you are here illegally then youre breaking the law...
No wall was ever worked 
He is just dumb enough to become governor.
The last dude seems to not even know what hes talking about.
is it just me or did that new mexico guy give me that "My cat is an alien." vibe 

edit: I changed it from "Aliens are real." because that wasnt the joke I was trying to get across.
His face at the end says it all! 
The wall is not the answer. Many immigrants are people who came legally with visa and decided to stay. How do you think  immigrants have houses, land, bank accounts. They pay taxes with number given by irs. To become a u.s citizen you have to have a good education, legal family members in u.s, and be someone whose had a good stable job for years. If we had all those then why come to the us in the first place. All Im saying if you were in the situation that a family member is dying because Mexican hospitals wont help without money and you barely ate good you would do whatever to have a better future for your kids.
We should deport all mexicans all at once, so they the people of the United States realize that we need these people and the economy will go down why cause were doing things that american citizens will not do. #changemymind
Do a part two in Portland Oregone i wanna speak with you haha and see peoples opinions on this in my city as well
Spend trillions building the wall, so that a democratic president comes and knocks it down. LMAO losers
Lerooooooooy jenkins 
Get back in the game 
Walls are not good Argument...
Well Mexico has a border with South America with walls.. but nobodoy complain about that...

People want work and pay taxes argument..
Well enter LEGALY to the Country and do that... there is a system where you can fill papers and get visa for work.

People need place to work and live argument..
They had all that on born country what ever is
Yea over 400 million South Americans they coming here .Wall still though so what then .
i just got an ad of one of ur vids
Holy fuck that guy is like talking to a wall
so radio tagging transhumanist digital economy city dude with  you are being watched dystopianism mandatory signs and comment boxes saying why are you here what are you doing
I have a suggestion for Crowder's "Change My Mind" segments.  If this can be adapted into the planning of these segments, an attempt needs to be made to inform the public of your next topic and when and where the topic will be discussed. It is apparent that Crowder has done some research and often sites statistics in these discussions. I encourage this, and I appreciate the need to encounter unstaged, unscripted, live discussions on hot button topics. However, as the segments stand, it creates an uneven platform for debate or intellectual insight since Crowder comes prepared with information to backup his view on a topic while his subjects are responding on the spot with no time to defend their position. When put on the spot and not given equal time to defend the subject's stance on the topic, most people are programmed to respond in an emotional way. It causes a meltdown in the conversation, and continues to give Crowder an upper hand. It makes for decent entertainment, but if the segment is designed to challenge Crowder's viewpoint on a topic and promote higher thought, it falls short. So, give your participant crowd a chance at a more even playing field by allowing them to do their research and prepare for the next topic. You'll still get the emotionally charged crowd and the unsupported arguments in these segments. Keep the segments live and public to maintain the reality appeal. But promote better intellectual debate by planning the time, location, and topic of your next segment, so that your participants can better challenge your own prepared and researched viewpoint on these hot button topics.
The blood line of the Mexican has more ties to all throughout the Americas, Amexem in particular, than descendants of Europeans.
#ChangeMyMind
White people should go back to England , this is not their land , it is ours. Native Americans and Mexicans
"My family has lived in New Mexico since like 1550" whaaat???  He was American before America was a thing!
Traps are gay, change my mind
Future gov of NM.  Uuuhhh-uh-uh DUMBASS alert.
Priceless expression 13:77
Fuck your wall, its not crowded with fucking muslims  like the netherlands
XD that would be a huge x-ray at the border..... Almost like a wall...
My main problem with the wall is the cost of it. It's flat out just not worth the cost, and it's actually going to do nearly nothing when it comes to stopping illegal immigration. We talk about how more gun control "won't stop the bad guys from getting guns" and then spend $70 Billion upfront and $150 million every year after for a wall that you could literally just buy a latter and get over? It's ridiculous. Illegal immigrants are going to come into the states pretty much no matter what. In my personal opinion, we need to simply just make the path to citizenship easier and more accessible to the people who want in. That way they are at least documented, accounted for and putting into the system via taxes.
I fear for the safety of the first person who sat down.  You only blurred her face and aired what she said.  If any of those illegal immigrant criminals see this, they will know who she is just by seeing her body and voice.  They will harass her if not worse.
holy shit that guy was retarded scientifical
xray guy makes my head hurt.
Haha. That Spanish guy is dumb as shit. No fucking idea what he is talking about. Just get some x-ray and it wall be all cool.
Legalize Marijuana to solve mexican border crime .... change my mind
The second person seems to be proposing some sort of RFID chip.
Steven has the most insane patience 
We had a wall in Germany. Didn't last very long, but i wish nothing but the best to all american citizens affected by crimes of illegal immegrants that the wall will cure all your problems. And a big thanks to everybody working hard and paying taxes to fund that project.
America and its' problems are truly entertaining. Trying to solve Problems with massive buildings :D
Guy in the white shirt is kind of a moron, eh?
God this guy sounds dumb af
A wall wont work but lets tag and release everyone with chips so we can track them as they pass through our Xray wall that will cost billions more than just a concrete wall.. that dude is beyond stupid.
What was he on?
Building a wall is spreading more hate into an already hateful world. This country was founded by "liberals" who did not like the way their world was. They traveled here to make a new world illegally. They slaughtered an entire group of people, and almost made the buffalo go extinct through efforts to starve the Native Americans. We are now trying to protect "our" new world, The United States of America,  by keeping people who have very horrible lives and want a new life for themselves out of our country. It is hypocritical to say the least. I think countries will one day thousands of years in the future say screw nations and screw our differences, the world is made up of people and we should all be striving towards togetherness. Building a wall is a step backwards. The world needs to be united. We are striving to divide it. I believe in love and in the common human struggle. We are all trying to get through life and it feels like in the grand scheme of the world and everything beyond, something as petty as a "border" should be a laughable topic of discussion. Of COURSE it's wrong to build a wall. On many levels. I'm sort of rambling, but I just wanted to put my opinion out there because everyone else is. Thank you.
Definitely come in legally and the correct way. But a wall would be pointless.
I'm not accusing anything here, but goddamn i hope this is cherry picked. If that is an accurate representation of the average persons opinions on this matter, then America is in real serious trouble. I'm not even slightly condoning illegal immigration, but building a wall seems like a horrible inefficient means of combating it. It's an enormous expense, and most people in favor of it don't seem to realize that it isn't a one off cost. Maintenance is going to be a consistently substantial expenditure, not to mention the fact that if it isn't effectively patrolled, it is essentially useless as it isn't particularly difficult to obtain means of getting over a wall. It isn't a cut and dry issue by any means, but the practicality wasn't mentioned at all, only the politics and emotions.
I support the building of a metaphorical wall. and I support immigration reform. I do not support the building of an actual wall. It only addresses a symptom, not the root problem.

Building a wall is bone headed and it feels a lot like doubling down on our current immigration policies which are completely broken. I believe that the shadow economy created by illegal immigration is no accident and is caused by  policies DESIGNED to create an artificially cheap labor market.

We'll set aside for now, the fact that most illegal immigrants are people who entered legally and have overstayed their visa status. 

Many people will agree that illegal immigrants should come here legally. So the first thing we can do is to try and fix that.
So the first question is: How can we make it easier for immigrants to choose to enter the country legally instead of illegally?
Think about this. Why are people choosing to risk their life and spend thousands of dollars crossing illegally instead of using a legal alternative?
Is entering the U.S with the purpose of working legally that much  more difficult than entering illegally? The answer is probably yes.

For a person who chooses to cross the border illegally, this is no small decision. It commonly costs thousands of dollars to pay a coyote to be smuggled in, literally risking their lives to come here and become an underpaid part of an underclass.  The fact that people make this choice over legal immigration points to the fact that coming (and staying) legally is much more difficult if not impossible. And in fact it is. Depending on the country the process of obtaining a Visa is onerous, expensive and not guaranteed. I won't get into the details, but it's very hard, expensive and time consuming. It's designed to only allow high skill foreign workers, not unskilled laborers. 
It seems like there is literally no other recourse for an unskilled worker from Mexico to come here and just work. If that's what they want to do, then let's let them.
Times have changed. The economic reality is that we need this cheap labor in the market. If all these people are coming and the vast majority of them are working, then that means we need them. So let's fix this. How?

We need to make coming into the country legally a much easier, cheaper and safer alternative than crossing illegally.
There are pros and cons to this approach, but I think there are many more benefits than not.

The debate should be about this, because there are a lot of different points to be discussed. It shouldn't be about how do we keep these people out, but rather, given the economic realities how do we let a lot more people in legally in an orderly fashion. 

TLDR; 
We need a jobs visa program for unskilled laborers coming in. The program should be designed to make legal immigration a better alternative to illegal immigration. This would be far more effective than a wall which symbolizes a doubling down of the existing shit policies and does not acknowledge current economic realities.
I prefer the change my mind segments where he talks to people who arent completely retarded.
That crazy new Mexican wants minority report, fucking retard
What about uh  b o a t s
?? Arent most illegals ones that come with temporary visa and dont leave? Also dont most come by plane and boat vs actual walking/driving across the border?
Does anyone buy the New Mexico's guy story? Like really dude get "YOUR Story" straight. I'm starting think this shit is staged  
I've met a lot of "Spaniards" from New MEXICO. LOL.
TAX THEM??? ... It is not a money problem! It is a problem which is best described as a - Cultural influx and stability problem in the absorption rate of new people - We should be caring about integration and weaving into all of our society new people as much as we do about controlling their numbers and status. ... The guy does sense "the vision", but if we don't work a lot more on all aspects of integration and amalgamation or absorption, problems will keep arising. The rate of absorption has to be higher than the rate of entrances, if we want to heal and get rid of all related problems.
I think it would be very useful to point out and underline strongly that, the reason illegal immigrants from Mexico and Central America are committing so much of the crime in America, is not because of the illegality of their migration itself, but rather because of the fact when they come in avoiding the usual protocol, time, paperwork and money required to do things properly, it becomes attractive to those who want an easy way out of the worst areas of the urban social conditions in those countries, drawing from people who are already involved in crime and vice, disrespect for their fellow citizens etc. So what we need to be conscious of, is that what we are trying to block above and beyond the illegal crossing itself, is the population of society in those countries who will export their lack of morals and criminal lifestyles to our country.
You need to end the welfare state, end the drug war and end pointless wars overseas. Much cheaper than building and maintaining a wall and possibly more effective.
I see the problem with the illegal immigrants. But I do not feel like paying for this wall lol and I don't think Mexico wants to either.
Why they having a hard time securing the border? They seem to have an easy time to patrol and secure the Area 51 border.
Why not just legalize and regulate the main reasons why most illegal immigrants from the south enter the US? Marijuana and other drugs!!! Items controlled by drug cartels. Take enough money out of the cartels hands and maybe the local police and governments in the south can fight against the corruption that fuels a lot of the exodus. Take enough money out of the cartels hands and they won't be able to keep the politicians in their back pockets because the revenue the governments receive is primarily from its citizens and not its illegal drug smuggling operations lead by the cartels. Maybe then these illegals or undocumented individuals could actually go through the correct procedures to enter the US legally without feeling like they needed to flee due to unsafe, life-threatening circumstances. Maybe, given time, the local governments, police forces and citizens in the south can turn their communities into respectable places to live without fear of being executed for even simply just casting a vote or running in opposition to a known/alleged criminal. Who knows, maybe then you might see a mass migration of US born fleeing to the south across a border that now Mexico wants to build a wall on. And that's how you get Mexico to pay for the wall. A wall that makes sense to some in theory but isn't the solution or end all be all. 
   By the way, I know legalizing drugs in the US isn't the only fix but it's a start. If alcohol, tobacco and pharmaceuticals are legal, attribute to many deaths a year and are regulated to some degree then why can't we do the same for, at the very least, marijuana. At least there's no known cases of overdose deaths or cancers from marijuana, which has way more positive uses than negative, than alcohol, tobacco and pharmaceuticals. And illegal immigration to the US isn't strictly confined to Mexico. Guatemala, Honduras,  El Salvador, China and many other countries contribute to the estimated 11 million illegal immigrants currently residing in the US. The fact of the matter is a wall only gives a sense of security and only band-aids a wider issue that the US faces from all sides of the globe. I'm not saying that we, as a country, should just give up because the task at hand is great but why not at least try and implement measures that are not just one sided fixes.
The second interviewee was high on dope
They should come here the right way I agree. But building a wall isn't going to do anything but raise taxes. I think it's like 70% of illegal immigrants come to the US by plane so unless they can build a wall big enough to stop a plane not really going to do anything. Most of those illegal immigrants come here to visit family that are legal and they just don't go back they violate their visa. And it actually takes a lot more than just a cop seeing you out. there's channels you have to go through to get someone deported it's not just hay he's illegal immigrant immediately deportation. 

We need to hold the people hiring illegal immigrants and paying them low wages possible to work responsible that's where a lot of your problem is. If they can't get work they won't want to come here. 

That guy is  goofy as fuck. Lol
What the fuck is that guy saying?
Waste of  money, ineffective, not fit for purpose and just a bad symbol
3.5% of the population are undocumented immigrants, they commit 37% of homicides. building a wall directly affects mexico yet the 3.5% is made up of other nationalities who came into the country via your airport, how is building a wall going to minimize this?
I believe in no borders. We should build an x-ray border. Wut ???
"A lot of people who come into this country don't want to pay taxes" .. well... I guess most people born in that same country don't want to pay taxes either....
That guy from new Mexico sounded like he would want border security like half life but you need walls to enforce security like that if you had open borders with electronic scanners on roads people would just walk or drive around them. Not everyone wants to be monitored by the government especially those who do illegal things. "He ain't all there is e?"
"drugzah"
Scientifical evidence
There are large holes in this Mexican's ideas. The problem is there's no way to regulate how many and who comes in and out, and without that regulation we won't be able to document all of them. The funny thing is what he is proposing is what we already tried but we can't trust the people because they abused the privileges.
Just get a bunch of frat boys at the border. "Who do you know here?"
Americans should be able to do whatever they want with their borders like all the countries around the world!   at the end of they day its their country
In my opinion the wall is pretty stupid. I leave within 10 miles of the bored. Alot of the farmers that live in that area have lost parts of their land because of it and the government gave them close to nothing for their property. This wall is going thru farm land wild life sanctuary parks but people that don't live here don't know. I'm not against making it more difficult to come in but that's the only thing the government could come up with a wall!
This was too painful to watch.
For me I dont believe we should build a big wall. I dont think that would solve our problem. Sounds like a waste of money to me. I do believe we should enforce immigration laws however.
The infrastructure of what the second guy was talking about would cost so much to implement not to mention the totalitarian state it would create to enforce it
Water isnt wet. Change my mind.
I don't know what the second guy was using, but i want some. He seems to have a wide imagination :D:D:D
Don't build the wall because it's environmentally destructive
They already have a scanner and X-ray check this guy obviously has never been to a border.  And that lady right we need to make sure we know whos coming here.
Derrrrr
X R A Y M a S t E r M i N d
Im not really concerned about the idea of a wall, its more about the financial side of getting that done that I have questions about. People that are against safe borders arent affected by cartel violence like border cities are.
"but today's standards"

 lol the whole be modern excuse
Also this guy from New Mexico, not Mexican but got the most chingon accent 
It is hard and dangerous for immigrants to cross the boarders illegally but they still do it because what they are running away from is even more dangerous..........not saying let the USA be a free-for-all but create programs that help those wanting to cross, make it less impossible for them to actually gain a better life..........and yes you will always have negatives no matter who or where or what........but lets try to objectively see all sides of the situations and make a non-biased choice
There are already fences so whats the problem with a wall??
This is retarded, look fuck a wall if we some is here illegally an theyre caught they go to jail for a few weeks to study an get their citizenship, if they dont wanna study or they fail send them back fuck it thy obviously dont really wanna b here if they cant pass a test
Hilarious how she whispers and its put on YouTube lol
Migration?  Is he taking about illegal aliens or birds?
Why come legally when I can cross illegally and take your jobs? ;)
Deport that man.
FACT CHECK from his 6:30 evidence "They commit 37% of the homicides" is wrong. But I can quickly see why he reached this conclusion. The Cato Institute published data showing convicted murderers per 100,000 people. 3.1 is the rate for US born, 2.6 is the rate for undocumented, and 1 is the rate for documented. 
Well if you sum these up it equals 6.7 per 100,000. 2.6 is indeed approximately 37%. 
The problem is i think he read it wrong and just bear with me please. If you closely analyze the data you will reach a way smaller percentage when you translate the rates to the estimated population of the country.
2.6 of 100,000 undocumented are convicted, with 12,000,000 in this country only about 312 actually murder in 1 year. 
So 3.1% of 100,000 citizens are convicted, with 300,000,000 in this country, about 9,300 actually murder in one year. 
Now if you compare [312 vs 9,300], 312 is not even close to being 10% of the nationwide murders. 
Articles are hard to understand and easy to misinterpret, your 37% is a false reflection so i hope you dont use it anymore. Thank you to those who read all of it.
That first kid in the white shirt is an idiot lol he was definitely on something haha he even said id have to sit down with people and think soberly
So.. An X-Ray Border?
Why are some people so sincere, but so sincerely deluded. The second guy wants no borders?! Then when 150 million impoverished uneducated, not versed in American customs, rights, etc.. people from south of the border are here, what type of country does he think it will be?! It will be a hell hole like the one they ran form. America is America  because of the people who founded it and created it. When the Anglos, and other white eiropeans become a minority the level of civilization will drop. Look around the world. Whites created this relative (compared to  the rest of the world,) paradise, other peoples have created dysfunctional hell holes. Fact.
Did anyone else feel like they got dumber after listening to the fucking guy? Omg.
You cant really have an intelligent and meaningful conversation with a leftist on any subject, whether its about border security, healthcare, global warming, the second amendment or whatever the subject may be. And heres why. When you hit them with proven facts and numbers, their go to line iswell I dont agree with that. In other words, to them, facts dont matter because they dont like the fact because it destroys their agenda. It doesnt matter if you agree with it or not, the truth is the truth. But then again they are interested in truth either because they are famous for saying my truth. So good luck having an intelligent conversation with that kind of mentality.
Love Crowders WTF was he rambling on about?! look at the end! 
Love Crowders WTF was he rambling on about?! look at the end! 
crowder, interview some people that are worthy...this is cheap clickbait
Im not am cheap prick...




I'm just a prick
Wish he wouldve found ppl who were more informed.
What the fuck is that guy on? Hahaha
Hell yeah!!! build the wall.. borders are  gonna be a thing of the past.. roflmao ..  what a idiot..
Even though I may not agree with some of your view points, these change my mind episodes are really interesting and enjoyable to watch.
Wow what a moron this is the problem nowadays. We have so many people that have no idea what they're talking about but they're vote matters.
Its like automobile insurance , 
Give them a path of citizenship,
Put a tracker on them how you would a vehicle , a pet or soemthing 
And let them achieve citizenship by good behavior
Lets tag and release the illegals is that what Spaniard saying??  I am for it we can make it into a sport. All money we can make for the sport will go to building the wall.
LOL you know how many Mexican in New Mexico say they Spanish not Mexican. Every one of them. Oldest joke among Latinos.
Whats wrong with building the wall u liberal commies?
Build the wall with your ass bitch omfg
the man who says he is not mexican, his family is from spain: FAKE NEWS. he's got the tipycal mexican face, don't fuck me.
That dude is the real life Southwestern version of Bobby Bottleservice
Ughhhh my friend keeps talking about how trump isnt doing anything about building the wall and that it will keep refugees out. I worry about him sometimes.
What was that look Steven. At the end of the video. Haha
Man that dude wanted some Orwell's 1984 shit
you didnt blurr her ID badge just saying
Ok it's hard as shit for people to come here legally just keep that in mind
In regards to the guy who said about the x ray scanners on the border I think it would be a better idea as paying by card is becoming dominant over paying in cash it would be a better idea to have some form of Id allowing you to buy things with which also informs an international database of the country you are in
He's talking about a holocaust type of code where you are just a number. A dehumanizing way and utopian way of thinking. It's creepy and he wants them to be implanted with tech to track them
A massive x-ray is not the answer. Theres a reason you have a huge lead sheet thing on your chest when youre being x rayed
I lost several IQ points listen to the second guy.....
This was hard to watch
Jeez this was not a productive episode xD
9:00  who taught this guy english ? pastuh, fastuh,,,,geeezus
This guy that said he was Spanish cuz his family has been in New Mexico since 1500s?!? TELOSICO!!! Bruh New Mexico was Mexico at one time hence the name! So your family was Mexican at one time or another! And you have Mexican culture so you are delusional if you think you're only from Spain. My family came from Spain in the 1750s and mixed with the people here in Texas and Mexico. I'm Mestizo and so is he so him thinking he's just Spanish is just plain stupid.
Do you have a illegal fire arm? No it's just undocumented
This man that was interview3d is a fucking idiot
And maybe the border patrol can have zero point gravity lasers that come from their finger tips and anti gravity boots! Haha I seriously hope this fool never runs for governor of anything
X-ray scanner, lol his idea isn't completely bad, except it needs actually needs a wall in order to work...
He wants to microchip human beings!
the second guy interviewed wants everyone chipped (idiot)
keep educating these poor globalist souls
That guy must be high as fuck , his arguments went all out Sci Fi
Build the wall America protect your country we need a president like trump here in France and we also need to quit the European Union
you had no people who wanted to talk with you??? that means they want the wall too, simple as that!
This guy is a complete idiot.  No, seriously... I think he's got an IQ of about 80.  It's the Leftist indoctrination and so obvious.  No borders, LOL.  Just shows how young people that get brainwashed early will be the ones to destroy this country.  He really thinks you can keep a lid on people paying taxes without a border.  Good grief.
Says his family has been here since the 15 hundreds but speaks broken English and makes absolutely zero sense can't make a half a valid point. I call bull shit uneducated welfare rat dependent of the state.
The first guy looks like hes on meth
Yeah like idiocrazy lol
ROCKIN SLIDER VANS WHILE BEING RACIST IS A NO NO BRO :/
How did we get from "Let's not build a wall" to "Let's make an X-Ray wall" to "I don't know, I'm thinking about becoming the governor of New Mexico ?" !
Invest the money that it would cost to build a wall into better border security. A wall isn't going to do much, most of the drugs brought into the United States are brought through tunnels or through the air. As far as immigration, Mexican people (and other Latinos/humans) are smart just as Americans are, they will figure out a way to get past the wall.
Guy from New Mexico is so confused and misinformed it's sad bc majority of ppl think like this.
A wall costs 10 million 
A ladder costs 50$ 
A shovel costs 20$ 




Costs are just an example to make a point
This comment may be perceived as one against the wall but understand that it's main goal is to make aware the costs associated with a border wall compared to other measures such as just hiring more border agents.  I understand the arguments from both sides and realize that illegal immigration isn't a light subject and I'm for controlling/eliminating illegal immigration.
     It's already been researched and found that building a wall is going to cost two to three times more than what was first proposed of 10-15 billion dollars. Not to mention the upkeep of that wall over the years which is estimated at about $750 million/year for an entire border wall(currently the wall already in place, 650+ miles,  costs about $290 million/year). If you minus the current wall already in place and just build a wall where there isn't one, the percentage of cost per mile goes up if you still use $10 billion.  And just because you build the wall doesn't mean you get rid of border control agents altogether so you have to take that cost into account as well.  I will only use the cost of the walls construction, on the low end, for the entire 2k mile expanse and the cost of border control agents per year to determine if a wall or hiring more border control is better in the long run.
     The US-Mexican border is roughly 2000 miles long. At a $10 billion cost, that is $5 million/mile. The average salary of a border control agent ranges between $36k-$70k per year with the median average being about $50k/year. So if we take the median average salary and divide that into the cost of the wall per mile we get 100. That means for only one year you could have 100 border control agents per mile of border or 200k border control agents monitoring the border over that year(100 agents multiplied by 2k miles). That's 10 times the amount of current border control agents that monitor both the Mexican and Canadian borders with 86% of agents currently monitoring the Mexican border per year. That 200k is also more than current enlisted US marines in the military.     
      The $10 billion cost is in addition to what's already being spent currently on border control. You could, for that cost of the wall, hire 10k more border control agents at $50k/year for 20 years($10 billion divided by 10k agents divided by $50k). I've already stated that the current number of agents monitoring both borders is about 20k with about 86% of them or 17k that monitor just the Mexican border. At current numbers that means that there is roughly 9 agents per mile of Mexican border. If you just add 10k agents that would bring that number to 14 agents per mile per year for the next 20 years. I understand that there's 24 hours in the day and work shifts associated with that 24 hour period. With a typical 8 hour shift that's adding nearly 2 extra agents per shift, per mile for 20 years. That means better safety for the agents in place due to more agents on hand. That means more eyes on the ball every day and night for 20 years. Quick fact on the more eyes on the ball--an individual can see at least 3 miles into the distance and that is only obstructed by the curvature of the earth at ground level with no eye defect. That number is increased greatly when elevated for instance in a guard tower with or without binoculars. 
      In the end, when you look at just the cost of building an entire wall from scratch, on the low end,  compared to hiring more agents for the next 20 years it would be better to just hire more agents. You might argue what happens after that 20 years? Do we just not have agents anymore? Remember that the $10 billion is in addition to what's already being allocated for border control. Plus the additional cost of upkeep not required over that 20 years which would be, with current numbers proposed, $15 billion. There's also technology that's currently being used like drones, satellites, sensors and so on that help in controlling immigration. The tech side of it all will only improve over that 20 year period and may reduce the number of agents required to monitor. But the tech, military defense budget, the current number of military forces in countries not needed and so many other things could be argued or at least brought into the conversation in regards to this subject but again that's not what this is about. I welcome any additions or contradictions to this comment and hope that you can change my mind that a border wall is not the only answer. 
           NOTE: This comment does not take into account inflation, wage increases and the like. All numbers derived in this comment were found through easy research from multiple locations to ensure consistency as much as possible. If you would like to know exact numbers then please fell free to research them yourself and compare the sums.
X-ray border...
Oh my god.... xray scanner.... i cant watch anymore sorry.
Holy shit, yeah the second guy wants us all tagged and chipped with an app on our phone to get over the border
He said we shouldn't have borders and then said we should ask them questions at the border 
That stupid second guy says, i am not mexican i am spanish!  Gtfo dipshit!
I have been studying the issue of a Southern border wall for many years now. 
I grew up going to Mexico for 34 years in the summer to my grandparents vacation home in Baja. (1967-2001)
What a wonderful, magical, incredible place Mexico is. 
With that said I believe I have to agree with Democrats and Liberals about not building a wall on the southern border with Mexico. Their argument against a wall is quite legitimate and factual. They claim the wall is too expensive, unnecessary, and racist. Democrats believe people will chose not to cross our border, inspite of no wall. 
*Analysis of that belief:
By having an open border people from anywhere and everywhere will come into the United States.
People we don't know, 
people from communist nations, socialist nations, religious fanatical nations, 
war torn and broken nations, corrupt nations. 
Question:
How long do you think it would take with that kind of massive influx of people, to completely change everything about our Government, and our  freedoms in America ? 
Not long. 
America would slip into an abyss of lawlessness, oppressive rule, anarchy and or socialism/communism. Despots will rule, crime would skyrocket to levels above and beyond the wild west years. 
It will become so dangerous, so horrible and so prohibitive so fast that people will NEVER migrate to the USA or (whatever it's being called at that time.)
In essence illegal immigration, legal migration, and travel to America will completely stop. 
The Democrats are correct about the southern border wall. 
Proof of my analysis.......
*Canada
*UK
*Denmark
*Sweeden
*Belgium
*Germany
*France
Thanks for listening ! It's this  & the US Constitution ! Or we will be ruled by this:            
What amazes me is that the EXACT same principles most of these people live by EVERY DAY IN THEIR LIVES becomes "evil" on this issue. In other words I bet 99% ofanti wall and open border peoplelock their front door, lock their car doors EVERY NIGHT and I also bet 99% of them would say "Yes I lock my house so that I always know who is coming in and is there, but I LOVE inviting people over and having dinners, hosting them, giving them a ride if they need it, etc. I just don't want them coming into my house when I don't know about it and just taking food out of my frig or borrowing my car and I have no idea".That is a common sense principle for almost all Americans...YET... seen as an hatred principle for the country itself. Just because I won't let you come into my house and eat any time you want doesn't mean I wouldn't gladly invite you over when I'm there and open the door for you. MyFather, niece,two newphews, brother in law, and a number of other people went through the process to get here...so the only reason you think I could be for border security and not letting people whosnuck in or over stayeda visa....isbased on hatred of skin color??? Can you possibly see another reason? Especially sincemy family is from Africa.
Reminds of Megadeths album cover for Endgame...
Holy fuk holy fuk holy fuk holy fuk!!!
He just said  electronic ID tag
Holy shit!!! 
Ive heard lots that it was going to come from the republicans but the left wing are, what it seems like, proposing the ID tags.

Not enough space on this to express the levels of holy fuks there is.
When the guy said x-ray he knew he didnt know the exact way do discribe his idea. He isn't dumb, he just didnt know he was looking for the term RF not x-ray. Ignorance does not equal stupidity.
I do find it amusing that he would be against a wall and for, what sounds like, a tracking system. If there is no wall how would they be forced to go through a scanner he was proposing?
I disagree, I watched a video by CollageHumor about this topic and I went online and checked the information from multiple sources. The wall wouldn't actually stop anything, most of the illegal immigrants are already here. The wall would also cost more than 15 billion dollars. The wall would also take forever to build and too much money to maintain. Also, if we're still talking about the immigrants COMING here, then they will be able to simply fly over the wall. I only used information here that I checked to make sure was true, but still, if I'm wrong someone feel free to correct me and cite your sources.
The on subject of the xray border. Lol. 
A funnel , a place to have people to walk threw to be accounted for, makes sense but a wall seems too berlin-esk like we might as well be on the scale of Korea North and south border. People are in fear of being separated from family(if deported)  . now if you take that fear away. The fear of being deported. People would be more inclined to register. If your picked up by the cops walking across the wilderness of the border. Your taken to a facility and you are registered and put into the system. If you don't "live there" and are a citizen of Mexico. They contact and say this person is registered and your citizenship is told to the other end(Mexico athorities) . if you have a summer home in Texas. And a winter home in Mexico. And are a registered person in both countries . getting through would he no problem. There would be no reason to hide. Or "climb the wall" if you will; when you wouldnt be met with violence and or shame or jail time. There is no reason to hide. Keep the tests. Hell make them kinda easier. 2/3 of Americans probably wouldnt be able to pass it to be honest. Lol. But the point is. Take away the fear . and these people will do whatever they want to do.
 Say. A man wakes up, planning to get into america today.  He would go to the border facility . background check. Physical . insanity test whatever you want. And if he passed then he would wait 8-10 buisness days (in Mexico) and receive a package that has his social, drivers license( or regular I.d) , birth certificate, all that stuff . and could then freely cross WHERE EVER!  at the border he would like. If a registered citizen(of Mexico and America) wanted to cross to america, in the technical since illegal way and gets *caught*. Then they can run his name and social and see he is a regular citizen and apparently a very weird person.. And picked a weird spot to cross. If they pick up someone who is not a registered citizen. They get them registered. Deported. And sent the the border to take their tests. And see if they pass or dont pass. And if they don't there should be a 3 strike rule. And after that they are deported and given a  30 60 90 180 day arrest for the offense when done multiple time. . and if your caught bringing drugs. Its 2 strikes and the sentence would be in years. First offense, 1 year. For say 1 pound of cocaine.  Or they can just be charged off the amount and type of drugs by the laws that are set in there designated country. .we still police the invisible border and deport the unregistered people ,but do it more civilly. And give them a chance to escape the poverty they live in or violence on there family. They should have no fear for wanting shelter and safety. Or a possibly better life in general.
3.5 percent causes 37 percent of homicides? Can anyone point me to these statistics if they are real
I wanna talk to him right now about this topic right now
X-ray border..... The whole way haha
would love to see Trump propose a mine field instead.
Go Green Global!!
Jesus is God, Change my mind.
How is anyome that stupid MAYOR GOVERNOR DIPSHIT
Hell yeah!!! Let the american ppl pay for some pass code shit...whos gonna rustle these brown critters up and tag em???
You should do one of these supporting a liberal agenda.... on a college campus.  See how many "free thinkers" can't figure it out.   Sort of like when someone pitched Trumped tax plan and labeled it as Bernie's and they were all for it until they found out the real origin.
Question for Crowder:  instead of a 2000 mile long wall, what about a 2000 mile long chain link "prison style" barbed wire fence?  Would it be cheaper price tag?
where can i get that sweater?
He was so clueless. No walls, but chip everyone for tax purposes. Scanners..... Dumb ass.
White shirt guy needs to go back to 2nd grade. And finish.
It's scary to see just how dumb people can be. These same people smoke weed and drive cars.
Drugs is a problem and border needs secured , wall will help administer it effectively, the border security can better work towards eliminating this evil by uprooting it.
Coming to illegals , the countries that they are coming from should be co ordinated and they should change their policies to help them live better, if their regime is brutal causing mass refuge , then USA should intervene and help build homes/ shelters for them in their own countries .And their countries will be enriched and people from other countries want to immigrate to Mexico or Latin America for better opportunities
Has anyone heard of operation backyard brawl? Its an organization of veterans that found and secured a coyote child sex camp and the media has done everything they can to supress any word of it getting out. It has ties with the clinton foundation and needs to be made public.
Can I sign up to be a mastermind individual 
Build the fucking wall and lock that bitch Hillary in a cage. MERICA
Change your mind the wall is not to keep people out i  to keep you in.
One of the major controversial issues facing the construction of the wall, is not the fact that people will be deported. Trump has even said himself that if the people who are sent back across the border want to return, they are more than welcome to come back, but they need to do it the legal way. To analyze a proposal like this requires a lot of thought into what the construction of a wall would consist of. For starters, there are homes on the US / Mexico border that sit partially in mexico, and partially in the US, just how some homes are built in multiple states, SC / NC being a prime example. To construct the wall, those homes could not be picked up and moved, they also couldn't (and wouldn't) place a notch in the wall to accommodate houses. So now you have US Citizens who are going to lose their homes in concept of a giant wall. The other issue: Payment. Who is going to pay for the construction of an estimated "$70 billion" wall? Homeland estimated $21.6 billion to construct it, not including maintenance, which was projected to cost $150 Million a year. Not to destroy hopes here, but that is a big issue. The US is broke. In debt, and running on fumes. The debt has not gotten better at all. Trump said several times that Mexico would pay for the construction of the wall, but the president of Mexico had made it clear several times that this cannot and will not happen. Mexico is poor too, with over $500 billion USD worth of debt. While much lower than the US, they only have a population of roughly 112 million citizens. So who does that leave? Who can the government charge to raise enough money to build a wall? The answer is pretty simple... ALL OF US. Taxpayer dollars would go towards a bill, that bill would be used to pay the costs, and then tax increases would happen across low and middle class citizens to maintain the repair costs and maintenance.

All I am saying is, right now the US has a lot more to be worried about. I agree that illegal immigration is an issue, but have we really stopped and thought about why they don't take the legal path? Perhaps its flawed? Perhaps it takes too long? The list of reasons I can imagine vary, but America needs to observe itself before jumping into years of construction that would cost us more than most large city developments. 

To add fruit to this tree though; If the wall is truly happening, use the wall as a power network for clean energy (solar would be reasonable). Start a trade network with Mexico to supply clean power, offer it to each state along the path of the wall and encourage sales. As more revenue is made from the kW per hour charges, put it back into the wall to maintain it. You are talking about a lot of money there.
Drugsssse
I'm a cheap prick but have a complimentary algorithm comment and thumbs up.
A physical wall isn't going to stop people from coming in.
Retard in the white shirt thinks illegals will just line up to pay taxes and get citizenship. Illegals don't want to pay shit, they stay under radar on purpose and all money they make from the jobs they send the money home to whatever country they are from. These people don't give a shit about contributing to the u.s and no one understands that
Crowder's stare into the camera at the end, priceless!
The second kid is an idiot.  He means well but he's absolutely clueless.  He is so in over his head it's sad.
So I legit don't understand the whole build the wall idea and I really want some sort of input of the pros and cons.
I just want to have my ideas challenged here so to me its not about the side show statistics such as who are criminal or what is legal as more of what is more piratical and how hypocritical it is that we are discussing only a wall on the south side of the county. 

Also airplanes and boats are a thing and I don't think you can build a wall into the ocean... feels sorta like east and west Berlin. I think having better foreign policy with at least people in the same hemisphere seems more beneficial then a wall, but I don't think that will happen with any administration in my life time. We have a long history of failing in foreign policy and I don't have any hope when it comes to that changing.
New Mexico citizen is clueless on border security.
This hurts to watch cause of how stupid people are and I feel bad for New Mexico if that guy ever becomes the governor
There's already a wall
Mastermind Individuals OMG!! LOL
As a liberal democrat I must say Im happy Mr. Crowder has a platform. Im not a blind loyalist who tries to deny the liberal bias in modern day MSM, and I support a conservative platform that gets the opposite message across. I do disavow the ignorant people who walk by and yell profanities and immoral remarks as it only fuels the oppositions support and extends the argument that liberals get offended by anything that opposes their views and values. People need to sit down for educated conversations and understand the disagreements and opposite view and why its there not just dismiss it as racism or bigotry. Im still waiting on a TV show thats a political version of the show Undisputed on FS1 where say youd get Steven Crowder and Bill Maher to debate topics everyday of whats going on in America. I feel like that could give a much better input on the country and peoples views. I know stupid rambling but I felt like this needed to be said from a snowflake liberal like me.
a wall wont stop nothing, i mean look at the berlin wall, great wall of china, jurassic park, and i mean every wall is built to be destroyed

all im saying is that it will be nothing but a waste of money, a wall wont stop nothing
Forget the wall, lets build a space age x ray scanner holographic laser beam to monitor people coming in and out
is it just me or did ya'll could see Steven losing some IQ points while talking to the NewMex dude?
That future governer cant keep a single train of thought for more than 5 seconds
build the wall
Here is a question ?,, Crowder , how many illegal aliens get fake socials to work ? How many of them pay into the system and do not collect refunds at the end of the year ?  Now what is this not paying taxes deal ? The illegals I see here , get work.  Income taxes are deducted. Who ?? Are you referring to not paying ?? The fruit stand guy ? The ice cream man?   Who are you referring to ?
What a dumbass kid saying the shit hes saying and he actually believes his own bullshit and lies that hes been spoon fed.
   Of course the elites are paying for the illegals to be here so they can keep the high paying jobs and rest of America poor..its the perfect way to enslave the middle and poor class permanently..
   Look at California..why the fuck you think the governor there abolished reading and writing and basic math for the state..to bring in and house millions more of illegals..no standards no problem..In fact the governor is completely okay with banning the bible!! 
  Talk about fucked up!!
Bro i was really looking forward to this video and was so dissapointed with your competition. I really feel like you didn't challenge yourself at all on this topic lmao. I would of given you a better argument. Not necessarily saying I would change your mind though...
US already have everything the man says. They're saying Build the wall because no illegal immigrants are using the door. Why does every one not get that there's literally a door at the wall. THERE'S A F!@?KING DOOR!!!
I for one am against building the wall and only for the reason that the money that will be spent on that could be well spent on other beneficial projects for the government, but again i don't want any illegal immigrants coming in.
So what are other alternatives to prevent them other than a wall?
Okay here's the thing I don't think we should build a wall. It's kinda expensive and a physical representation of what people can put their hate towards. We could simply privatize border control with the use of drones which is waayyyy cheaper. Ya so my problem mainly boils down to the financial portion of the wall
100% of illegal immigrants have committed a crime. It's in the name.
Does he really hold every stereotypical conservative viewpoint? 
Geez, this second guy. I am getting massive second hand embarrassment the longer he continues to ramble.
Maybe an easy pass Leroy...
Just let them in and give them a barcode tattoo...
LOL you shouldn't be posting videos destroying the mentally disabled..........
So let me get this strait. Its bad to build a wall but good to scan people and move them through the country like cattle. The saddest part of that interview is that guy gets to vote
Smoke meth much kid?
Broooooo stop talking omfg 
Change My Mind: White europeans took hold of this land called America thru legitimate means. They never did anything immoral or crooked to possess this land. Change my mind Mr. Crowder.
wall just got 10 ft higher. change my mind.
My family came in New Mexico in 1550 I'm not mexican, I'm spanish, lol. :)
Fuck, we thought the concrete border wall was spendy, not sure what that X-Ray border would cost lol
Only in this country could people with such a low IQ still have clothes, food, and even their own camera.
So what are the real benefits of this wall?  

I'm 100% Mexican and live in Mexico, and i really have nothing against this wall. People in Mexico don't care about a wall, Mexican immigrants don't care about a wall, majority of the immigrants migrated to the USA in much simpler ways.

American economy is important around the world, if the price for a dollar rises... things all over the world change and many are impacted. 

This being said, is it really worth it? 

Does America have 15+ billion dollars available as spare change? How is this even an investment?  How does the USA get its money back? I can assure you that there are at least a million different things this money could be better spent. 

From Mexico with love. 

Viva Mexico Cabrones!
I wish I could sit next to him and actually have a smart conversation. The people in this video are honestly not the smartest and Im sorry to say that, but any smart reasonable person can see that. He said he planned on one day being the governor of New Mexico  lol please.  I dont support the wall, but Damm some of the people that Im siding with make us look so stupid. Is like they go off and support things based on their feeling and not actual facts. 
If there is any way I would like to know where and how I can sit and talk to you about this subject  dont know if you would ever see this comment. Im sure I cant change your mind, because I feel like your mind is made, and trust me sometimes I feel like I can totally see your point of view, but Im sure I can make you see some valid points of why such an expensive wall wouldnt work... Im sure I can also make you see my point. Its just hard to control immigrant in general... cant say all immigrants come here to make this country better because most of the people who even decide to come here illegally come from areas of low poverty and sometimes with that comes ignorance....
Good example of how to lobby someone.
1. Be prepared, having stats to back you up (even if they are wrong! Majority of the walk ins wont be able to check if they are real or not or be as prepared anyway)
2. Put in caveats i.e. I am against illegal immigrants, I want to protect our borders etc.
-> if you say anything else, then we don't believe in the same thing and you can't convince me no matter what you way
-> if you say you believe in the same thing, you fall into the trap of trying to fight someone on their own terms
3. Irritate the other talker as much as possible till they cannot form reasonable arguments. There is a reason in a proper debate there are time limits, starting and ending speech etc. In this case, well, you are holding the mic so you have the power to interrupt whenever you want.

At the end of the day, these videos looks cool but won't change anyone's mind...
This change my mind is ridicilous..
So, in this instance, my issue is the small nature of the wall idea, as a solution. It'd be way cheaper and more effective to put up solar powered drone ports along the border that patrol 24/7, no matter the weather. Then the border agents can be called to the precise location of these insurgents and no matter how dark or how well they hide, they'd be easily visible and simple for the drones to follow. 

You could get a little silly and equip them with tasers and nets and just notify their government of the location of their fleeing citizens.
This new Mexico guy is next level autistic. Is he seriously suggesting we require people to have ID's that are constantly GPS tracked by the government to recognize when they cross a non-existent border. He said "scientifical" holy shit this guy is a moron. Steven I don't know how you controlled yourself. I would have laughed this boy back to elementary school.
Lol your race dose not matter.  Its not about race . yes mexico is in the light so if you uneducated u just think its about racism .  what it's about is making our country safer what's a country Without Borders anyways. I mean you can't hate on people because Mexico is supplying pretty much all the damn drugs to our country and killing off people left and right, If you listen to what's being said in this video and what our president is trying to achieve, I mean we should all want to not have to support people who want to live here on food stamps and just pocket every single dime they make and not give back and be selfish freeloaders. So let's be clear it's about legal immigration doing it the right way so if you do it the wrong way you are supporting stealing from hard-working Americans and you deserve to be deported I don't give a crap how old you are or how long you lived here because you are a Criminal. So again it's not about race it's about choosing to break the law or respect it at the end of the day and if you don't respect our laws why be here in the first place I full faith our president will continue onto another term and complete his tasks at making are country great
Come on man you know there are better arguments than this but I guess it was easy for you....to make your stupid wall  build... I guess you have an agenda too. Started watching your program thinking that you really want to debate but when you put this kind of content up you show your true colours. Shame ! Im disappointed :(
Leroy... omg, a bar code? Maybe a chip inserted into their arm. And a large scanner, then tax them. Were going to have to pay attention to New Mexicos governors race for the next 20 years to see if Leroy gets elected. 
An X-Ray machine, placed at some random place (because there would be no wall/border), that all those desiring to enter the U.S. would voluntarily pass through. Yeah, right. I never heard of Go Green Global, but, knowing Leroy represents them, I dont need to find out anything further about them.
As always... Way to know your statistics!!!! You just cant argue statistics!!!!
I'm telekinetic. Change your mind
Your videos help me get through my super liberal university classes on the daily.
A mi me la pelan los pinches gringos!!
This fool is terribly misinformed-ratchet
Wtf is that man saying 
This guy sounds ignorant as fk
Lol crowders face at the end had me dying
There is already a wall they are just making it better so the whole focus on the wall thing is bogus
maybe you should blurr her watch, badge and bag as well?
quite easy to identify her if the people she's afraid of watched this video.
hard for strangers, but for people who know, it's easy
Xray wall. Lol. Cancer for all!
people should come here legally. but why build the wall only across the mexican american border? why not all around the USA so we can feel super protected from all sides. build them all sky high! WOOOO! MERICA
this dude advocating basically chipping people and keeping tabs on them with checkpoints and centralized scanner hubs thinks a wall is just too dystopian rofl
This dude really wanted to record himself getting logic raped
A physical wall is silly. It won't work. It's too expensive. It is an environmental and a logistics nightmare. There are better ways to accomplish the goal.

1) It won't work. Coyotes habe a huge business. They will absolutely be able to find a way around a physical wall. Also, two months ago illegal entry by Central and South Americans was greater through the Canadian border than the Mexican border.

2) The billions could be used in a far more effective manner by investing in technologies to create an "electronic wall." Satellites, drones, and thermal cameras could be used to effectively shut down foot immigration.

 3) A physical wall can and will inhibit migrating species from their natural migration paths. Some species will likely suffer and might go extinct. Since all nature is a balanced web entire ecosystems might be destroyed.

4) Logistics - It will never work. Why? We already tried it. We already failed! To build a physical wall you need to use the police power of eminent domain. George Bush Jr. Commissioned 600 miles of  fencing along the Southern Border. FENCE not a wall. A much easier and smaller goal! They eventually have up and amended the law in favor of more electronics. Why? You have to understand that the land where the border is located is owned by Americans AND Mexicans. Also, it isn't a straight line as it looks on the map. It zigs and zags in and out of both countries. So they have to have a hearing for every owner on both sides before they can take the land for public use. This process proved so difficult and expensive the Bush administration have up on it. Also the Rio Grand! A large portion of the border is legally defined by a massive river. Like all natural rivers it changes width and borders often. So as much as we like to think of the border as being a clearly defined line. That line actually changes! The only way to fix this is to build a massive canal to control the flow like they did with the LA river. Only at a scale hundreds of times bigger! This part alone would take decades! A physical wall as Trump has promised is a ridiculous idea!

Forget the "wall." The issue here isn't the wall it's illegal entry. The smart solution is multi-tiered. 

 First - fix the immigration system legally. We need the workers they need the work. Make a special visa program that lets them in with certain conditions. Also, address the massive legal catch 22 with the current immigrants. A path to citizenship seems excessive to me, especially for someone who technically did something illegal. But there should be a path to something! 

2) You must work with the governments of the countries where the immigrants are coming from! If their own people don't fix things the issue will never end!

3) Invest in a tech wall! Digital means are cheaper than ever and computers could do a lot of the work. A grid of satellites, drones, cameras, airplanes, etc. Would actually be cheaper, provide better jobs, actually create a deterrent. Not to mention that an electronic wall will have a much lower impact on the environment , be able to "move" with the river and likely create a more effective deterrent!

All this typing is mute...because I know a physical wall will never happen anyway...it's just a talking point to rile up dummies...
The "Spaniard" was a effing idiot!
Not worth the money.  Immigrants should not be allowed to enter illegally, but they find loopholes anyway.  Money can be spent on better issues
 a small percentage is bringing in drugs lol umm.... ever herd of the Mexican drug cartel???!,! You know the ones that control Mexico.
as an german I can definitly tell you a wall isn't something you need / wanna have ^^
Can you do a part 2 on this topic? The people that had a conversation weren't really well educated on the full topic. Also, this was one of your shortest change my mind video, and I feel like this topic wasn't well discussed.
So simple jus put a comment box at the border so they can say why their here. Lol stay in school kids
So everyone is okay with an invisible line called a border but as soon as you put a physical border its bad
When I grew up with Mexicans immigrants and their kids all sold drugs its like their born into destroying America then they all have 5,6,7,8 kids crying about 50 dollars  for child support. Selling all that dope living on welfare .This country sucks .  Its filled with stupid lazy immigrants
Just tax them, I mean we might as well make some money off of them.
A 30 ft Wall or a Wall of Lead... Your move
Very scientifical conversation....
X-Ray Gate 2019!
Who knew that the solution to illegal immigration was right under our noses the whole time?  Just build an x-ray wall!
I would like to see this guy debate someone who's an actual expert. I've partially watched a few videos already and all the debates have been horrible to say the least. He obviously knows what he's doing and he has strategy, but what if he went against someone that had actual strategy as well?
x-ray borders and rfid tags inserted in your arms incoming. I feel a wall seems less scary. ;)
The guy from new mexico seemed like he was high or just dumb... Or both
5:00 taxing the illegals ? lol .thats why u apply for a work visa u dumb negroid
Funny how man thinks the dirt beneath his feet is his. Man is brief. Even a million generations of man is brief, compared to the dirt beneath your feet.
Need to put ex governor jessie Ventura on this subject with you crowder.
Im Hispanic and I fully support the wall being built but it could also cause some harm to the environment
R32 at 7:00
Leroy is 100% certified Mexican
Hell be lucky got be governor or mcdonalds in New Mexico
lmao waht a narc.
The second dude seems a bit tweeked out.
What that man is describing doesn't sound like something  that Mexican people would be down to do but that's just my opinion  they might be open to it but I really think that sounds appalling to talk about doing to your own people.. treating them like a herd of cattle that's what I see your trying to say..
He's right we don't need walls cuz we live in a prison cell with inviable walls connected to chains we can't see.
the wall represents hatred , racism segregation thats the problem with it building the wall wont change anything unless you make tougher laws
you mean like RiFD chips and Google/ Darpa being able to track our movements with our phones. A New World Order. AI tracking our thoughts and our movements
I'm all for immigration reform, but at no time in history has building a physical wall "worked". It seems like such a simple answer to a very complicated question.
The Spanish guy with the camera said he wants scanners that keep tabs on immigrants which sounds more extensive then a wall. They just don't like the idea of a wall and that's just because of the way the idea of building a wall was presented incorrectly by trump. Just ignorance all over America. It's kinda getting annoying
Pay day comes and checks get cashed at the check cashing place.  Send money back home and no money goes to taxes.  Need food stamps no problem the instructions are in Spanish.
6:45 wth is your source for this???
If you can drink a drink, you can also eat an eat, change my mind.
If this is the philosophy of our next generation of leaders, we are in serious trouble folks.
dude that second guy was just... wow
If the wall wasn't so expensive then sure biuld it
is verry dum, that last guy
Oh my god 
The Mexican kid is so naive.... It's so cringe watching/listening
This moron  from new  Mexico "am Spaniard"    dude your  accent  is from Guatemala  funny
I wonder how liberals will think if people have to have barcodes scanned into them,
i am against illegal immigration but i still think the wall is stupid. we can control the borders without a giant wall. besides, you can pass through the side with a boat in california or texas. but i do, however, believe that if you come into the U.S., you need to be ACCEPTED into our country..... no walk-in's!
Absolute bullshit stats. :-/ he is tricking people to come into an argument who he knows arent informed enough to contest his bs stats.
Every other country in the WORLD has borders........why not us!
It's a waste of money. Yeah you need secure borders, but ladders and tunnels and boats exist. There's no border or border patrol on the Canadian border many people are going over there to come through. The wall will end up like the unused stadiums that were built for the Olympics.
Oh god, xray border?... really? What are these people thinking about?
Uh what?
The first lady said maybe IM confused yes maam, yes you are.
The only downside is that it costs a lot of money but other than that its a good thing.
i never do this but crowder was bitchin about you people ( youtube) then magivcaly i get an add talking about building a hotel in space. i dont watch space vidoes and i dont travel. I build cars for a living and for a hobby. that being said pay for my schooling and ill write better code in 3 months.you bitched weak.... come at me MR.hateshisjob.
wow, i have no words. that guy..
Wow. This is the 4th video I've seen of this series and I cringe in embarrassment for the people who had such weak arguments in this one.   Especially that X-ray border future governor guy.  Yikes!
I'm Hispanic and I support there being some type of enforcement  level and the wall but some of you are just racist psychopaths geeeez these comments .....
This guy is proposing an electric ID tag, X-ray, tracking system for borderless societies... AKA the Mark of The Beast for the Christians watching... 
Don't build the wall because we won't be able to watch the mexicans getting blown to bits.When they step on the mine  field on the border.But this X-Ray guy has been reading to many superman comic's.
Lol X-Ray boarder
Steven does not even consider changing his mind - Change My Mind
I don't like these videos. Steven Crowder is clearly more prepared then any person passing by. I feel that no true dialog can take place this way. He should have discussions with people that are prepared and have statistics. I feel Steven  does this on purpose, because someone prepared would clearly discredit Steven's argument.
Lmao your face when dude walked away 
Countries need a boarder otherwise there is no country. It's just a bunch of land from sea to sea to sea to sea... I am for a wall. Just pay for it yourself. Now if United Statesman were boarder jumping into Mexico at alarming rates then I'm sure Mexico would split the bill. That isn't the case. So build anything you want to protect your boarders, just dont expect other countries to flip the bill..
California defends so much the illegal aliens; then the federal government should declare all aliens can live in the US as long as they stay in California. Let them deal with the influx of millions!
I dont think that it wont change anything. I just think that its not worth the money.
A wall is a silly idea. Ever see Terminator? A Hunter-Killer is the answer. for every 250 miles of border put one of those in the sky. Ofcourse they will need ground penetrating radar and bunker busting air to ground weapons. Economically speaking it would probably be cheaper, the tech developed for it would be great for civilian applications aswell, and you could drastically reduce the number of these that are used after scary stories about them start circulating. Im an idiot, I will never find a new job now. FYI I was denied citizenship under Obama and recently became a US citizen under Trump, true story.
I would have love to talk to this men! I feel like  a lot of the people who were supporting anti-wall fail to bring up major points. 1. Its a huge waste of taxpayers money, because it simply does not work! Statistically most of illegal immigration came here through visa and overstayed their visa. 2. I think it would be much better adding more technology and more agents instead of building a physical barrier, which in terms could bring political tension between the two countries. In fact many republicans would agree with me in these point of views. They have stated their views before. Also we have to think back and ask ourselves why are they leaving their countrys? Is it the violence, corruption, civil wars? So then the question is should the USA help these fragile counties which in the long term would reduce migration. Instead of per say help the Middle East which is no where near our country. In that would be a better argument then that of building a wall.
 10:30 seconds (SO A BORDER)
I'm against a wall because it's a waste of money.   The cartels have been digging well engineered tunnels under the existing fence since the 1990s.  We would be better off with a razor wire fence and a mine field.
That guy was a visionary youre an asshole for being so judgmental because of stereotyping for 12 min.  Fight joe rogan pussy
GoFundMe.com/build-the-southern-wall
"we need a scientifical x-ray gate that's more freeflowing"
Build the wall with your ass... Bitch! HAHAHAHAHA! Keep up the good work Steve and Jared!
4:25 don't you have to know how to speak properly and be a little smart to have you own show?
Im sorry, I only watch up to 11:07 I couldn't finish this.
OMG.... just Build the Wall already. What people don't get about the reasons for protecting our borders?? uggghhhh
A right wing idiot interviewing left wing idiots, welcome to America
The problem is there are plenty of "illegal" folks here that a wall will not stop. Mexicans are not the only folks coming here and living "illegally".
This guy has watched to much sci-fi lol.
The guy said hes not Mexican? Lmao
Why build a wall when taking over Mexico would be better. America should just make Mexico part of the United States. We can help turn Mexico into a safer and productive place to be. Don't block them integrate them. The wall is not gonna work anyway.
Where do you find these fuck tards????!!!!
The U.S should create a season pass like six flags for immigrants. Lol
Graffiti that wall
Crime analysis has been inverse trajectory, crime data is inconsistent but I can tell you this for sure that men are incarcerated at 0.85  percent. Most of these incarcerations also include immigration offenses which are handled through civil court.
That guy clearly didn't understand the difference between an immigrant and an illegal immigrant. You can't tax illegal immigrants if you have no way of knowing where or who they are lol. They are effectively invisible people. Sounds like his solution to illegal immigration was to have people emigrate legally 
I like you crowder , but that stat is full of shit.   Your smart , run the numbers brotha
The second guy is a complete imbecile
The 2nd guy was hilarious. How do we stop undocumented immigrants? Make them documented. Lol.
That face at the end like wtf did this dude just say to me
X ray scanners
I liked this guy from all his previous videos until I saw this video. Basic Chump supporter.
If they say people will get in one way or another then build the wall and force them to try the hardest they ever have. Enforce the laws we have, stabilize our communities and economy.
As soon as the Mexican dude said who is the real drug dealers did you said OK I got to go  HAHHAHAHA u scared of the truth
So last dude is for "The New World Order?" Lol
They can come in legally if they wanted to come to America
Steven Crowder? What makes u feel so entitled? Who the fuck are you? It's stupid when NOBODIES think they can be somebody by sticking their noses where they dont belong.. what do u do for this country that makes u entitled to  it?
FACT CHECK: Alex Nowrasteh, with the libertarian Cato Institute, analyzed the Texas data to make a comparison of immigrants in the country illegally and native-born residents. In a recent post he noted that in 2015 Texas police made 815,689 arrests of native-born Americans, 37,776 arrests of immigrants in the country illegally and 20,323 arrests of legal immigrants. Given the relative populations for each group, he wrote, The arrest rate for illegal immigrants was 40 percent below that of native-born Americans.
People are just stupid and just coming in illegally is a crime to start with.Next time someone rins into your car and screws off is most likely illegal
Love Louder with Crowder Rock ON. Awesome Change my mind reviews, love'em. Mexican culture SUCKS. X- ray machine, really? Kick all them out. Build the wall. Real America does not want Mexican problems brought into this great country. What a huge burden.
I have a teacher who says he is pro border security but says the wall is a waste of money because people can dig under or climb over or just drive a truck with explosives through it. I argue the explosives are not likely and that the wall will be deep and have security but he still has doubts. Anything I can say to help him?
Im sorry but those statistics are wrong.
I dont like Trump. He says we should build a wall, and democrats and other people are going crazy. Thats the problem with todays society, they walways want someone to do the research for them. There is already a wall in place,,,,,,, 

As of January 2009, U.S. Customs and Border Protection reported that it had more than 580 miles (930 km) of barriers in place. The total length of the continental border is 1,989 miles (3,201 km)

https://www.google.com/search?q=is+there+a+wall+already+existing+to+seperate+mexica+and+the+united+states&rlz=1CAACAC_enUS655US655&oq=is+there+a+wall+already+existing+to+seperate+mexica+and+the+united+states&aqs=chrome..69i57.22966j0j7&sourceid=chrome&ie=UTF-8
This second dude... xray scanners and digital passwords???
Alright so first right out the gate i personally am aganst the wall but not for they reasons you might think. First i find it dangerous, not to humans but to the wild life. Many people assume that theres no wildlife near the border and their wrong. Theres plenty, the issue this wall would present is that the wall would block migration routes and also destory the habitat all the pollution from construction and mpre patrols would lead to a bigger enviornmental problem then we already have. Two, lets say the wall doesnt endanger the surrounding wildlife, why should Mexico pay? I mean its not like they pushed for this wall why should they pay. Imagin if your neigbor decided to build a giant wall between your house and his and he sent you the bill. Also some background information about me, i support more immigration standards, im not democratic, and no i dont watch and will never watch CNN.
He needs some masterminds??? LOL. Who is this space cadet???
Mexico is the second largest country in the world that produces ladders
x-ray boarder..... That dude has smoked himself dumb.
Invisible beam border could work. Well just chip everyone in the right hand or maybe the forehead.
How do you tax a person whom you. Don't know exists? This kid is asking basically for Legal immigration
She was snitching 
Immigrants, illegal or otherwise are not committing crimes at a higher rate than citizens. https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2018/03/30/upshot/crime-immigration-myth.html
I really hope those interviews were not indicative of the sum level of intelligence in Austin. That was embarrassing. I really like the topic and hope you can find an area of relevance like Texas, Arizona or California but where people have the ability to communicate.
4:13 lerooooooooy jerkins
People on the right sometimes confuse me. How can you support the constitution but at the same time support borders that infringe on our freedom to travel. I realize that the wall is to keep illegal immigrants out, but we have a lot of border checkpoints in our country right now that go against the constitution...
How about don't build a wall because it is a waist of tax payers money. That money can be used  for our children schools. Also having a reasonable path to citizenship. We also have citizens that don't pay taxes.
Leroy is absolutely retarded. I think everyone knows what I mean when I say- He's cocky when he shouldn't be. He didn't say anything cocky, he just glows with stupidity, cockiness, and "Everyone look at me I'm special-ness" 

At least he was nice.
Guys his family has been in New Mexico since 1550 (5:08)
She seems drunk/high...
It's the biggest drug smugling route in the world, it needs to be extra secured obviously why does nobody regonize this problem.
Illegal immigration IS and has always been an actual problem, not just in the USA, but EVERY COUNTRY! And not to mention it's FUCKING ILLEGALl!! Any single person who tries to debate that is ignorant and most likely racist against their own kind without knowing it..damn entitled hippocrates...
Build it. The majority of illegals are visa overstays anyways.
An X-ray border? Why didnt we think of that? Smoke more weed.. WTF!!
5:09... 'I'm not Mexican I'm Spanish, my family has been in New Mexico since the 1500s'..... Does this man know what he just said?... (I'm Hispanic for anyone thinking I'm making fun of his reasoning skill in the english language so dont label me as racist more or less label me as just a dick... )
My God the guy from New Mexico is....wow, Crowder why? Man my IQ just dropped HARDDDDD. Future New Mexico Governor right there man. Him and obviously his....... mastermind.... people.
X-ray scanners for the boarders.....huh.........and here's a voter!
Omg!... That guy is the epitome of 'stupid'.
hahaha that Spanish guy is an idiot
Radioactive wall, yeah just zap them like bugs. lOl
Do You Have One On Religion?
Building a wall would be non-beneficial to America. The main issue is the fact that the wall would be extremely expensive, and making Mexico pay for it would be immoral but practical. It would not stop the majority of illegal immigrants, but it would stop some. However, in general it would be ineffective, and inefficient.
Hey Steven, I actually enjoy this change my mind series. Its interesting how you debate a person from the opposite side of the aisle. However, I would like to see some sources for all the stats you point out. Especially the one about immigrants committing 30% of homicides.
Dude why would you even air this?  This was so ridiculous. 
Leeroy Trejo huh? 
X ray borders?  
Gonna run for office too evidently. 
God help us.
Omg. Did this guy just really recommend electronic tracking for the entire populous of the United States AND anyone who "might" want to come in and out of the US? WTF?
Is the second guy high or something? He tries too hard to talk like an intelligent person that he ended up making a fool of himself.
That guy is really fuckin naive. Modern day hippy right there 
That look Steven gave at the end is my look during this entire video! lol xD
That last guy is pretty fucken stupid
X-Ray border . . .fuck no
It is sad to see all these people on here talk all this trash to each other. It is sad to see the world go against each other due to ones race,gender,ethnicity,etc.We are all just stuck in this system we call our government and THEY are all stuck in the system of survival. This world is going to shit and instead of spending the time forgiving,helping and expanding our minds in a positive way ; we spend our last bit of air fighting. I do agree that people are overcrowding but to hear someone say that the major issue is that "these people " (mainly mexicans) that are overcrowding america is the real issue is disturbing. Yes sure it is true and sadly these things we so call "countrys" that are all different to eachother is what is separating humanity apart. The real issue is overpopulation . Sadly we cant stop that from happening. The only way to stop this from getting worse is probably a war so that would be the only real reason any country would declare war on another. There are just so many things that are happening and they are all linked to eachother. Either everyone finds common ground to agree on or we all go down.
I actually like the idea of the Spanish guy for a tag border. And also fast track to easy citizenship. I kmow its fucked up but better than nothing. Just tag them like animals until they obtain legal status.
Im an Austinite, born and raised, you were talking to homeless People and that last guy was on Drugs. So I throw out this Video as having any merit.
Trump said we got some bad hombres, so ya he did say that and in like the worst way possible.
So that guy was for open borders and for people have essentially a barcode read by a "scientific ray" when they cross. Sad part is, there are millions of people who are this stupid running freely in our country.
Homeboy is making us New Mexicans look bad with his ignorance, misinformation of facts  and justification and rationalization 
Lol 

Steven Crowder please come to Santa Fe, New Mexico. We need the support out here. Allot of young people starting to wake up.
so... he wants an invasive society lol
I do believe that we should build a wall. But do people see we are being distracted. Yes we should secure our border, in time. Give time let's us clean our own room. Stop being distracted, this is a problem that won't be solved quickly. Let's clean up our politics first

Edit. We have been dealing with illegals for a long time, the only change is now we are encouraging people to come with things like sanctuary cities and our confused policies. Stop talking about it. Just think about it, we are tricking people to come get busted. What are we doing, stop ruining actual people's lives over some partisan shit
Now, how much will this thing cost again and how much is the yearly budget of ICE?
What about tunnels? Does it stop those?
Crowder for President!!!!
Liberals think abortion is ok but can't separate illegal parents from children
9:50  the us government already do this to us, the tourists... but without the id tag idea
dont build a wall, build a fence. Omegalul
No, building a wall won't stop the problem but they do have a lot of people crossing the border every day and the wall would definitely slow that process down. If they didn't find thousands of people crossing the border every year they wouldn't think about the wall right? If everybody was just overstaying their visas they would not want to build wall. The facts are the facts thousands are crossing the border and that's why the wall was proposed. Come through the Port of Entry and claim Asylum.
Im new to your channel Steven This is probably the 5th video I watch and it being the 3rd topic(previous two being only two genders and pro gun) Ive also read through some comments most were about how bad this one was but I gotta ask why not do this video on a campus with educated people. I like what youre doing and hope you encounter healthy conversations in every touchy subject out there I just felt little effort was used on this specific topic on your behalf
Drug wars
Cause she isnt legal
Just like technology... everything speeds up.  Just like illegal immigration. Lmaooooooo
Now he wants Trumps wall, wow dude
I think the non criminals who are already here should be put through the citizenship process and the criminals be deported. Then start the higher border security to prevent any more from coming illegally.
that lady in the start sounds dumb as shit
Why not annex Mexico and establish police power
X-ray,  govern of new Mexico,  crack head LMFAO the look on Steven Crowders face,  priceless.
Boy that guy cant speak
It's funny how us natives were here first then the white men come and then they killed or kicked them out of America down south to make Mexico and then now trump was saying that Mexico will pay for it, like what the hell, hes gonna make them pay for a wall that keeps them out of the land that was theirs first.
I dont think the wall should be built because before white people were here, us natives didn't have any borders and were allowed to go where ever, the white people just moved them down there and named it Mexico. I'm native and was born in Canada and I have dual citizenship ship with the U.S.A and I feel like Mexicans should be same
This guy is profoundly stupid
Guns dont kill people. People do. Criminals dont get guns the legal way, duh. 

So why waste taxpayer money on a wall when immigrants will just find another way in like overstaying visas, tunnels, and ladders. Lol. Of course they arent gonna all of a sudden just start coming in legally. 

Love the hypocrisy. By the way Im pro gun, but the wall is just hype to make scared white people feel safe without actually changing anything.
What people dont understand , especially the left and those for open borders .  Is that if we had open borders . Population would spike in dangerous levels .  Our borders and people coming in have to be regulated . Other countries are insanely strict in border control especially Mexico .  Why is the USA the bad guy for wanting to protect its citizens . Building the wall is the perfect show of force .
The guys answer to immigration will cost more than the wall... Lol
The guys answer to immigration will cost more than the wall... Lol
04:05 who the fuck is this guy? He has a web show? I'd really like to see it
Being a criminal is a life lifestyle choice, not a race. You can pick your lifestyle you can not pick your race. Breaking into a country doesnt make you any more a member of that country, than breaking into a house makes you a member of the house hold.
Well listen I support Trump In pretty much everything. And I agree we need to stop illegal immigration. But we cant have a wall. But people will always get into the United States or drugs or whatever. We need to get a different way that can guarantee no one gets in. Not a wall blocking land but not underground, sea, air. We definitely shouldnt make Mexico pay for all of it or at all. Im happy for everything else Trump does though! Fuck Obama!
Lol this boy like day gonna have x-ray scanners lol got me going really good
Building the wall would kill thousands of animal that call that land there home as a mexican Im pro wall and enter the country legally but what kills me is all the animal's that would suffer the consequences of illegal migration. Change my mind please.
Wow... what a STUPID free thought that was
Your whole family ought to be executed
Everyone in this room is now dumber. I reward you no points and may god have mercy on your soul.
The wall hurts the ecosystem. Better the border security.
Jesus Christ!  This guy was painful to listen to.  Why is it that the people who are eager to get on camera are the ones who ramble and have nothing to say?

Also, do you think you're better than me because your family is from Spain?
To the second guy. Look at the U.K.  we let them all in from Europe and Pakistan. They pay nothing. Ruin the country. Dont integrate. Drain our resources. No. No. No.
Can someone show me the statistic that illegal immigrants commit 37% of homicides? Not saying he made it up but i really cant find that data
I like the part about making money off the people that come into the county without bringing more American currency. so the country can share its currency to them and then try and make a little bit of it back! I mean make more money sounds like perfect logic 
Simple solution if you hire illegals your company gets fined 5000 dollars 2nd time 50000 3rd time shit your company down for a year.  NO JOBS NO ILLEGALS.  And then these companies would have to pay a descent wage.
"Im not Mexican, Im Spanish... my family has been in Mexico since the 1500's".... HAHAHA WHAT?!
i kinda feel bad for that second guy because he was so nice and was trying so hard but just had no idea what he was talking about
 "uh huh, yeah, yeah, okay... sure."

I'd have a hard time not zoning out completely trying to listen to people ramble like this.
Dudes a complete retard.
Hes here with go green global ready to waste trillions of dollars of energy on a hypothetical wall that wont work 
ladders
Stevens facial expression at the end was priceless
Build the wall
steven is trying so hard not to laugh @ X-ray scanner guy.
people are still to stupid to understand that coming into a country illegaly is a crime. Its like a homeless man coming into your house and live in it without asking you and when you find out about him living in your house he tells you "dude its cold outside so you have to let me live in here"
"We can build an x-ray boarder", what a fucking idiot! Lmao. 
That guy with the white shirt and backpack does not know how to speak correct english, the way he talks is fucking annoying. Ha ha
A wall wouldn't work, also a note took a statistics class and statistics are all BS, better yet let just conquer Mexico and the rest of South America.
I live in New Mexico. Juarez is my neighbor almost 2 hours away. Drugs and cartel is epidemic here. Build the fucking wall!!
WE HAVE  WALLmart, The Great Wall OF CHINA , Hadrian's WALL.. BUILT THE WALL BY THE WAY AM SPANISH I CAME TRU THE FRONT DOOR NOT THE BACK DOOR..
Build the wall if you want but i dont think mexico should be paying for it.
X-ray Wall??? How many drugs is that guy on? Build the wall
I like the look Steve gave the camera right after hispanic moron left.  :-)
Though, your face at the end is priceless
Im done at xray database gate
that guy is a total moron
So he wants to tag those who are coming through the country.....

That doesnt seem sketchy at all 
What the hell is this guy on ?
Man these people are dumb. I am for the wall but I can sit there and explain why we shouldnt have a wall. #maga
so ... instead of walls we suggested to have x ray wall ... if so in any case there should be access point to go through and yet to keep that spot there must be a wall , what should have been done is investing into whatever may make people legal citizens, like language lessons , adjusting so on  ... instead of being too lazy or stupid to learn stuff , wait ... those kinda peopla already become legal immigrants ... and ... they don`t become legal  only if ... they don`t want waste their time to  .. adjust ... so it`s their own fault, like cheating on test besides for america instead of investing into a border they should help fix Mexicos government ... Just do marijuana legal man and criminal rate will drop everywhere ... jezz loius , how long must we wait for weed to be legal
Either way... this topic doesnt really matter to me (the wall part at least I am personally against illegal immigration). But I really like the way you present yourself and your opinions... so if you ever get the chance to get to talk to Adam from Adam ruins everything talk about this at least because it would be awesome to see or hear about
That guy,against the wall, planning to be Governor,I stupid it hurt my head listening to him.
That guys got a couple screws lose for real.
The idea of a wall is dumb. Here is an idea, and I really hope people get behind this idea. Why not build a canal that connects the Pacific Ocean and the Gold of Mexico. Both sides could build port cities which sustain their economies, and it would substantially decrease illegal immigration. Nobody is going to swim across a 4-60 foot deep canal littered with container vessels, tuggers, and law enforcement. Please consider this idea, thoughtfully, let us get the ball rolling on this.
The idea of a wall is dumb. Here is an idea, and I really hope people get behind this idea. Why not build a canal that connects the Pacific Ocean and the Gold of Mexico. Both sides could build port cities which sustain their economies, and it would substantially decrease illegal immigration. Nobody is going to swim across a 4-60 foot deep canal littered with container vessels, tuggers, and law enforcement. Please consider this idea, thoughtfully, let us get the ball rolling on this.
We are all illegal immigrants when you think about it, anyone who isnt native Indian is a fucking illegal immigrant, Mexicans should ave more rights Lilian or not as they also native and closest to native indians
What should we do? Tax them, make them pass a test.. You mean apply for citizenship!? That dude was PAINFULLY stupid
BUILD THE WALL AND HAVE MEXICO PAY FOR IT
Hey Mr crowder, when your own kind (U.S. citizens)  stop fucking hiring illegals, your wall might work.
X-ray kid hasnt thought any of this through very well.
Sharks with laser beams 

Im telling u it would work

Or fill the piranha inbthe rivers dividing us.

That would help
Put a wall up with a mine field and a moat with sharks and laser beams
Fuck people are dumb as fucking shit
StevenCrowder  My problem is that we don't need a physical wall more like a high tech surveillance on the border and if they're going to create a stronger boarder on the southern boarde have that same energy a "build a wall" on the northern border as well.
poor lady. the next guy sounds like an ignorant idiot
My brain cells are dying. And the last dude wants to be a politician? Tragic and comical how this is a reality.
Well if nothing else, at least the new Mexican guy is creative.
Dude in the backpack is a complete idiot!!  Its scary to have to share a country with people this stupid!!!
Trump 100% said Mexicans are bringing in drugs.

And some he ASSUMES are good people.

Crowder lies often to put his adopted right wing agenda.
That nigga is retarded
The more I watch Steven's videos the more I notice that it is not really "Change my mind" but "Change your mind".
I have noticed that his content would be a little better (Its already fantastic, but I have noticed a pattern) if he came off more open minded to other people's opinions.
Rather than interrupting them and drumming them with facts and statistics. "Can you please stop interrupting me?" even though he interrupts them plenty of times.
If he genuinely acted as though his mind could be changed rather than shutting them down immediately and interrupting when he has heard enough of their side.
Again, i think he does a great job, but this is just something I have observed since the start of watching the series.
Ummm, what-a???
Make them legal citizens and tax them? Sorry dude, breaking the law to enter this country doesn't result in being handed citizenship. They broke the law, they're fucking criminals. Period
how much weed did that guy smoke before he sat down down? Just wow, liberalism is a mental disorder.
Dont build the wall, secure the border with technology but dont make someone rich building something that will not fix the problem....
Technically all illegal immigrants are criminals in the united states. I mean they break US border laws by illegally coming to our country. Sooooo yeah
Heaven has a gate and only selected people are allowed in. Hell has open borders. That says it all.
What did I just listen to.....Leroy seems like hes on something lol
As soon as he said Im Spanish not Mexican, my familys been in New Mexico since the 1550s I knew he was a moron.
the part that surprised me the most was when you called your youtube subs cheap pricks lol
Wall unfortunately doesn't work because most illegal immigrants just simply overstay there visa a wall will do nothing because they make ladders or tunnel building which is another main way I just don't see why it would be worth spending billions on a wall when we have a debt like we have and I don't think it would  stop that many illegal immigrants
Tbh, I shouldn't really care about this issue cause I live in Europe but I like discussing stuff, it improves my decisionmaking so... here goes nothing:

I agree that a country including the USA ofc should control its borders. And I also think that illegal immigrants are more likely to become criminals so you should keep the rate of illegal criminals down. However, I do not think that building a wall is an efficient solution to the problem. It costs too much for too small of a benefit. Let me explain:

-The wall would have to be 2000 miles long, through rough terrain like mountains, rivers and even villages which would result in the most expensive project America has ever had.
- > The CNBC (oct. 2015) estimated that this would cost between 15 billion and 25 billion dolllars.
-Now add the cost of staffing and maintaining the wall that every tax payer would have to pay on top of that and we see that such huge investment really needs to fulfill its duty properly to be worth it. 

But controlling immigration is very difficult and is not as intuitive as one might think. 
-It's estimated that 27%-40% of all immigrants came in on planes and overstayed their visas. So the wall will not stop a significant amount of immigrants at all. 
->Politifact (sept. 8 2015)
-Even if we talk about the rest (73%-60%) many of these come in legally as well to visit familiy, because of business, vacation etc. And yeah, a tourist doesn't pay for healthcare in America, he doesn't pay taxes, he doesn't pay for things a normal American citizen has to. And normally these people go back. It's like this in every other 1st world country. However, if you introduce higher border control and it becomes more difficult to cross the border many people just end up staying in the USA because they think it's just better for them in the end as they can abuse the system or maybe even just have a higher life standard than before. You can think about supervising these people or maybe take measures that don't allow the abuse of the system but this has nothing to do with the wall. A wall doesn't stop people who already came in. 
This is what happened during the Reagen, Bush and Clinton administration. The number of undocumented immigrants rose up by 248% after border controls went up significantly. 
-In fact one of 30 illegal immigrants in the USA is an unauthorized immigrant who went over the border undocumented which is less than 4%.
->Pew Research Center 2014
-And even if you still think that a wall would be worth it at this point we still do not know the efficiency of the wall against people who want to cross it illegally. How many could sneak by? It doesn't matter what kind of wall is built, there are easy solutions to overcome a physical wall. Now regard the fact that it's 2000 miles long and you would need to guard it at every point to minimize leaks. Desperate people will find a way. Even in Berlin before 1989 people got thorugh and that was a much, MUCH shorter wall with much higher security measures and very drastic guards shooting every illegal emigrant right away.

So all in all we would stop a minuscule amount from coming in but instead even keep potentially over 200% of the normal immigrants in to become illegal. 
At this point I have to say that this idea is just plain unrealistic and wishful thinking. I mean building a wall was the solution in the middle ages or even antiquity to protect cities. The wall in China that so happens to inspire Trump so much wasn't even that effective at that time and we're talking about organised attacks by mongols and other people back then who didn't try to sneak in but openly  invaded China. 
The biggest problem the USA has imo is that its system can be easily abused, that control and supervision of immigrants is terrible and that you find a job, living space and so on in America without documented background or maybe without even people giving a crap about your background.  

I support everyone who wants to control the border of his/her country but I think we need a better solution than a huge wall.  

P.S.: I know there is a video where Steven tries to debunk Adam. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c_VDQVs7OE8
But I think most points Adam made are valid whereas Steven's argument debunks some data or some missconceptions but still not the main points Adam mentions in his video. You still have to see the decision of building a wall for itself and evaluate its worth given the facts that we know. And even after what Steven said, even if true and I believe him, thinking all over I still say that a wall is a terrible idea.
I just want a wall with freaking laser beams...is that too much to ask...throw me a bone! 
the Spanish guy isn't to bright is he
Don't get me wrong, I am a fan, but everytime that they don't change your mind they lose or so it feels that way, but at the same time if you don't change their mind then you lose so it's even-steven. I love the different ideas but a lot of what I heard from Crowder today is not accurate or stereotypically outdated. You can't always set parameters on someone when you are asking them to change your mind. There was absolutely no success on this topic on changing my mind episode or anyone's mind. I do have a slight problem with your word usage, you used the word border, singular, not borders and when you did use the word borders the focus was on the Mexican-American border. That is not the only border in America you have the Canadian-American border as well including with Alaska and if you really want your agenda fulfilled, not reality, then you have to build all borders everywhere you have them whether they are land or sea if you want to be genuine with your first proposal. That means the Alaskan-Russian ocean/sea border and create a ring of a border around Hawaii and if it is not a state then let it go just like Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. America has always used gimmicks to gain property and money. The So-called Louisiana Purchase and not stealing land from Mexico, but getting a Valentine's gift from Mexico with California, Texas, Arizona, New Mexico etc., Becuase America would never steal or lie about history trust me. And if you say with all due respect I can read between the lines well guess what so can I. Congrats on your success, this is not hate at all, this is a respectful tribute to the style and format you present in your discussions. Let go of the Virgin Islands since they are not a state and including Puerto Rico, if you are serious about building the wall,... they are not states. And if any country similar to Russia was in the location of Canada you would have lost Alaska a long time ago. If it is not next to the so-called nation than you will lose it. Every European country lost theirs including England, Spain, and Portugal, example losing all the new western developing countries due to selfish Conquistadors who were looking to hit the Lotto. Britain lost India, and America when the king got greedy with taxes and that is not the end of  the list, I believe Japan and China were attempted by England by trying to take over Hong Kong. You might say this is long for you and I definitely agree on the lazy eye reader but as much as I still enjoy your videos then you can't complain about the the time you spend reading this because I don't complain about how much time I spend on your videos. I truly enjoy them. But you do know that North America, especially America, wants to replicate the currency just like in Europe with the Euro and they want to call it the Amero. Once a currency- bank makes bank, other banks will follow. Where there is war there is crime and America one of the youngest countries about a bit over 200 years old has been in more wars per timeline from inception than any other country since their birth, probably more than any other country, and the recent wars are not even near the country they are gimmicks to sell weapons and America is the biggest exporter of weapons and America wants to play the blame game and play innocent and point the finger to other smaller countries except for China and Russia cus they know they will be in big trouble if they do. And when was the last time they won a war honestly, the revolution does not count it was not America it was a bunch of colonies still, they prolong wars and then lose them on purpose to promote weapon sales, the Great Britain 2.0 strategy. Why pick on the small guy if you're so great. If you are great then be great on your own. As soon as illegal or legal immigrants stop integrating to America then America will become poor and bankrupt and a country smelling blood is going to take the first bite. America does not give unless they take more, in the long run. Like taking illegal immigrants and giving them jobs based on greedy employers, that are citizens who never get punished, they should fine them at the same time you deport illegals shouldn't they, the law already exist for the fine to be applied but they never apply it, I believe the fine is $10,000 per illegal-employee. If your so-called wall is a legal defense to defend your so-called country then follow the law and prosecute those breaking the law because those who knowingly hire and even if they wanna play dumb, then good cus ignorance of the law is no excuse, right? Building a wall is a demolition-self-destructing-status just like the suicidal-card shuffle game America played with the twin towers, at everyone's expense except the so-called elite. It's all about profits and image. If you wanna stop illegal immigration right just like you say, then STOP hiring non-citizens, including any outsourcing and then keep calling yourself the best when you see your profits and Wall Street dewindle like a shriveled penis or an old breast from the queen of England, no more excitement for you America and no more bragging rights not that they ever existed. There is no such thing as legal-Americans anyways. Calling a Native American legal is pathetic, how can you go to someones home for the first time from another land crossing an entire ocean and call then legal in their own house he'll laugh at you but since they are the small guy well I guess just give them reservations and casinos and about $25,000 from guilt when they turn 18. And you where never legal anyways, all decendants fron Europe on stolen land. Besides legal is an illusion to control your mind and make you a slave. If you are human than you are an Earthling and that's all that matters. Borders will be history again and so will multiple languages since both were created to separate people anyways. Divide and conquer, is it not the strategy and game?
I am not agaisnt the wall. But please once you build the southern wall turn north and continue that wall as well cause a lot of immagrants are coming in through there too. Cause like mexicans dont need pass port to visit canada.
Yo this guy living in 2173
Id rather the u.s take over Mexico than build a stupid wall ur ignorant if you thank that will do anything. Go ask illegals how they got here
Gosh this was a pain to watch because both people he debated against didnt have good arguments  Id demolish this guy in a debate on illegal immigration
proceeds to discreetly speak into a microphone
And then ask him if he wants his paycheck taxes to pay for that!
Wtf is this second person talking about my head is actually hurting after listening to what he is saying... also how the fuck would n xray gate stop ppl from crossing the border lol fml
I believe in securing our borders but i dont think a wall is going to do that. Maybe this thousand mile x ray ID tag border scanner is the way to go.
Fuck I need a job and I love painting grafitti. I'll build the wall then go back to broke ass artist.
Crowder your face said it all after second interview/discussion
Not immigrants, they are illegal aliens.
The look on your face at the end is perfect
The guy in the white shirt is a dumbass
Come on I thought you wer a smart person with some common sense. HEY! HAVE YOU HEARD OF PLANES B-B-BRAH
Liberals take all kinds of drugs when they get home so thats why they want open borders so bad
How about bear traps ?
Canada should build a Wall instead
I could feel my IQ drop e few points listening to that guy talk about his x-ray wall...
This guy is just babbling mindlessly!
Omg this one was painful to watch people trying to change your mind.  All their talking about is forcing stricter regulations on people that we ALREADY KNOW are coming through, but that doesn't stop people from coming in illegally..I was at first against the wall but I've thought about it, so yes build the thing and get it over with.
That Leroy guy is smart man whoa
that guy in the white shirt is a moron--that if we let them in we can tax them and whatever and make money---ahhh moron that is WHAT legal immigration IS!
Ok, when you leave your house, do you lock your doors and windows? Why? Why you have a fence around your property? When you answer these questions. Apply it to the reason of why we need a wall. If youre against the wall, practice what you preach!!!. Leave your doors open, perhaps the homeless people can benefit by taken showers on your bathroom , eating your food, or maybe they need your electronics and take it. A wall on our borders are need it for the same reasons you have your property behind walls and lock doors.
This guy is one of the stupidest interviewers yet and he's got a lot of them you look up retard that guy's pictures in the dictionary
What's going on with the first woman's bottle? She's growing a tree on the go?
 bro shut up pendejo your making Hispanics look dumb ese!!
The US could build a wall in there land and  but Mexico ain't paying shit if the US wants a war then  statistically it would be a repeat of Vietnam  and  the whole Latin American Allies would fight with alongside Mexico.
@stevencrowder Love your vids! But I just had a question I was hoping you could maybe answer. At around 6:30 of your video you state statistics that 3.5% of America are undocumented immigrants and they commit 37% of homicides and 13% of violent crimes. I wanted to know what source did you pull this data from? It's because I couldn't find any close numbers on what you said when I was researching or any articles that gave % numbers.
We should get an x-ray machine 
Ok so you build the wall and now they cant get in by land, but what about the sea? The people who would be crossing by land normally, would just resort to crossing by boat or coming in by plane and over staying. In the long run it wouldn't make a difference. The best thing I can think of is using that money to increase patrols and offer large amounts of money as rewords for turning illegals in. People are greedy and would so do it. offer $2000 per illegal turned in no questions, tax free, easy money. If that dosent work increase the amount, offer enough money as a reward and people will be happy to snitch on illegals.
Just create more jobs to protect the border. Make it harder for undocumented people to get jobs,apartments,cars and so on. Honestly some people can't afford to leave to come to America; maybe having programs in Mexico could help stop a lot of illegals meaning helping them with getting green cards and other things. Like I said more people patrolling the borders more CCTV,command centers and trigger alerts.
Honestly I don't care who comes here. Who cares if they are illegals man.
I died when he said I one day plan to be the governor of New Mexico.... good luck with that.
That was a serious office moment at the end
Instead of building a wall, id say create more jobs by hiring more border patrol officers
Well, I disagree on the wall thing, not the control the borders. The wall , as described , is going to be an expensive thing. It is going to make the economic situation worse. It will take millions of dollars to build it and thousands for the upkeep.
They r so dumb.   The wall is 2 stop drug cartels from operating our borders.   The wall also pushes people to the legal system.
Build the xray wall!!
This episode should have been done at a university. these mouth breathers didn't provide much.
The wall is gonna be super expensive from high taxes when most Mexicans come to America via areoplanes
"And we can also like have alien spaceships to watch everyone and make sure they pay taxes you know. And then when I'm governor of New Mexico we can like make Wil Wheaton head of the alien DOD and have a phone app run for president you know?"
I don't think the "physical wall" is a good idea. I think it's a waste. People who want to come here will find a way. I don't know what the right answer is, but I don't think the wall will do anything to significantly impact people coming to the US, much less stop criminals or drugs from entering.
And here i thought extreme feminism was cancer...( dude at 4:38)
Meanwhile in Iowa illegals killing actual citizens
that's Spanish guy is an ignoramus
.In this video:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WQGw1tKEpEg
The Antichrist Irrefutably Identified!   The Beast 666
Where can i find the sources crowder cites?
swag nice vans
Winter is here. The brown walkers are coming.
BUILD THE WALL!!!
Jesus that dude on about an x-ray wall was clueless... hurt to listen.
I don't think the wall would solve anything. Apart from immigration topic, I think spending so much money on a wall seems impractical. If there's a will there's a way. I believe it can't prevent smuggling, illegal immigration, etc. (completely anyway) as most people believe. I think it's a unnecessary tax paying spending and mind you I'm a govt employee and I'm the type that doesn't want to waste this country's money. It's like prohibition, still doesn't stop people passing around booze 
Scientifulcul
Walls dont stop illegal immigration they just create more alternative door ways and cause immigrants in the country to overstay their visas.
What the fuck is Steven talking shit about? "He did not say that either" - Oh yes he did:

"When Mexico sends their people - their not sending their best. Their not sending you, their not sending you. They're bringing the problems [...] They're bringing drugs, they're bringing crime, and SOME of them I assume are good people." That is a fatal generalization of a group of people.

So get your fucking shit right, Steven - I understand you are doing quite a lot of research to propagate republican views and catch otherly thinking in the heat of the moment, bombarding them with facts that let the light shine good on your personal perspective - but come on, this quote is not to be discussed. Same as the discussion about the wall itself - it is totally useless, a wall will not stop people from effectively coming through, and the costs for this project stand in no relation to it's use.
That guy was hilarious he contradicted himself a lot he did make a few good points but i think he has a lot to learn
I don't feel like the Spanish dude represented the cause right (ah)
I like the. Getting rid of all borders and replacing them with an X-Ray checkpoint you have to go through only if you have a written note and it there checkpoints all over to track the the immigrants to keep it all free flowing..... wow
Future Governor of New Mexico... on acid.
People shouldn't just be able to walk into the country is all im saying. I don't want people to come here illegally. I want them to come here legally so that they can become Americans and have their rights.
The wall will pay for itself 1,000x over.
"Like a scientifical x-ray border, like yeah, like more free-flowing, I need to talk to some masterminds and I plan on being like the governor of New mexico, like, yeah."

ok...
Second dude makes it sound like its that easy. Build a wall
I'm against illegal immigration but I don't like how they are treated by the border patrol,  and I don't know if a wall is a good idea.
These people are so stupid. I couldn't even watch it all
4:40 this guy is bullshiting from the start. he was just there to get views
guy obviously a fan of Arnold Swarzenegger "Total Recall" Xray wall - and don't forget to inject people with tracker / readers  ....
Do you really think that a wall will stop illegal mexicans?
x-ray numbers in database and a written notice, but he "just wants it to be more free-flowing" lmao
honestly the most compelling argument against the wall imo is the environmental impacts. species that live on both sides of the border will have their range cut off, terrestrial migratory animals will not be able to migrate,  the construction and physical change to the land will displace many other species, and being that people will always figure a way to enter the USA illegally, the amount of materials needed in relation to the effectiveness of the wall is not equivalent.
I lean towards conservative. Now with that being said, I think the wall is useless because most people that are here illegally, come with tourist visas legally, and stay here. We should focus on fixing that problem first.
I have an idea. Hire private security companies to patrol the border.
Hey Steven did you get your statistics and facts from Billy Wayne Ruddick Jr? I' m just asking because I recognize the same type of logics in your debates. With a little more effort, maybe one day, you will be able to follow in his footsteps.
This guy is chatting utter shite  don't build a wall build a giant X ray wall
That second guy was a complete idiot-ah
Where is he getting his data from that 37% of homicides are committed by undocumented immigrants? I love these conversations but I would like to have some links to where he gets these statistics from. According to Snopes, NPR, Factcheck.org, I can't find a correlation between that data and what Steven is talking about. Anyone got anything from a reputable source?
I think it would be cheaper if the USA took over Mexico they would probably just roll over and accept the take over no war necessary.
Americans can do whatever they want within their borders. Illegal immigrants are traitors to their motherland and invaders to their host country they don't have the right to complain.
Building the wall will solve a lot of problems with immigration but what they arent talking about is the price of the wall maybe instead of spending all of tax payer money on a wall you could help people in third work countries that need that money to eat or need that money to go to school thats where I would prefer my money to go
I've always found it so odd when people go on about how honest illegal immigrants are, when the people they are talking about are committing a crime every second.
You do not just let the burglar off when they have left the house, and if they are caught in the house what kind of person keeps going on how honest they are?
Some one once asked me "If twenty years ago some one committed a burglary to feed their family, do I think they should have to go to prison now"  To which I answered "May be not after all twenty years ago they did not get caught. But if they are still doing it today and every day for the last twenty years then Yes. Just because they got away with it twenty years ago doe's not mean they win have the right to get away with it everyday. The crime does not end the day they come in, every second after that they are still committing a crime. Being a criminal is a life lifestyle choice, not a race. You can pick your lifestyle you can not pick your race."
The next line they always come up with is how hard working illegal immigrants are. To which I say "So what? Some crime is hard work, not all crime is easy. But it's easy than not being a criminal or people would not be criminals. Do you know whats a harder than being a illegal immigrant? Being a legal immigrant. If it was easier there would be no illegal immigrant. Legal immigrants are the number one group where a large percentage hate illegal immigrants, after all, if you had to work hard, how would you like people who got the same reward for no work?."
Of course they never say illegal immigrants it's always some thing like undocumented guest worker, which I find odd. A guest is some one who is invited, and at the end of that invitation leaves. A guess has no right to tell me how to live my life, and can not get me to change it to be like the place they were so much of a hurry to leave, then want me to pay for it.
Breaking into a country doesnt make you any more a member of that country, than breaking into a house makes you a member of the family.
I really think he changed your mind, Steven....  

What a cretin he was. The worst argument Ive ever heard from anyone ever.
Waste of money, Illegals will probably be the ones to build the wall, the fences in place now have ladders built into them for maintenance purposes, tunnels are a thing, visas, idk. I like a lot of your videos. This one is dumb.
If Mexicans were white, that wall would have been built 50 years ago.
Yo Im from New Mexico too!!
hell nah we need borders
fuck, that first lady broke my heart
I live in New Mexico and I cannot wait to vote for this x Ray governor. Genius man.
I live in New Mexico. This made me sad...
Surprised no one simply pointed out that feasibly it doesnt work and its a waste of money as it wont produce any real long term jobs
He plans on being the governor of new mexico... lmao!
0:15 To the guy in the DINK t-shirt- the band from Akron- so cool to see that in Austin of all places. Although I'm sure, politically, they'd hate Steven Crowder- or if they were around today they'd write a song trashing him expertly, intelligently, subtly and with a bumping bass line. O-H-I-O.
If mexican people have to deal with illegal immigration, then what's the legal way?
Crowder, do you maintain your Canadian residency?
Do not build a wall stop chain babies and that will end migration oh yeah prosecute workplaces and landlords that knowingly do business  with illegals
This guy wants to be mayor? Lmfao. Sad part is he probably will.
no more borders in the future? oh shoooot this guy's been dropping acid it seems...
you cant say the word "statistically" ad state your own generalization
Im going to call Yousef to whoop your ass on this subject too
around blacks never relax
There will be no wall
Can we deport both of them?
Add gogreenglobal to the list of things to not check out.
That dude was geetered out.... The new governor
7:00 clean ass r32 only 5000 made in the usa
that look at the literally said it ALL
                WTF
Do the people that debate Steven Crowder, even think about what they say before its said? This made me want the wall even more!
LOL its so funny, individuals think that they have a right to be in america over other people because you were born there?? if the roles were reversed and you were born in a country that wasn't as affluent as another, you had a family and you could provide a better life for them, you wouldn't go ahead and do the same! LOL of course you would, and thats probably the weakest argument for throwing "the wall" building out of the office! absolute retards!! American privileged retards who wan to act like they're against immigration, like you weren't an immigrant at one point in history?? so stupid, when they say, out forefathers fought so we can be free, like you were on the battlefield LOL, what have you done for society? apart from stink the place up with your uneducated comments and using valuable resources flushing tonnes of mcdonalds down the toilet.
"But how do you check that without a border wall?" 
Governor of new mexico?  Can't even talk right. Ends every sentence with yea.
Refer to Adam ruins everything. Simple
Im glad im not the only one who zoned out the last 4 minutes. He speaks so fast and once he started talking about this scifi shit like no borders and x ray tagging i was like this dood is baked.
That poor first lady...

My biggest concern about a physical wall is the cost of its construction. Especially if Trump pushes that terrible solar panel idea. It will do nothing for the tunnels either.

That said, I think we should focus on tightening security in other ways. As well as, in my opinion, if the average American highschool graduate cannot pass the immigration test, either the test itself or the quality of public schools needs to be addressed aggressively. Preferably the latter.
What I always say is this. What happens when all the Mexicans come here and then there is none left in Mexico. Does that mean we can take over that country and populate it. Maybe we should just make Mexico a state of the US and then they dont have to leave Mexico.
"The wall" is unbuildable and unachievable there's no way to build it so rly no point in this episode... if u want the facts just use the device ur on and google it America's already in debt too so no chance.
This is coming from a Mexican, these guys are fucking idiots.
Hello I am an open minded Mexican American, i believe in reenforcing our and people should not be here illegally. BUT I just believe that the wall is not a good idea and will cost lots of money. If someone can change my mind or see it from another point off view please answer. Thanks
That New Mexican. SMH.
I love all of these people but when it comes to a wall most immigrants arent coming through on foot. Most immigrants are actually coming in by plane
I believe what he was talking about was ,no national borders or walls anywhere ,and every human on the planet would have an electronic tag \ signature so the governmens of the world could track and tax us all accordingly. That's got to be one of the most communist thing I've ever heard . what are they teaching our youth in college these days . common sense people!
The thing that surprised me the most was that the latin dudes family was living in New Mexico since the 1550's
Delusions of grandeur is the second guys name.
How the fuck, ALL Mexicans come from SPANISH PEOPLE
A giant wall seems like a giant waste of money, especially because the border's terrain. People will always find a way in. If we make it easier for people to gain citizenship and thus pay taxes and contribute to our country, illegal entry would decrease dramatically.
I think I've lost more brain cells watching this video out of all the other change my mind videos you have.
Let's build a giant ditch, instead, then flush it out every month, and lower a bridge to let ppl cross.
donald trump u should exray ppl  man bricks are offensive for some reason exray is cool
ya mannnn   no wall exray that thing man lol
The dude in the white shirt is hard to watch, he's so stupid.
What if the wall is to keep us in? I dunno if anyone else notices, but this country is off its meds now..
And let's face it, if something really major did happen, the rest of the world would turn on us in two seconds. 
We don't have friends or allies. We have people biding their time and smiling to our faces and cursing behind our backs
The wall is a stupid idea tbh, i usually agree with crowder but tbh the wall will not be payed for by mexico. You cant just do that, the us would have to pay and it would cost A LOT of money, and thats an understatement. If illegal immigrants cant climb they will do something else, there is proof of tunnels, plane routes, and sea routes that take you past the border. If you are to deal with illegal immigrants youd have to deal with it a different way. All a wall would do is cost a shit ton. IMO
I feel bad for the first woman, the poor lady was genuinely scared.
Trying to interview ordinary people that doesnt support your view is not a way you change your mind, if you sincerely want to change your mind just search why doesnt any other country with borders as large or near USA make that stupid wall. 
but If you want to win an argument to prove a point for other conservative ordinary people that is a way to do it.
Theyre not building no bitch ass wall lmao
Trump can you please hurry up and build the northern wall? Canada is getting too many people running across the border from the US!
That second guy is an idiot
If you wanna make them angry, do "Abortions are murder, change my mind"
build gamma ray laser gun in border, who tag them with 3rd grade burns and instant vaporization of organs :)
That poor lady. Obviously most of the people illegally coming into the US are Scum. Law abiding people dont do that kind of thing. Also people need to be more informed on how to contact ICE if you encounter an illegal.
Why build a wall, we are the same people from the same planet. By doing a wall we are seperating us and creating hate. Why dont we love each other man. All now has to do with money and shit. Maybe it will stop the problem. But why dont we make weed legal, why dont we address the source of the problem instead of creating sonethibg to adress the problem
Mexican college guy here

Just to put some context, Mexico doesn't want the wall because of the Trump's hate speech, also the immigration rate from Mexicans to USA is being falling the last years (Google it). If the problem is that the illegal immigrants statistically kill more people than legal, we have to understand why they migrate, since this is an economic phenomenal one of the ideas that I've heard from some scholars in Mexico and USA is cut the illegal selling of weapons from USA to Mexico, so we can manage the narcotrafic problem we have here. Now speaking of South America immigrants this topic is aloooooot more complicated because of the extreme poverty and ungovernability of those countries (yeah, worst than Mexico), one of the ideas of the next Mexican administration is to reinforce the economic activity in those countries so they won't have the necessity of migrate. View from a basic and pragmatic perspective the wall sounds good, but once you see the topic from a "public policy" & "economic" perspective, is not that good and you guys (Americans) will pay for it from your taxes, and is alot of mone, money you can use in other issues.
What this guy was talking about this xray thing and that it scans you, sounds a lot like mark of the beast! Screw that! Love God and make Jesus your Lord and savior!!
that guy was so hard to listen to. it was like listening to a child with a brain injury...
that look at the end was perfect.
My grandma came here a non citizen and became a citizen. Other illegals should too. Don't do it illegally because its illegal. Simple.
This man finna get shot eventually .
He was not born in the great USA.
Jesus the second interview, i literally lost brain cells. He has no idea what hes talking about nor how boarders work. Hes an idiot.
America already has a border. You are asking the questions in a very partial manner. You keep asking "So you don't agree that there should be security along the borders" 

Everyone disagrees with building a wall because they are probably scared shitless that they will have to pay more tax for the next who knows how many years because U.S fucked up government has to pay off the wall and also because it probably wont make a darn difference because all them CEOS and bosses need their coke and heroin 

Also, spend billions of dollars to build a wall and billions fighting fake so called wars across the globe "to protect americans" yet thousands and thousands of american citizens are homeless.
Right now there are a lot of holes in the great wall of china and a lot of bricks have been sold from people who stole them. The next problem is the money in order to prevent the stealing of bricks you would need to make the wall out of iron, and that would be too expensive and economically not possible. Next problem is that the wall ends in the sea and the immigrants can literally go around it, however there is a way to patroll that but again it costs money and people. The next problem are farmers whose land the wall will go through.
Next time.....
Dont waste my time, my phone battery or the space on that chair with an interview of that caliber. I would have rather heard comentary on an empty chair rather than than that dumb ass and his mastermind ideas.  Governor to be? His candidacy woud be the true test of a nation success or demise. As an American of Mexican heritage, this dumb ass was an embarrassment on ideas, and vocabulary. 
Build the fn wall and spike his body on a steak as a warning to everyone that having some sort of education is critical before opening your mouth.
I feel like the wall is just wasteful. Were already in a deficit, are we going to fund it with more debt? And if you can enforce immigration law (in a humane way, of course) whats the need for the wall? At any rate, a wall may not guarantee keeping people out.
so the dude basically wants scanners every where that the government can use to find you at any time?
scary
My mind is changed, we should go for the x-ray wall
Crowder has the patience of Job
Trump did say that stuff about Mexicans...
The Spanish guy had no idea. lol. X-ray scanner, but no border.
If you think about it, all illegal immigrants are criminals. Illegal immigration is against the law, therefore it's a criminal act. Am I wrong here?
An X-ray Boarder 
In all seriousness building a wall to solve any problem is the worst idea ever in human history. No wall ever in human history has ever solved a problem at least in terms of keeping humans out of anything. Also, immigration is homo sapien sapiens' worst made up fear(It probably has something to do with fear of taking resources). You can't taste, touch, hear, see or smell an imaginary so called border. In historical terms nothing has ever stopped anyone traveling anywhere yet(In Earth context please). Steven Crowder please change my mind about the immigration fallacy.
A wall will not solve the problem of immigration. I do propose a different solution, annexing the entire world.
I wish I could be on this show and make a real argument against building a wall unlike these dumb asses...
Why are people even yelling at him like I litterally dont understand why would you want someone to illegally sneak into your country
That dude was living in 3034 like fuck Im confused
I mean I'm a fan of trump but the walls dumb. It's way to expensive, there was a video that showed how much it would cost to build the wall and it was something like 50b and then just as much to maintain it per year.
How about a moat with Florida Alligators ? or a Mine Field?
That Spanish guy's a fucking mouth-breather.
I am no liberal, I am no conservative. Pro life I am, pro gun I am, this wall I am not. For what it is, is not wrong, but its intentions isn't to keep people out, it's to keep us in. Promote your own self imprisonment because of a false reason, of a narrative. Tell people to question all news, because it is good. but don't take your own advice, like you should
Drugsahh
I like the Spanish  guy..rating all the Mexicans out..bring in drugs and smuggling humans..lol
A lot of the same folks arguing more gun control wont stop criminals from getting guns also argue that a wall will stop illegal immigration, but thats none of my business.
Hopes and dreams and lets not offend people and hope for the best for the US... lmao 
I wish I was there for this argument with Steven. There's three reasons the wall hasn't been built yet. One: the uneven Terrain at the southern border it's not all flat dry land. two: private land some of the wall will go into private property and many resorts don't want to see a concrete wall blocking natural views. 3: surveillance drones. We have spent 28 billion on various border security measures the drones and helicopters and thousands of border patrol guards. Another way to protect the border is to follow the way Mexico handles foreign Invaders into its country if you or I trespassed into Mexico for the first time we would be sent to jail for 2 years. If we did it again we would be placed in prison for 10 years.
New Mexico guy is suggesting Orwellian level shit. He should be forced to read 1984.
That last guy was a twit...
X Ray border homie
Leroy just basically said everyone should get microchipped. Illuminati confirmed.
I want to ask any of you something: well, let's say American government finishes the wall (because I hope you know there's already a wall but it's unfinished). So now, you have that wall, well, next problem: the US are the biggest consumer of illegal drugs in the world. You guys have a really huge problem with drugs. Thousands die every year because of overdose, so who provides all your consumers with heroin, meth etc? Yeah! The cartels haha and guess what? American  arms industry profits a loooooooot from selling weapons to the cartels. Ah and also the cartels bribe many of your officers and politicians. So how much do you think drugs and arms business is worth? So let me tell you something: the wall is just a demagogic speech. Who of you really think your problems with your southern neighbours are going to end with the wall? Are you really so naiv? Hope not, because your politicians and business men love money, and drugs and weapons are very profitable. Or may I remind you what happen with the HSBC case a couple years ago? Do you even remember or know something about that? HSBC is still operating in the US, a bank that launders cartels money.

So well, I understand you want to end the problem, but... well, how do I put it... your problems are much more complex than that you know. The wall is at best a palliative measure. Besides, think about this: it's highly convenient for your country to have a strong Mexican neighbour, why? Because if Mexicans feel safe and happy in their country they won't seek to flee to the US to find a better life. So you see? Your problems are much more complex than you think. You should adress right now two of them: the astonishing amount of drug addicts and the greediness of your businessman and politicians. Oh, another recommendation: pay attention with what Trump does, specially when it comes to trading matters. He's doing it the wrong way. Remember: in these new times of geopolitics there is only two options; either the US, China and Russia rule the world... or there'll be trouble, serious trouble. Be critical.
Can this guy even hear himself talking? 

Everyone should be documented, but good luck finding them.
I swear people are only against the wall because of the way the left wing media has demonized it
These guys are a lot more open minded then the SJWs in the gender vid
Build the mind, change my wall
I can literally see Mexico from my backyard. I live in San Diego. There is a wall. A big one. And like two old ones as well. Lol. Do people in middle America not realize how big of a wall we have?
European descendants is what Im going to call them...surely not Americans at all, are all just upset because the Hispanics arent giving up as easy or being taken over with cowardice acts such as the ones toward the real natives of this land, there are very few actual Americans in this country compared to the immigrant population which is actually the majority of this country...
Thank you for educating my people, its really embarrassing how ignorant they are 
Build the wall but not with my tax money
Im a Hispanic man but more then that Im a patriot build the damn wall already I live in Texas and we need it desperately now please hurry Mr president my city San Antonio is a absolute shit hole now if you dont like it get out of my country that my both grandpas fought for and my uncle twice in nam... cut the shit and build the wall ASAP!
Might be the dumbest fucker youve ever talked to Steven
At 4:22:  "areas where we disagree compared to areas where we disagree." 



Smooth Steven 
Governor of New Mexico... good luck with that.
StevenCrowder how about the fact that the wall will impact wildlife in a very detrimental way. I'm against a physical wall but I'm for securing the border. We're in the age of uav's. That's much better than destroying or hindering the migration of our animals
I don't see much benefit from building a wall. The cost of building a wall and then enforcing patrols, the power required to run spotlights etc would be  a waste of US tax payers hard earned money. Regardless of this, the length of the border is large enough in itself, therefore it will obviously take time to build, something that could quite simply be suspended by a new party when they come into office, therefore wasting the tax payers money again. I also don't see how a wall prevents people from digging. It wouldn't surprise me if drug trafficking continued through underground networks and into the country. 
Obviously it is not much help pointing out the problems without a valid solution.
I propose building a line of motion sensors a few feet underground and guard posts spaced at reasonable distances apart from one another. A simple fence with barbed wire along the border, with the sensors underneath, would significantly reduce the cost and time to build, maintain and monitor the wall. If someone were to cut the fence, it would be cheap to fix, if someone then climbs through or underneath, the motion sensors would go off, alerting the guard posts to the location.
I seriously think this is a more logical and economical approach to reducing illegal immigration into the US.
People dont like the wall but those people are stupid because illegals are coming into America taking jobs and committing crimes why do people like this? Its keeping this country clean and better. Why do people dont like the wall ? Please reply tell me good reasons why the wall is bad.
This dude is missing his tin foil hat lol xray border lol
That second guy calling himself Spanish. No. Just no.
Oh my dear lord... this guy is absolutely clueless.  Build that wall now
Leroy needs to lay off the illegal drugs.
Dude, I don't know how you sit down and have serious conversations with some of these people? "Wants to be the governor of New Mexico"
Build the f**** wall
Yall here about the teenage girl killed by a mentally ill illegal
Why blur the face but not the name badge?
I was compelled to hit "like" as soon as I realized we were looking at the next governor of New Mexico.
X ray border 2020 hehehheheh
Leroy's idea was great and super progressive - it just lacked the solution for enforcement. If you built a physical wall you would have to ramp up boarder guards in order for it to function. Otherwise people gonna find ways around it or corrupt the few guards that are there. Leroy's idea also needs extra enforcement in form of new ways of reading citizen IDs by cops, we will all have to get tagged, which is a bleak sounding future, because then we basically wear our social media accounts on our sleves. But it's the only feasible option i've been hearing yet, if we don't just start punishing companies that employ illegal workers. As soon as an illegal immigrant - who didn't use the "scanner gate" or "X-Ray boarder" and thus does not possess an ID (or time-limited token!) will be treated like a visitor, and if they don't have a visa they land in jail (not long-term prison, because that would just prolong the problem, not fix it) and get deported if they don't have the funds to leave the country again themselves. Sounds very logical and easier to implement than an army of boarder guards that needs to be payed enough. If you underpay boarder guards you will get corruption and then illegal immigrants will have extra freedom because everybody thinks they're safe from them now. If you implement scanner gates you still have the chance of hackers helping illegal immigrants to get in of course, but those will be way fewer than with corrupt boarder guards. EDIT after thinking a bit about it: a digital ID will also cause legal citizens to go through the same procedure regularly to update their ID (or token) for it to stay authenticated, so there might be then a roughly same amount of costs and effort as an army of boarder guards.
Why does this guy and an A to the end of every word?
I think Adam makes some very good points: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0wk6rswxQro
Building a wall is for small brain people ? I mean if you gotta build a wall for immigrants then might as well build a fucking doom around the United states ! Lol because immigrants aren't just Mexicans ? There are immigrants from all around the world so this is really stupid bruh ... Lol and you are a canadian? So they should build a wall between Us and Canada lmao ... A physical wall is just retarded.
You won't talk about Sven Computer  - change my mind!
What are the stats about crime being higher by illegals? Because I can't find that anywhere on google and I be quoting Crowder to everyone! I need to back it up!
How you gonna tax an undocumented immigrant?
X ray border... so an Energy WALL... do you believe in a wall... NO... so much fail.
I would like to say that I am all for border control but a wall is not going to help at all, and would overall be damaging to the economy, and would not help decrease the number of illegal immigrants that enter the United States. Also, it would raise taxes and it would probably increase the poverty rate
X-ray wall sign me up go space force 
@stevencrowder I'd like to try to change you're about the border. I think I'll have a  better understanding or insight on building a wall, since I've worked on the border before.
Sharing this with you because I do find you to really want to have factual information.  Which is great to see in modern society.  However, I would suggest that you do check some of the facts you are sharing (especially in this video.  2 things you promote as pieces of your defense that are factually incorrect:
1
Here's a study done in Texas: https://www.cato.org/publications/immigration-research-policy-brief/criminal-immigrants-texas-illegal-immigrant
Across the board illegal immigrants caused less crimes than native persons.  On some of the statistics, much less.
Here's another study by Oxford's CCJ: http://criminology.oxfordre.com/view/10.1093/acrefore/9780190264079.001.0001/acrefore-9780190264079-e-93

In general, you need to think about the motivation of a person that is in this country illegally.  The last thing they want to do is draw attention to themselves as they know that will resort in deportation.

2
https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/630906211790102528?lang=en
https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/1009071403918864385?lang=en
https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1008696508697513985?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Etweetembed%7Ctwterm%5E1008696508697513985&ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.vox.com%2Fpolicy-and-politics%2F2018%2F6%2F18%2F17474600%2Ftrump-tweet-crime-germany
Sooo many times Trump has said that illegal immigrants cause crime...
Mexicans are the only real legal people in the west ...all of you are the real illegals,but build your wall if it makes you feel safer from the cartels or whatever and shut the fuck up..
Lmao that guy is so illiterate
Un-debatable Fact: the Americas, two continents which include North and South America (comprised of Canada, USA, Mexico, Colombia), have been inhabited and migrated by Indigenous peoples (like the Mexican people youre trying to keep out) for over 10,000 YEARS, you f-ing inbreed idiots! 

So where do you want us to go? 

YOU HAVE STOLEN NATIVE LAND; destroyed it to build malls, factories, and industrial size farms; and now you want to build a fucking WALL! The NERVE of some of you. 

Have you even considered the problems a wall would create for the wildlife that travel across the border? Of course not--you're too busy shooting anything that moves for "sport", you MONSTERS! 

Why dont YOU go back to the hell you came from! Because let me remind you that Europeans (Euro is a big clue here) are NOT native to the AMERICAN continent.
The first guy literally explained what the wall would help do and then said that he doesnt want the wall
Mexican friend said build the wall. Why you my ask? He said (US)America can starve itself to death, it's not his problem :D
The wall is bull man, i live in mission tx where this issue goes on in my back yard (literaly). And the only thing that might solve illegal imigration is to stop corruption with the border patrol agents, we literally have high ranking agents making deals with the "master crosser" (the person that is in charge of getting a group of people across the border) so they have a safe passege. So yea you can build a wall, but money talks.
Hahahaahahaha, that guy is not Spanish.  Spanish, my ass.
Where does the illegal immigrants being 3.5 percent of the population but commit 37 percent of homicides figure come from?
i like that mexican guys idea, lets just give all people in this world a tag, and let the cattle roam free, we could do eartags, or like a chip really close to our spine so when we remove it we will die....easy right ?  "we need-ah a tag-ah.... i-ah  already  prophesized-ah !! believe in meeee-ah  !!"


hahahhaha
This dude is on dope
The Spanish dude was high as fuck 
Build the fucking wall. You wont stop us. You bitches
I would need to have a few MASTERMIND individuals
Saying change my mind after stating your premise is ultimately a fallacy, you must give reason before asking someone else to change your view. Also, it isn't necessarily a fair debate considering you have the ability to prepare your arguments prior. Your not at all open to your mind being changed because you are so stuck in your own ways.
Wow the second guy from New Mexico is another one of those ding-bat dip-shits who knows not the garbage coming out of his mouth. " Hey homes! Let's get Superman to fix the border. Or let's cast a spell and magically fix it all with no consequences for anyone. Because it's the white mans problem not us New Mexicans." He probably is a " NEW" Mexican.
I really liked the end of the vid when the lib chickens starting squalking i thought steve throw wome feed on the ground and run
I dont believe in the wall because statistics show that illegal immigration is at a 15 year low and the ones who do illegally immigrate either come from overseas or overstay their visas. A wall wont do anything and we have more important things to focus on.
I think that we should build a wall, but a mental wall. We can instill fear into them. We can always offer temporary work visas that we can charge and tax them so we can make money of them and if they want to stay we have to run a background check on them every year and see if they are actually working. If approved then they can renew their work visa so itll be more like a membership that keeps them here . And if they end up not paying then we can send them back. Itll be very easy to locate because well have an updated portfolio on almost every aspect of what they are doing here such as addresses, jobs and clubs that they have joined. Also we can implement a bunch of different laws for them that are just a little more strict than citizen laws. After 15 of paying and doing everything right and causing no problems, then they are granted free Residency then after 20 they are granted citizenship.
Why dont we build a wall? Because A. That would be a waste of money funding a project would take alot of money out of the taxpayers pocket. B. It wouldn't actually stop illegal immigration because most people just overstay their Visa. C. The legal immigration process is actually horrific. There are judges that take on thousands of cases a day and the process can take many years. D. People escape for safety reasons. E. If you're worried about an immigrant taking your job then you probably have more important things to worry about. Dont build the wall, change MY mind.
Building a wall would have many repercussions that many conservatives whove never even been to the border dont understand. Border towns rely on Mexicans coming over the border and shopping at local businesses. 90% of the income of downtown El Paso is from people coming over the border. Every time Mexico or its people are antagonized by the president on twitter the peso devalues and the people are discouraged to shops in these border towns. A border wall with one of our closest trade partner would have the same effect. Building a wall is infeasible and would have more negative effects than positive.
I think I had the same look as Stephen at the end!! Are you kidding me?!?!
I want this wall to be built already.  I want to see if it's really going to stop all these murders lol
TRAPS ARE GAY, change my mind
Everyone with an electronic id so that the government can track you, and control commerce...hmmmm...
You mean like the Mark of the Beast?
Revelation 13:18
The second guy lives in 3018 while we live in 2018
Build the wall and let me work medical for it lol
1. Mexico is not paying for the wall
2. It will cost tax payers a minimum of $21.6 billion
3. Mexican immigrants will build mile long tunnels under the wall, similar to how they broke El Chapo out of prison all those times. 

So in other words, an unsightly wall will coast tax dollars billions of dollars and illegal immigrants will still be able to get into the country.

bonus: A lot of small companies such as pizza shops, bakeries, and restaurants will be crippled and forced to go out of business. There are a lot of mom and pop stores who rely on cheap labor from immigrants. Mean while, larger businesses rely on prison labor. So in order for the consumer demand to be met, big companies will have to take the place of these businesses and we would need more prisoners to do those jobs
Some of the people that sit down make me cringe
const MY_MIND = false;
//change my mind
He just argued for building an invisible wall.
"I plan to be the governor of New Mexico"... no chance bro. You can't even speak properly... "scientifical" lol what a loser!
If you are concerned for this womans wellbeing, dont just blur her face, blur her ID badge too.
You know the other sides arguement is quality when they drive by yelling "Fuck you"
It's an Xray Border!!
I dont support that Nazi wall. 99% come here for a better life. USA has the right to accept anyone that wants a better life. The majority immigrants are hard working and non violent
It surprised me to hear the claim that 37% of murders were committed by illegal immigrants. I was unable to find this statistic after a bit of Googling. Could anyone provide me with the citation for this? Thanks!
If all the risks that illegal immigrants face while getting to the border dont prevent them from going there I truly dont think a wall will stop them. Like, they rather die than stay were they are (cause theyre likely to die there too...but at least try to get a better life)
Tunnels, boats, rope ladders, airplanes, environmental barrier for migrating wildlife, blimps, choppers, graffiti, destruction, cost, racial statement(no Canadian wall?)
i mean I totally disagree we should build a wall and I seriously dislike trump, but I have to say, those trump protesters were really dumb
Who came up with these statistics
Has his mind ever been change? If so tell me the video please!
This dude is just an anarchist, he doesn't know how to explain a world without government. The problem with a utopia is there is no need for power the one's in power won't relinquish that relic now that true peace is easily obtained. No average citizen, of any country, would wish for war unless in retaliation. As long as we let the figure heads fight for power we will never unite as one
Put the wall up and make Mexico pay for it. Fuck it this is the US. I served my country
How do laws exist if borders don't? How does taxation work?
Berlin Wall.
Your welcome
Make a racism wall
There is no way your family has been in the us since the 1550s without interbreeding with other ethnicities. He is definetely not spanish
He said his family was in New Mexico since like the 1550's!!! America was founded in the 1700's...cracked me up
Wall is useless since most immigrants come into the country with tourist visa and via plane, but just never returns to the country they came from
dafuq was that guy on???
Nice Walther T.
Hey why dont you do white privilege, you do the easiest arguments when you prepare a lot of thesis but you cant do white privilege lmfao nice
my big concerns is if you can get in without any one noticing you can kidnap someone and   take them out. plus's as long as there are  country's that want to destroy America why would you leave the door wide open?
"Scientifical"
You talking to a bunch of potatoes is not the best content. You shouldve held on to this one man
Build a wall Jesus Christ
I don't doubt that the US has issues with illegal immigrants, and something needs to be done to combat this. but the obstacle I see blatantly staring this topic in the face would be the financial cost of building said wall and the security of it. not sure how much it would cost to build it, and if an estimate has been given please let me know. but would it not make more sense to just tighten up the security and add more guards and staff along the border with more patrol cars and stations alone the boarder. to me it does because a wall can't point or shoot a gun! thoughts???
That spanish guy is just a apologist! Haha "What about the guys selling the drugs"
I worked with many Mexicans and illegals for the last 10 years. They NEVER pay taxes. They always seem to find a way to dodge taxes but are Quick to get government assistance. But this is just my experience.
We shouldn't have a border wall... we should have a X-ray scanner border, every city should have spy cameras,  everyone should have an electronic ID, and everyone regardless of nationality should pay taxes to America.... but a border wall is a ridiculous idea...

I died laughing when he said he wanted to become governor of New Mexico.
Are there any episodes in the change my mind series that get a decent conversation going?
Dide in the white shirt lmfaoooooo just wow! He is just regurgitating bullshit from fake news
That lady was so sweet
Anyone who lives in the US pays taxes. They need to buy things like toilet paper, buy gas for their cars, rent a place to live, all those things produce taxes. If you are working class you never end up paying income tax anyway. The only thing we lose on is Social Security, so why not get a better system for work permits. We need more people in the US to support the social security system. Most immigrants come here to work, let's help them do it legally.
that guy whos talking about taxing them is a fuckin retard, where was he from again new mexico? maybe they should build the wall with new mexico on the mexico side. like hes ever even paid taxes come on bro get the fuck outta here puto
Though the wall is a pretty extreme suggestion it is important to make sure that immigrants come in legally and not to go through the borders
"Build an X Ray gate through where they can come in"

How do you fix a gate without a wall?
Instead of building a walls make it easier to come into the country legally instead of making it so lengthy and costly make it easier people have jobs and people to take care off and it takes years and years to finish it time and money is a huge deal and if they're is multiple people in the family imagine how long it will take for them all to get in and then still start over in a new country where they know and have nothing
"I'm Spanish I'm from New Mexico" lol
I'm all for stopping illegal immigration but, the whole wall thing is very stupid.
a) It's super expensive
b) Grow up, Mexico is not going to pay for it
c) People can bypass walls with advanced tech like "stairs", "ropes" and "tunnels". And
d) Most illegal immigrants arrive by plain.
By the time the wall is done, Mexicans will have invented teleportation
I dont like Crowder, but leroy here has no idea wtf he is talking about. This guy is a moron, he is disabled I think.
X-Ray wall... genius!
The second guy is a complete joke
Htf do you have a % on illegals when ou have no clue how many ppl are illegal lol
really 100% of illegal immigrants commit crimes because it was a crime to come to america illegally
Great video as always, I would have asked that guy- um no wall huh ? well do you lock your doors at night before you go to bed? and why ?
holy shit, that guy in the white shirt filming his "show"....  cringe to the max
Mexican Alex Jones
is this just words would you EVER change your mind on your outdated and erroneous information I bet a mouths wages you wouldn't change your mind but deny any information that contradicts your information. I'm so amazed at conservatives that think they are being noble "We're having a conversation here" no you are just trying to shut the other guy up. just like you accuse the other side doing to you.
I think that the first woman meant free-travel between countries like in the EU
your stats are not correct. you use your stats, which are slanted towards your view. From the FBI says your stats are bogus building a fucking wall reminds me of the eastern block nations the wall was meant to keep the people in. I say let's deport all canadians back to their fucking nation. Including your ass
"Protect those borders" is right-wing for "I have no clue how borders work." BTDT.
The only way to stop them with a wall is if we build it around Canada and both oceans and Mexico
Don't want a wall? Great, I expect these illegals to move into your house.  Why have a lock on your door?. Why not just let anyone into your house?
dude does have a point , let everyone already here become citezens so you can tax them but then strict the immigration laws throughout
Illegal immigrants don't pay taxes, because they cannot get a legal job without being a legal citizen.
"Thous.. Millions... Trillions of dollars"
Thousands to trillions
You should do a part 2 for this. I dont think we should build a wall,  but I know you can convince me otherwise. I actually want to be convinced so that I can understand.
The wall is a bad idea not because illegals should come here. Its because there are better ways to prevent this that wont cost billions... of dollar. Imagine passing a law that will make mandatory jail time for highering someone who cant provide legal documents. That would be free. That would remove the desire to come to America. We dont want to do that because we benefit from their cheap labor.
Liberals just want to combine  Mexico and the United states
OMG...This people is what America has become...and he wants to be the Governor of New Mexico. Note to self never move to New Mexico.
Why not just increase surveillance at the border? you dont need a wall that can be jumped over if you just put sensors and stuff. Am I completely wrong here?
Giant free flowing X-ray border gates with ID scanners. 

:|

People really are willing to go to any lengths to disagree with Trump.
There are a bunch of tunnels, too maybe flood these tunnels with sewer
A X-ray border?? Its called a fucking wall lol
I actually didnt have much of a stance on this matter before watching the video
Tell Mexico get your sheet together or we will steam roll you and build a smaller wall at Panama.
X Ray way ? Virtual check points  and digital tags ? What is guy trying to say it makes no sense
Fuck this shit, it's a flat out scam it's called "Change my mind'" and all he does is stating his opinion, he has never granted a single word against his opinion and you can literally measure the time both parts speak in every video and he always uses more time than the other part yet he always whines saying "you're not letting me speak"
These videos just make me want some damn good clam chowder
I'm not Mexican  I'm a POS
Come legally or don't come at all.......better yet just don't come , you aren't wanted stay in your own country
Please provide a source for the claim that the undocumented population commit 37 percent of murders.  That doesn't seem remotely credible.
Ladies and gentlemen the future governor of Mexico right there lololol just build the wall and keep america safe
Running for governor?!  This guys ideas are syfy thoughts of an 8 year old
In the future were going to travel FASTER- lol lol That guy with the bookbag cracks me up...
"Build a wall with your ass! "
They second guy is an idiot
Dont know if hes joking Why build the wall? Thats a lot of money to build and maintain it and we dont exactly have a lot of money to spend. People wanna build this yet there is lots of college debt and no free healthcare. Id rather have free education or HC than a stupid wall
Check Jose for his green card.  Or whatever his name is.  He makes my head and ears hurt.
Don't need to waste USA money.  People would volunteer to guard USA border.  Just give people the RIGHT TO SHOOT ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS ON United State Soil.
If Mexican's know people will shoot at them on USA soil.  They would think twice before running in the dark.  It's like when you see signs saying camera is in use.  People think twice before stealing, because they see camera's.
All mexicans eat garbage and corona is piss water-

~Change my mind~
We will have to import half of Mexico to get enough "illegals" to build a damn wall and bring it in under budget!!! Sooooo 3 strands of barb wire followed by a hundred yards of landmines should do the trick.
X-ray man seems pretty confused
You're doing the lord's work... some of these people hurt my brain
This Mexican calling himself a Spaniard 
The guy insists he's Spanish, NOT Mexican, that his family has "been in New Mexico since the 1550's, around there."  Bullshit. Everything about that just SCREAMS bullshit. I'm sorry, this guy is not a U.S. citizen, there is absolutely NO WAY. I have to wonder why Crowder didn't call him out on that. And he wants to be the Governor of New Mexico, but says New Mexico is a "sanctuary city." He's not only a liar, he's a delusional idiot with no grasp of the English language to boot.
See I'm slightly neutral on this. But mainly out of the fact that I don't really care about it too much. I believe immigrants should adapt to the country's culture and values and CONTRIBUTE. A wall may keep some illegal immigrants out, but it may not be cost effective and yes, a little silly. However, it would work and it would make a lot of jobs for a while too I guess! I just don't think a wall is the best answer when their already existing immigration policies need to either be A) more strict or B) more in line with what americans would actually value for bringing in citizens. Because yes, it is a burden to make room for more people, and they HAVE to pull their weight! I'm a very frustrated Canadian with Justin Trudeau's (basically) open boarders and I can empathize with people who are also frustrated with the US immigration situation.
I believe Leroy had some good points, but a physical wall should be built in my personal opinion. An X-ray wall would pollute every near by city or town with gamma* radiation. (And I the price to build an X-ray wall would be astronomical)
This guy is talking about marking people wtf o-0
You keep that bionic shit to yourself lmao
2:35 what's a Mexican American immigrant?   Lol.....you lose.
The scary part is that the wall may be used to keep us from fleeing into Mexico when they try to take our guns.Think about it.
If the Government is trying to disarm us then a wall isnt a good thing. Its actually a very bad sign that Big Brother is infringing our rights and also trying to put up a wall. Just like Berlin 1961.
Crowder, you should cover the Bible ban thats happening in California.
Crowder, you should cover the Bible ban thats happening in California.
It was hilarious hearing that last guy just talk himself downwards into that insane x ray plan. WTF?
9:50 
- All immigrants coming into the US need to be checked and put into the system, and they should pay taxes.
- How do you do this without any kind of border control?
- I don't know

Haha, wow.
To become a citizen they have to pay no less than $800 dollars. Make them a citizen hahahahahaha. Okay.
That guy is such an ignorant moron.
https://www.politifact.com/florida/statements/2017/aug/30/matt-gaetz/gaetz-misleads-claim-about-immigrants-crime/
http://www.foxnews.com/opinion/2017/07/12/illegal-immigrant-crime-wave-evidence-is-hard-to-find.html
https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2018/03/30/upshot/crime-immigration-myth.html

Steven, you were blowing smoke up that young man's behind. 1st, Trump did say that majority of illegal immigrants from Mexico were criminals, and that should be our primary reasoning for building the way. 2) there's no way to record an accurate number for crime statistics for illegal immigrants 3) there's no evidence that illegal immigrants have committed 36% of murders, even according to the FBI website. 

BTW I'm an independent, so I like to research facts, not biased, partisan bull. You should try it and get your feelings about your supposed socialist upbringing off your shoulders. Really consider the financial burden building a $20 billion wall would be on our economy, especially with our national debt being so high. Also, consider that most illegal immigrants over stay their visas. So how does building a wall fix that? Not to mention that Trump basically lied to the country by over-promising and saying Mexico would build the wall when it's clear they won't.
We will have to border up the whole country then. North and South side of the country. Immigrants are coming from Canada, which we are now supposedly realizing. 
Same as Americans, there are Mexicans individuals pay their taxes every year knowing they will not get a tax return. Also, don't leave off that there are Americans would don't pay taxes and are back up. 
There are children who were brought illegally and are doing everything to do right their parents wrong by applying for their citizenship, but the process and government deny them.
There are borders already in place. Why are arguing as if there are not forces already in place. I don't think we should spend our money building it higher when we will fly North to your home Canada and come down illegally. We will find a way. If we are willing to find any option to live in a great country and suffer the journey and dangers. Why will America not be more open and support the administration that does the countless paperwork, interviews, and filing countless applications. The process is expensive and lawyers exploited people by hiking up prices just to submit a form. 
There are other options other than The Wall.  
Please let your mind be changed and review the back bone of the system.
I am so embarrassed hearing how ignorant and uneducated our Latin American culture is, the ideas and thoughts I've heard are so irrelevant and nonsensical. Really makes me sad.
Jesus Christ, universities certainly have succeeded in churning out lock-step mindless simpletons. Glad I earned by Bachelors and JD through independent study
I don't oppose the wall. The issue I have is the lack of solution or more effective ways to accommodate those who actually seeks asylum or have established themselves already as hardworking members of society. I also have issue with the bigotry and grouping of people into stereotypes just because we can. The only time I would ever support building the wall is if there's a proper plan moving forward, and I don't think this administration is capable of planning the future. It's been all about wanting results now without regards to the ramifications of tomorrow.
Shame on Texas
Mass graves with remains of migrants uncovered in Texas

Despite a dramatic rise in the number of unaccompanied children trying to cross the Rio Grande river into Texas, the overall number of US border patrol apprehensions  one indicator of the flow of illegal immigration  is vastly down compared with the figures from a decade ago.

But the number of migrants found dead on ranches north of the Texas border appears to have risen in recent years. Last year 87 bodies were discovered, and 129 in 2012. Many are still unidentified.

The Guardian
Bruh, I wish I have spoken to you about this topic, or any topic we disagree, ma man, I would enjoy a heated conversation with him.
I don't get why people want to go to the US TBH...
But, hey, it's that very false American dream, which to me is a total fallacy.

Again, I repeat, build your wall with YOUR money. 
united states needs to make a go fund me page to pay for the wall
The guy from New Mexico has no idea what hes talking about lmao
Lets put a dome on top of US. Dont let illegals fly in either.
X-ray border putting Chips in people that guy is crazy as hell
bro that dude was trippin
How do you know where hes gonna do this public events? I want to discuss this topic civilized with someone
Here is a video stating all the reasons why a wall won't do anything
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0wk6rswxQro
I'd like to go on my own island and have several cities all that strive around big subjects, for example a Science City, stuff like math-construction-atsronomy-physics-etc. Cities with subsections of schools/districts of the big subjects. Would be such a cool place, each city trading knowledge with each other, a state/small country of intelligent helpful people.
In 5-10 years we will have teleportation. Change My Mind
Why you shouldnt build a wall.... Because it wont stop anything. Statically more illegals enter through boats and airplanes then crossing the border on foot. It will literally solve nothing and it would just be a reason to raise taxes costing millions to maintain for years after the initial start of it being built. Second point is theres actually allready walls built in alot of places with problems of illegals... Guess what they do.... They climb over or under it anyways.... The problem that needs to be solved is our immgration services. More american citzens get deported then actual illegals(research it) third point. The main reason we have so many illegals that stay here and abuse the systems. If because they cant freely go back and forth because its to hard to get here. If it werent for that they would go home when there done working
WTF did I just listen to? Just WTF... Lets have spectre gunships flying over the border with Infrared...
Ok that guy is clearly on coke!
drugze
All a wall would do is create massive Mexican ladder business
love it,  we need to tax them or better yet set up hamster wheels or conveyor belts so as they come in they will generate electricity or something.  For those who are going to be kicked back out maybe we can get them to build the wall.  Joking aside I know it's serious for some and a dangerous life they are trying to leave.
I don't know
I don't know
I don't know
Just make it somehow
I don't know

sigh
i wonder who those few master mind individuals would be that he was talking about because i certainly wouldnt want him sitting at that table lol
that Mexican guy is a fucking moron lol
at 10:39 my boy not rely how science works
WTF ?
The last 3 seconds were amazing 
This interview made me laugh and cry at the same time.
Electronic tags for immigrants. I'm sure he thinks he's a liberal and not a fascist.
Never mind the wall. We need a moat filled with sharks with fricking laser beams on their heads.
Is she retarded?
That Spanish dude is one brain dead pile of shit!! And as for Governor ?? If that is the future of our country.... we are in deep shit!  What a fuck up
Is the Wall economically feasible and will it work?
The problem with this whole thing is that people that are pro - building the wall think that Trump's main aim here is to decrease the amount of illegals crossing the border into the states. its not. He just wants to leave behind a big wall with his name on it, which is fine i suppose. He wants to leave behind a legacy. Like his dad. But realistically its more of an ego thing than anything else. And he will do it using other peoples money (the american tax payer)
Its all he knows. Unfortunately a lot of his supporters have bought into the idea without actually thinking about it rationally. The r.o.i on this wall will be distinctly mediocre. It will stop a few. But nowhere near solve the problem..
Just wondering, has anyone ever changed your mind? And why?
Pineapple dont go on pizza. Change my mind
Hahaha you got 2 drunk people to discuss with you. Man this one is a lame argument.
I like how are you promotes the idea of having chips in people per se which is what a lot of people are saying to fight against and then he never did get to the point of if there is no border how can you make them walk through a checkpoint.
That guy's a frikken idiot.
X-ray wall 
What in the fuck is the second guy talking about. 
10:30 Hahah, holy shit was this man stupid.
I cant travel anywhere illegaly  why should other people of any color
sorry i can't watch this. this guy is all over the place
I would like to be a participant in this discussion as a sit down guest. Can I please have some information as to how to register? Thanks in advance
Building a wall to keep out illegal immigrants to a country built and made by illegal immigrants is hypocritical America is stolen land Texas and many other states use to be Mexico
Its sad how this man just really misrepresented the views of those against the wall... its a unique view for sure but not really thought out at all. Its obvious hes someone who think hes gonna do big things with a half thought out plan. I really hope he does this topic again and gets an intelligent conversation with maybe an illegal immigrant turned citizen because I think a lot of people overlook a large part of the story such as what led people to make a really very dangerous deadly journey across the border. Also the difficult of getting into the country legally. I think ultimately if we want to end the magnitude at which immigration is at we have to improve the situation these people deal with in their home country because if you take away the motive I think that illegal immigration would really see a drop. As for the crime immigrants commit I think thats where we really need to focus our efforts in. I feel like instead of stopping immigration full force weeding out the bad ones would be more beneficial and effective though I dont know exactly what that would look like.


Also just realized Im probably not against some type of border just not that full blown concrete walls because Americas rich but not that rich.
Uneducated, misinformed, emotionally charged. That is political description of most people who argue on the left and the right. Stop using Facebook for your news, stop buying into the 2 sided bullshit, stop being so lazy and go do some research. Misinformation and the apathy to do research is 90% of this countries issue.
Do you personally believe in all these statements youre making??
I am actually against the Wall. And Id love to just sit down and chat about this topic
Illegal immigration is a problem, yes, but to build a wall is a bit a reach. I am ALL for more military and people to keep people who shouldnt be here. Meaning drug dealers, gun dealers, and drug trafficking. Its perfectly fine to make a newer, better way of tracking who is coming into the country
These People That Are Strongly Against The Wall Have Come To A Very Emotionally Attached Perspective That They Have Come To Fabricate From Being Exposed To Horror Stories Of Racist People In Power; Them Thinking That It Affects Them; (The Deportation Police). 
That dude is on drugs
Build the wall if youd like. I find it incredibly pointless, considering a lot of immigrants just come and overstay their visas anyway. Also, north and South Korea have the most secure border in the world and well...people still get through. My problem isnt building the wall, its finding reasoning in it. Why waste so much money on a project with very little impact on what you are trying to accomplish? It seems more like a visual representation of what we are trying to do, more or so for the people and not for the cause or problem they are fighting to resolve.
Man says he's  Spanish yet this nigga got a Mexican/Hispanic  accent 
That Jim look from the office at the end.
I do not support illegal immigrants but dont u think building the wall would cost USA alot? I mean we aren't talking about millions or billions but maybe upto hundred billions for a full length physical border frm coast to coast. A better or more economical solution can be researched n implemented. Also talking about drugs. Why only the suppliers are blamed for it? Why instead of blaming the source, we correct ourselves n the ban from people taking it.
The wall is to keep American tax slaves in as well. As of 2018 if you owe more than $51,000 to the extortionist called the IRS you can't get a US passport.
What about the mass shootings? Europeans are the real minority. English comes from Latin..
The guy from new mexico said he would need a couple of masterminds to solve the problem. What the hell man?! Masterminds?! Is this Nintendo?
My argument against of building a wall it separates 2 nations and ruins the relationship with that country. your going to have these young Mexican children see and hear about this wall and grow up to hate your country
00:49 this is why liberals embarrass me
Build a huge wall made of Glass so we can see their faces when they arrive to hop over the fence
you call youself mexican but your family has been in newMexico from the 1550? I dont understand
The reason why people migrate is because they are scared to fight for a better life in their country so would rather live in another country that suit their needs which is fine with me but you cant let an ENTIRE population invade another country and expect peace....
Build an X-ray wall
-The governor of New Mexico
People are not coming to USA walking since 2005 or 2006 because of the cartels and violence in the north of Mexico, build a wall wont help... Mexican illegals have between 3 and 6 kids (sometimes more) because they love the IRS credits, while Americans prefers dogs and cats... thats the reason you believe Mexicans still crossing the border... its happening inside... there are more Mexicans in California... next in 2021 Texas... and growing. Stop IRS credits instead of that stupid wall.
Mexico isnt sending their best, they are sending rapist murderers and drugs blah blah blah

-Trump didnt say the majority of them are criminals.

Lol
What surprised me the most was your staged bullshit in the beginning, actually it didnt lol
I want to argue but i cant bc of my age but i want to share my opinion aswell which is "im against the wall". The main reason for that its bc from what i know and what ive seen, is that most immigrants are people who want a better opportunity for their family specially their kids. There is also "dreamers" ppl who arnt citizens but work hard at school and want to have a successful life. But what Trump is doing is closing their doors he's limiting their apportunities and thats where all the anger and disagreement comes from. And since he still making laws why not make a fair one such as if you are an immigrant but you have not commited a crime u can become a citizen. Now it doesnt necessarily have to be becoming a citizen but atleast something that will open doors for them. Something that gives them opportunities. Anyways those were my thoughts those were my opinions thanks if u agree or read it.
People are a resource - Negan TWD
Honestly as a son of an immigrant whos got his legal status as a resident in the u.s I feel like a wall isnt our first priority but would be a slight improvement the system needs to improve so it can be fair for both sides a secure border and making citizenship easier to be acquired.
Racist assholes
Does he ever put out any link to any of the research he claims to be true while putting out a Statistical evidence
Why does he always picks topics Trumps advocates for?
Leroy is down with the chip
There are already X-rays  at the border, k9 sniffing dogs , they already have people asking why you are coming into the country , there are already card readers (RFID) in your passport or global entry  cards, there are secondary revision practices, there are CBP checkpoints after you enter the USA.

License plate readers are active , youre entire profile of you are is pulled up when you cross.

There already exists a method of paying taxes , its called obtaining an ITIN (a number used by the IRS that is given to people who do not qualify for social security numbers).

Im tired of all this damn ignorance. The government also gives out visas to come into the United States.   

The problem is there is a culture of defiance and disrespect for the government  in the countries south of the border. They really DONT care to understand how laws are applied and what they mean .
I like you and your opinions but this is one that I dont agree with
I was binge watching these "change my mind" episodes all day today. After a few my bullshit detector went off. This is obviously a guy who's really skilled at debate trying to push a republican agenda. The story is just too republican to be true. "I'm from Canada and I came to America for a better life". Get the fuck out of here with that garbage. Canada has its problems, but no Canadian is going to claim America is better. Also, just about everyone he interviews is a complete and total moron. He doesn't show debates against people who have half a brain (And I'm sure some have sat down with him). To make it even more stupid, when people agree with them, he uses his debate skills to make them look great. This is a not so subtle ploy to get idiots to vote red. I've been a republican leaning moderate my whole life and I'm watching the republican party pander to idiots more and more. This kind of crap is what I'm talking about.
Damn his face at the end xD
I feel so bad for Steven in these because people are so unintelligible and have close to zero argumentative skills. Their logic is usually pretty F U C K E D.
Grabbin popcorn for this one
I disagree with questionable statistics Steven used in this video and I think they're irrelevant  anyways.  I think we should stop trying to come up with explanations as to why to build the Wall and just put it in place on both ends of the States using the same reasoning as all countries in the world : to mark the territory and to control who goes in and out. At their current state the mexican border is laughable and the canadian is practically nonexistent.
Dude wants a big brother. The government knows where they are at all times 
latin dudes coked tf out xD
Most  illegal immigrants come by plane. Mexico is laughing bro
Hungary build a wall because of illegal immigrants. I am not racist, or the people that live in this country( i have black people in my family and friends from other races).People judged us and still do but i am okay with it.We build that wall because we wanted to protect our country.If you wants to come to my country legally there is no problem with it, because we know who are you, and that you not harmful.But if you come here   with out your papers and we don't know who are you, that could be harmful. And if you don't have your papers then register your self. To get citizenship is very hard and lot money, i get it.You want's to live in peace and have a job that pays well. All we ask that do it Legally!
I am praying every night for those people who lost their home, or lives in bad conditions.
And please excuse my English knowledge i am still learning.
The biggest problem that I see with a border wall is; what happens when Trump leaves the office? The billions or trillions of dollars that will be spent on this wall could easily be ripped down by the next president, thus further putting the USA further into debt.
Today i learned that liberal bastards don't have fences around their yards and no doors on their homes.  You can actually go in and use their swimming pool. Their casa es su casa!
Most people that are illegal immigrants are those got here by plane and they overstayed their visas. I dont think the wall is going to do anything productive.
The guy in the white shirt is retarded.
I wonder if the native Americans built a wall during their time how would this land be!
Protect the boarders is really important and makes sense but with an actual physical wall? Why? There are other strategies, for sure. I agree that illegal immigrants must be deported but also agree that the legally ones help with the country growth and development.
The last guy is sadly misinformed. Yah sure, put MS13 on the honor system and theyll consent to some fictitious tagging system. Also they will enter the country through designated entry points at the former border that is past its relevance in the new age. This form of reasoning is what scares me about leftists. Not only are they a danger to themselves, their ideas are a danger to the rest of the United States citizens.
That guy didn't look like Spanish. Spanish are white but he looked Mexican.
I may have a different perspective on this issue as I was once heavily anti illegal immigrants until I fell in love with a Mexican woman (Legal but some of her family member are not). Now, I do understand the deportation of criminal illegals, thats simple. Dont come here illegally and do illegal things or you get the boot. But for those that are actively working and contributing to the countries GDP, I think they should be given an outlet to where obtaining a citizenship could be easier. 

In college I had a my foreign policy professor hand out standard United States citizenship test booklets and though many of the questions in there are easy for any truly patriotic person, I definitely believe there are questions within that booklet that most Americans would struggle with. I say do a survey large enough to determine what the average American knows and get those questions off of the test. Im aware there are other factors regarding getting a citizenship but I think making the test more realistic is a step in the right direction.
This guy is the biggest walking contradiction i have ever seen.
The face of what the fuck just happened when he left 
That Spanish guy is fucking retarded 
I don't agree with the 37% statistic, please cite
I agree lets secure both borders north and south. Merica! Crowder youre Canadian, why should you weigh in on what is best for us Americans
Building a wall is a horrible idea and a waste of money. There are plenty of other solutions that work better and cost less
A country that was founded by unwelcome immigrants now wants very strict immigration laws lol.
  Walls were built in the past. China springs to mind, it was quite great apparently lol.
   Reagan famously once said and I quote "Tear down this wall" and Trump wants one built lmfao... 
  The irony is almost hilarious.
Some nations are ruled by dictators, the U.S is just ruled by a dick lol
Being illegal means their job prospects are slim. Between starvation and crime, most people will choose crime.
get that second guy a scholarship to Harvard! A man clearly way ahead of his time
Family has been in new mexico since 1550s? Wtf... 5:04
Ten Feet Higher
She says 3 words then says "I'm talking to much (like she's dropping knowledge) hahahahabahahaha
That Mexican is a real dumbass.
He's not wrong 
I doubt that a wall gonna stop no onebut idk
Get this smart X-ray guy deported
Cause you're waisting your money on something that won't stop us 
Next one: is water wet? Change my mind.
#2 just wow that's gotta be ethically way worse then a wall
I agree they should build a wall sky high but history shows theyll just tunnel under.
wow snitch
That guy was all about his own posting on YouTube!
Tag them like cattle? Is that what this nut thinks will work?  WOW!!!
Surprising how ignorant some of these people are!
That guy with the camera thought he was gonna school Steven...but it was painful to watch that train-wreck but like but like
-restricts vision of Border Patrol
-too much money
 -ladders and ropes
-ppl will find away around it

Steven made a horrible mistake
if most want to stay under the radar, then they aren't committing crimes
how stupid are these people ? it's like a home how would you secure it and defend it if you dont control who you want to get in ??
Liberals the grossest stupidest people on 
Earth
Here is a plan. Build that Wall. Deport the illegals with actually felonies(not the part of being a illegal immigrant). Give a type of citizenship that says that if you commit a crime you will get deported. Make these immigrants with that type of citizenship go through the process of becoming an actual citizen. I would also heavily guard the border. Look, yall might not want to know this if you are against the wall, but you know Mexico has a heavily guarded border with the other countries. They are hypocrites! So, dont give me that crap about being morally right because they do the same fucking thing that almost every smart country should do. HAVE A FUCKING BORDER SECURITY! ANYTHING WOULD HELP! LIKE DAMN! Even Obama said you had to something about the illegals originally. So did Hillary. Give me your thoughts and other ideas to fix this mess!
They want a better life, they want what americans have, they want free money, healthcare and the ability to vote. Heres the problem.  We owe illegals nothing. They have no right to demand anything.  It should be easier to become a citizen ,agreed. But a borderless country? A sanctuary city? No !!! Only positive change will occur by voting Republican.  Every city and or state run by democrats are shit. Look at California,  chicago, new york. I live in Chicago and its shit because of the sanctuary city bullshit.  Our mayor protects illegals and muslims above all others. Its a joke.
Pretty scary that dude thinks the solution is RFID... Yea let's just create the Minority Report real quick...
They have the right to do it but like it would cost so much and would just be a bit of a waste
He says to use a "X-Ray Gate". A gate is something you build between some sort of a wall. So when he said that, he basically said: Build the wall with a X-Ray Gate there.
That dude is a Mexican...change my mind
what was that guy smoking
I never realized people were this stupid!
We know the wall isnt going to happend but border control should get reinforced
They should just say it's expensive - that's the only argument I can think of right now. - though it's not actually even that expensive so it still doesn't work.
I'm against the wall it messes with animal migration. We need to send militias to beat the shit out of illegal immigrants breaking the law
Where is this ? I would love to sit down and try to change your mind. Not sarcastic just want to challenge the subject. I live in Santa Rosa, California. I would love if you came to the Santa Rosa Junior College campus!
Where is the murder stat from?
Trump says numerously and very clearly that Mexicans are drug lords and rapists, very racist.
Tf Steven stop u dont want your mind changed Ive watched to much of these u want to argue.
X-ray border..yea , that will work. If he is the future governor of New Mexico, God save us all.
Build the wall!
No matter what is your opinion about illegal immigration, the wall does not work. On the contrary: It hampers access for Mexicans looking for work, while criminals come to the country without much more difficulty.
This last guy should have just kept walking past the tent
Marvel is better than DC, change my mind
What would it cost to build this wall? What does it cost the US to house illegal immigrants? Would it make more sense to pay more money into border security rather than a wall? Could we lower drug crime and trafficing naturally by ending "war on drugs?" I'm not sure if a wall is great solution personally. Walls are a thing of the past that dont seem to work well. You gonna have to pay more for people to protect the wall and maintenance. More of a symbol of divide than anything. But if you ask most people, there should be something done.
I'm Mexican and I agree with the wall
So he wants everyone to have trackers
Illigal immigrants do pay taxes...
The wall can be 100ft tall and illegals will still cross the through that wall HOW???



Theyre crawl under the wall just like they have been for the last 30 years. Stupid gringos
The people interviewed had the mind of 12 year oldsSAD
What really concerns me is what if we at war on American soil or martial law and nobody can leave as fast cus there's walls on the boarders. It can keep people in jus as much keep people out
Build the wall and let Mexico keep the money they would have spent in the US so that the economy in Mexico improves over time.
Hi love your show but you need to put away the 3% US population (illegal immigrants) -> 30+% US homicides statistic.  It's wrong, like basic arithmetic wrong, as some basic googling can confirm and makes your other stats and figures highly suspect.  Your figure is based on a report the original author has since tried to correct but now its been repeated so much it's assumed to be fact.  Most importantly, the percentage was based on the sum of all homicides between 2005 - 2008, but was divided by only the homicides from 2008, naturally this inflates the statistic tremendously.

more info:  https://www.centerforsecuritypolicy.org/2015/12/04/problems-with-gao-illegal-alien-crime-stats/
The people who drive by and scream don't even read the sign smh
boy has never been at the border
I say no wall specifically because it looks bad when a country has walls.. just increase security, more checkpoints. Multiple checkpoints. Overhead watch. I'll gladly sign up, you give me $10 an hour and I'll ride the border all night and day.
Im not Mexican im spanish hahaha Spanish people dont look like you buddy sorry but you look Central American
uhhhh.... Wow.  I don't want to be mean, because that's not the spirit of these dialogues.  But, Jesus titty fucking christ!  That was hard to watch.  He definitely has a mind for being involved in government.  And that's not meant to be a compliment.  Nah, sure x-ray borders.  Could totally work.  Not that we'll need them in 5-10 years when the world has 0 borders.  Looking forward to it.  Israel and Palestine, get your shit together quick.
We dont have borders...between Maine, Florida, Washington and California. Huge. No place is like this. But! We have to border the states to enforce our own lack of borders.
Love the shirt!
x-ray scanner LMFAO sounds like a space border LOL
literally had the same expression on my face at the end of the video
That guy realizes that an X-ray wall would cause literal cancer and would be more expensive to build/ maintain right?
That second guy sounds like hes describing idiocracy
Leroy kind of won that one. Lets build that X-ray!
Tagging people with electronic ID sounds far worse and Orwellian than a fucking wall.
What's the point in building a wall when the people watching the border are taking bribes?
You want to stop illegal immigration? Help make Mexico become a more ideal place to live. Kids with good homes don't run away. Citizens of countries with thriving economies don't illegally cross borders.
The wall will likely make any immigration problem worse, illegal or otherwise. To my knowledge, the mexican immigrants come over to the U.S. to provide for their families. If, and let's be real here, when they find a way to get around the wall, they likely will still attempt to provide for their families, but the wall would completely discourage any attempt to get back to mexico.
I'm not paying for a fucking wall...
build the wall! sorry! come through the right way or dont come!
The Spanish dude cant be serious   X-ray gate that reads your id when you come in.
sooo tag people like you do with cattle. got it.
X-ray Scanner wall hahahaha, Why didn't you idiots vote this guy president, It would be fucking hilarious.

"Hello mexico, it's the president of the United States here, We are going to need you to go halfsies on an X-ray Scanner Wall"

"Sorry, what?"
Hilarious...'im Spanish not Mexican, my family moved there in the 1550's.' hey just so you know..that makes you Spanish unless you were born in the USA...lol
I will build the wall with the corpses of you fucking mexicans!
i know illegal immigrants who are good people who came so their children can have a better life, but some are bad so i don't know how to feel.
The spanish dude, is he on meth?
the shit??? an ex ray border?! what the actual hell. nice guy. but my god
Lol, the Wall aint gonna do shit. More people will just find a way over it or around it aka through air transport and oversea travel
That first lady made absolutely no sense. Scary.  Edited: nor does the second guy. Clicking off the video. I cant stand it.
bait "building the wall" but the topic is about immigration. the physical wall is stupid. wtf.
I couldn't watch the Spanish dude...omg
That made me laugh so much omg
5:50   please what Crowder? Trump didn`t said Mexicans are bringing drugs, crime, etc?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jaz1J0s-cL4

please comment on this one
one of the reason why these Drug Cartels coming here illegally cause of the broken borders.. and we build that wall? the Tunnels are going to be next
That guy was on some next level drugs lmao
Lmao! I like that kid. X ray scan border? Kid was high as shit!
How about this! Fuck Mexico! The Mexican government is the problem, those corrupt bastards!!
Pressure them to get their shit together. Invade Mexico and take care of the people that need cared for. Save the people next door. Easier to drive to the war!
The Mexican people should be on board with that.
I can promise this guy is NOT spanish. It's not our racial identity at all.
Whya does thisa guya talka lika that?
This guy doesnt want a wall but he wants everyone chipped like a lost dog.
Lol, a X-ray boarder..  BUILD THAT DAM WALL!!! If we have open boarders, you might as well say bye bye to our country!!
I think that the fix to immigration is to make it easy to legally immigrate the country and get a hefty ass tax rate that allows u to make enough to live but not super high quality and once a set percent of their money has been paid in the tax will lower and so on and so forth until they become American citizens this way any money lost on the immigrating is at least one way or another brought back in the reason I say this is there are more than enough jobs every construction company I've worked for always needs more hardworking laborers because the white guys virtually never make it because a lot of times I've seen them be very lazy as far as solving crime goes if you fuck up you get screwed were not taking u back to Mexico if u break the law as an immigrant then u get dropped a mile off of the coast of Somalia and work it the fuck out that outta stop people from fucking around same law would apply from people who jump the border even with an easily accessible way in and if you dont have a job within a month you're gone and u dont get any government assistance this is just my opinion because I've seen how most illegal immigrants act in the states and they're more good than harm
How do you know those statistics of ilegal immigrants if people dont know about those illegal immigrants cause if the government notices, they will be deported
Imuh willinguh to betuh this guyuh is stoneduh.
This Spanish person is simple jack
if these people who support illegal immigration were in power, they would have less wage, more competition for jobs, and a more degraded life in general. I want to move to the USA, but I don't fit the criteria for a work visa or citizenship. though I could pass a citizenship test which isn't all that hard. funnily enough, I failed the British citizenship test. that is if the tests the immigration websites lead you to are valid.
I'm not sure how many people know this but most illegals file tax returns and receive refunds, however, the tax they pay into the social security system they will most assuredly never collect because they change their ssn's so often.
this hispanic guy is an idiot , he wants chip all of us
every forest has it's capacity, same goes with countries
That made my head hurt.
guys...you might get this nice open minded lady hurt by the gangsters that she said are in her building....just saying. 03:40
I'll provide you with the percentage of the population each group is and the percentage of total murders they commit. That is based on this link. 
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Race_and_crime_in_the_United_States

Blacks 13% of the population....52% of murders. 

Whites 68% of the population ...45% of murders

Hispanics 15% of the population....12.8% of murders. 

Hispanics as a whole are NOT a hyper violent segment of our population. 

Look at the murder rates in border cities with ultra high Hispanic populations. They are LOWER than average. El Paso is right on the border and 80% Spanish speaking and has one of the lowest murder rates in the country. Look it up. Facts not slander.
I don;t agree with some of Steve's stats. I do not think that illegals commit 37% of the murders. That does not add up. 

According to recent uniform crime statistics Hispanics account for 12.8% of all murders. So if all Hispanics account for 13% of all murders how do illegals who are only 1/3 of the Hispanic population commit 3X more murders than all Hispanics. 

I agree with Steven 85% of the time but I'm sick of these bogus statistics which frankly are a slander to a group of people. 

Please do not respond to my post until you read the link. 

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Race_and_crime_in_the_United_States
Stopping illegal immigration is a good thing. The only problems I have with building a wall is 
1. Whos paying for this and how much will it cost to maintain such a wall
2. The implications of a wall infringing upon peoples property
3. How effective will this wall even be?
o god... that guy with the book bag makes us all dumber just listening to him.
The wall isn't really going to solve the bigger problem, the vast majority of illegal immigrants get in the country by planes and overstay their visas, and a the vast majority of them aren't even from Mexico anymore (they used to be back in 2009, but not anymore), they are from both Asia and Central America
Oh my!  Is  Leroy the young Spanish man getting his education from a cracker jack box??  Really?  Tax them.  Put a chip on them. He just might win as Govenor of New Mexico.  He's got the politician jibe down:  No facts necessary.  Opinions reign supreme.  Creepy!!
This fool is talking about he's not Mexican, he's "Spanish". HAHAHAHA...some of them say that shit, knowing DAMN well they're straight sombrero circle dancers. LOLOL. They do that shit in front of white people, to make themselves seem more like THEM. SMFH. I know Puerto Ricans who say the same shit.
Don't get me wrong, an XRay wall would be pretty fucking cool, but that guy is a real basket-case.
Black people shouldn't have an opinion about any of this.
Ok heres when Stevens wrong , immigrants may cost the us billions but imagine how much they make for the us hes acting like they dont pay there taxes at all, imagine all the times they get taxed, and if they want them to stop costing the us money just make it a law to not ask for a job on the sheet with out getting professionally hired then there wont be problems and my parents are immigrants and my dad pays so much fucking taxes he owns restaurants and to see all the money go away cuz of taxes is fucking disappointing. And Im glad its costing the us money because we dont even know where are fuck tax money is going to , so why would any civilian fucking care
LOL the second guy was high as a kite. And it seemed like he didn't know what he was talking about and didn't know any of the facts. With the facts being the facts we need to get the crime down and the drugs down.
It's too bad that most people started talking about the immigration aspect. I am against the wall simply because it isn't worth the tax dollars.
I do believe in secure borders but the wall (I'm talking specifically about the wall Donald Trump has proposed, i.e. the height and materials he proposed) is just unpractical financial wise. You could pay thousand of people to patrol the border with that money. That would be money much better spent
A X-ray wall!!!!  WTF!!!?!
This dude is naive
Why doesn't anyone mention Mexican immigration laws? They've got much stricter laws on this than we do..and they also have a barrier on their southern border as well
Dude wants THX 1138 society.
Sounds like the Spanish guy wants the mark of the beast lol
Love these discussions , and understand the value and reason of leaving them unedited. That said , why give a guy like this white t-shirt dude air time. Ive had more intelligent conversations with my 12 year old regarding these issues
Nigga honestly I dont give a fuck about the wall,  like they cant come here illegally, and if they do come here illegally, they are gonna get caught anyways so whats the point in even coming here illegally, they need to come here legally, the only thing I dont believe in is that Mexico should pay for it, we should pay for it
A wall would work with decreasing illegal immigration but it wouldn't work for stopping criminals bringing in drugs. They'll just find more ways to go around the wall thus making the purpose of the wall pointless costing billions of tax payer dollars.

Immigration, especially on our southern is a mess as the legal process to become a citizen takes to damn long (months to years) Even for the refugee asylum seekers it can take a few months. You have to think why do people come here illegally? It's because our system is so slow and so bureaucratic that these people can't wait to come here legally for fear of their lives in their own country. Many of these people live in terrible conditions that most Americans can't fathom where the fear of being killed by drug cartels is real. If you were in their shoes what would you do? If you had a family that was constantly stuck in the crossfire of warring gangs and thugs would you risk you're life and the lives of your kids by waiting months to years trying to legally come to America or would you take the risk of coming here illegally? The option most go with is the second because there's a less likely chance of them dying trying to come here illegally.

I'm all for legal immigration but the process must be more streamlined and simpler then what it is. These people want to come to our country, and most are hard working, family oriented, and Christian. They want to be apart of this awesome country that guarantees them rights that many other countries do not, which is the same reason my ancestors and many other people's ancestors came her over 100 years ago.

You may say that there's violent and crazy individuals who want to immigrate here. To that I say those people are in the vast minority and you cannot punish those who wish to genuinely come here and make their lives better due to the actions of a few. Just like you can't punish law abiding firearm owners by restricting their gun rights due to the actions of a few crazy individuals. You may also say that they will take advantage of welfare and government assistance. The same goes for this as well, for you can't punish the hard working immigrant for the actions of the lazy one.

Would this completely get rid of illegal immigration, probably not but a quicker and easier path to legally come to the US might lower the amount of illegal immigrants.
The look on Crowders face as the guy leaves is priceless
I haven't watched the video yet so I'll edit once I'm done but if he doesn't change his mind by the end of this video, then he is talking to wrong people. There's a trillions reasons why we shouldn't build a wall. 
And I this point I think Steve is just out to get people to watch more videos. Which isn't bad at all but we'll see after I watched. Update soon.

Update:. After watching: great conversation between the two, it seemed Leroy was a little confused but he had the right mindset. He made great points and I believe steve should have followed up with stronger points, but he didn't. The first woman kind of scared me lol she gave me a feeling of hate, probably mainly due to her experiences with people in her community. 
So I'll be looking forward to an educated person discuss this topic with you Steven because this is a simple "change my mind" idk why even have this topic it's a step back from your others "change my Mind" videos. It just screams ignorance, and in no way shape or form am I calling you ignorant. Hope this helps, I am at work writing this from my phone so excuse the grammar.  
Build the wall, then build sniper towers. We aren't playing anymore.
I'd send that dumb fucking kid back, jesus he's 1 of the dumbest people I've ever herd. He wants to be mayor of new Mexico aswell lol god help um
What a dumb fucking kid
That Mexican women is fucking crazy
Leroy, why don't you have a nice hot cup of shut the f******up
Hey Leroy, you don't see it slowing down too soon right, only a f**** idiot would vote for you and Santa Fe New Mexico, get out of here.
I thought "build the wall" was just a metaphor for increasing border security, and that's a good thing right? When people come here illegally, not only does it put American citizens in potential danger, but it's unfair to the people who have been waiting for years to get in legally.
Has there ever been an episode, where Steven had his mind changed or someone he talked to had his/her mind changed?
We can't tax illegals . Great idea dufus.
that look at the end lol
Understand this: 
As long as drugs are wanted in the United States... Cartels will come in through any wall thats built. They are the most powerful organized crime in the world. Theres documentaries on them saying the same exact thing. People pay the cartel to come through, and they know damn well how to get things through. As around 80% of illegal narcotics in the US come from Mexico.

A wall will be a waste of tax dollars money and a laughingstock. Mexico government will never pay for it because theyre involved with the Cartels themselves (gladly not all members). And the money could be used to help out the poverty issue Mexico has instead, which turns out to be the reason people leave the country. 

This isnt the Middle Ages. Improve Border Patrol security with proper planning, protection and procedures for all. Because the issue isnt just immigration.. it is the factors behind that action that need understanding first.

I came legally into this country about 11 years ago. And all I hope for is for nationalism to never be an influence into decisions. Instead, acknowledged the cultural divisions within the borders this country and out.
also why do people propose the argument, "they're gonna make Mexico pay for it" those people probably imagine a bunch of US soldiers running up to the President of Mexico with guns saying "Give us $20 billion dollars to build the wall!" like its through tariffs or trade taxes
I see some people talking about Steven's stats and how they are inaccurate. Even if they are at it is 20% not 40-50% the fact that these people are here ILLEGALLY makes any number high! They commit crimes and IF they do get caught that is more tax payers money that goes toward housing them in jails and everything else that goes along with it.
Oh my god watching that guy was painful
If the laws already in place were followed through, we wouldn't need to build a wall.  If you are in the USA illegally, and you are caught, you get booted out.  If you are paying illegals under the table, you are fined, jailed, and they are booted.  I understand that families are disrupted, but that is a risk when you are breaking the law.
One question. Who is paying for the wall? Mexicans ain't paying it. Does that mean it's going to be taken from our taxes?
Honestly if they build the wall we gona be good at another thing.....polevoltin
Whoever deported my uncle YOUR MOMS A HOE!
Imagine if you argued with professionals who were too smart to be on your show.
The key talking points never came up: 1) What country would actually end up paying for it? 2) Would it actually resolve illegal immigration into the US from Mexico? 3) Would it be maintainable and serve it's purpose for the foreseeable future?
This dudes living in 3018
Second dude is a gay cholo
#BuildtheXrayWall2018
Does he actually believe these things or is it just for the video?
"Borders in general are going to become a thing of the past" 
And then he proposes having some sort of scanner to get "ilegal immigrants" passport and personal information. 
NOTHING IN THERE MAKES ANY SENSE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    Lefties really DO LIVE in their own FANTASY WORLD.  #Unbelievable
This dude doesn't know his ass from his elbow
Lol when the wall comes, it will be build by illegals. Your argument is invalid. No matter what happens, things won't change. 

USA has a history of fucking countries over for resources. Lol 
And then wonder why are the same people are coming over from the countries that had been cough invaded *cough*.
I love the second person, 'this is a free thought, to execute this I will need to find mastermind individuals' I can dig it lol
Ludicrous.... a wall ?  Maybe its because im english amd we dont do stuff like that anymore but it sounds mental ....get a grip people
X-ray border. What a f....ing moron.
StevenCrowder where do you get your statistics? I wanna be smart like you! 
So this guy wants every one chipped? Aka mark of the beast?? This is our future people..the time is near..make your choice!!!
Look at history, the wall is a great idea!! Some
Countries these illegals would have been shot
Money border, card electronic codeing only, cash card with debt and fraud protection and your traditional cards it would stop alot of crime as well were almost there anyway
This guy is such a moron. Causation and corrolation.  Only people who can afford food get obese so to fight obesity we need to give away all our money.  Poverty breeds crime some obviously the most poor people will have the highest crime statistics. Illegal immigrants aren't generally very rich so obviously they will be disproportionately represented in crime statistics.
One thing I love about history is that it speaks volume to truth and it separates hypocrisy. Here is my reason why America is a country of hypocrisy, a banner of deception and lies. Until this day it is a a emperialism to its core. The United States manifested a world wide control based on fear, democracy spreading while pillaging weaker powers globally. 1776 it became an independent nation making it 241 years old. You call yourself America forgetting it is a continent. European Americans you systematically deprived people of their land. Dannie is Canadian  a common wealth of the British Empire,  he has the privilege to have been born in Canada now living in the US I suppose, you are lucky you weren't born in a country that isn't festering with crime, hunger, and a systematically corrupt government that sells out to the wants of richer neighbors. Countries that were bled dry by your forefathers. Applying your foot on the weak and applying pressure to the neck now you want to build a wall. You colonized and immigrated with no repercussion. There were no mighty Armies to kick you out when you stole land. You went to war  and stole resource by the sword who the fuck held you people responsible. There was no mighty UN. You don't want them when they arrive legally nor when they arrive illegally.  For 284 years prior to 1776 when the US was just colonies. Your ancestors came by the thousands thundering into land already owned no statistics then of the hundreds killed because Europeans wanted nothing to do with Monarchies after centuries you people got tired of fighting each other got tired of getting taxed up the ass .  You sailed into the new world was their a barricade holding you back, customs maybe homeland security or ice on boats in the middle of the Atlantic . The Mexicans did not build a wall when America went into their land and settled  into California, New Mexico, Texas, Nevada, Arizona so save me the hypocrisy. The US is a land of immigrants. The land notably belongs to tribes of native America not you five dollar Indians that paid for the mantle which is all colonizers of  British or mainland European descent. Talking about I'm American your ancestry goes back 525 years. Have you not noticed that besides Canada and the US the further south including the carribean Islands you go geographaly the more brown and dark people you fucking encounter. The carribean Islands are lands that after thousands of years separated from North and South America. White Americans will never change. The only immigrants in the America's are the 521 years of your existence on the continent. If your going to spill your filthy rhetoric of building a wall to keep out Mexicans understand that genetically and geographaly their ancestors in the America's go further than fucking 521 years. You colonized Africa now you want to keep Africans out of Europe Hypocrisy. You made institutional racism in all land on continents you colonized from Guam to the Philippines, Hawaii to Puerto Rico, you have shamed them for their differences Hypocrisy. You enslaved blacks speaking of all men are created equal built a nation around democracy and free will while demonizing the existence of a people, you supposedly gave them freedom only to benefit from it with institutionalized prison and racism to hypocrisy. You are not so different from your  ancestors you have not changed. If God exist he will deal your cards once you leave this earth. You have committed atrocities against your neighbor. You and your ancestors have brought pain and anguish to millions world wide. Until this day you still pillage for wealth in the middle east not democracy braided in lies. It's easy to forgive past actions, but when you constantly demonize those seeking a better life you are the nail that must be removed. 521 years causing destruction 241 as a nation built on hypocrisy and lies but let's make America the continent great again which entails 525 years ago. I have no hate for you colonizers it's not in my nature to hate humans. I do hate your hypocritical nature, I do despise the lies you tell yourselves. The hate you spill. You have your neo counterparts screaming go back to Africa to unsuspecting Americans of African descent go back to your land, I would have hoped native Americans yelled go back to Europe. Your hypocrisy has no depth no volume it cannot surpass you shame South Africans for what they do now when you did it to the multitude from the America's to Asia. To make it even worse you even terrorize your own. I reiterate I do not hate you colonizers I despise your hypocrisy, your hate, your lies most of all its the  disparaging aura of the world surrounding your own. It would be a big mistake for the world to think America is a pro people moving forward, America is a failed state, America and its greatness is hindered by its hypocrisy. All nations that cannot recognize its people diversity shall crumble in its footprint and never rise. America the free the just, America the great is but a fairytale for blind adults. It is a religion at best that revolves around the most intimate of corrupt ideas that it is any different from imperial or a dynasty like the iron curtain put up by the USSR that is what the US has offered the America's.
Anyone seen Minority Report? Can't wait until the technology exist where people get scanned everywhere... If you're not in the system, police show up. 

Let the sanctuary cities go without those systems and see the correlation of crimes committed.
It makes sense to build a wall..Worked great for the chinese, to protect them against Mongolians.. I think the right thing is for American and Mexican government to band together and stop the drugs, They need to work together more..Even if you build the wall, you will create just another ring of criminals, and actually endanger the lives of many mexicans trying to immigrate to the USA..the wall only makes the human trafficking syndicate stronger..Now if you say that the lives of Americans comes first, then America should stop all these wars they are fighting outside the USA because it does not affect them in any way.. Get out of Syria,, Djibouti e.t.c.If you want to save the world..then also consider building a wall will mean a stronger trafficking syndicate. So the best solution is to work with the government of Mexico, not sure how possible that is..
boarders a thing of the past? that will not happen. and with the growing pressure of illegal immigration, boarders will only become harder
That's not how I feel and I'm from New Mexico
Technically people constantly sneaking in your country is called invasion. I know I dont like invasion
There is already a fence what's the difference it's because it's too high to climb over or catapult your drugs over isn't it
What kind of drugs was the second guy on?
It'd be great if there was follow up to change my mind videos. It would be nice to see how some of these people feel after some time to think it over.
Where can I find links to the studies you used? Good segment, but stats are meaningless without citation.
 that dude is a complete retard
poor lady :(
10:30, my boy is living in 2087 the way he's thinking 
Soooooo...Humans are a migratory species and should be allowed to migrate freely to "wherever they feel the need to be"?  Ok.  I'd like to migrate to the office on the second floor of the 2nd District US Federal Reserve in New York...would that be ok? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VnRCaQJHi3A
His family has been in America since the 1550's and he sounds like he got his green card a year ago...
I live in New Mexico and this guy would not get governor 
There already is a wall in some places. It has holes in it and it's patched up but it's there. It even extends into the pacific ocean a bit. If you want to increase border protection: sure, go ahead. Build new wall sections. But be aware that the border crosses mountainous areas that make it very hard (and expensive) to build a wall there. It might be cheaper in the long run to have patrols there instead of a wall. And no matter how far you extend a wall into the ocean, what if you have a boat? Or what if you dig a tunnel?

If you want to do something about the drugs problem though, maybe lower the demand for drugs by having more social welfare programs, increased job security, etc. so that people are more likely to not end up on the streets where the only refuge they have for their failed American dream is to escape reality into the world of drugs.

I believe this is why soft drugs can be legally used in my country (The Netherlands) without any problems.
First, I am for immigration reform, but building a wall is pointless. Hungary built one because of Syrian refugees and more than 3,500 were getting in daily. Ask China how well the Great Wall of China did against invasions ... no difference at all whatsoever and it's the world's largest wall. US Customs and Immigration has seen more than 95% of all human trafficking and drugs are coming in through boats, not the border. Also, most illegal immigrants come in through flights and overstay their visa. Humanity has made a habit of tearing down walls, including Reagan. Walls have never, on either side of the political divide, been popular or effective. Bush started one WITH Obama's approval (as he was one of the Democrats that voted yes on that bill). Obama was still taking Americans to court to confiscate their land to build the wall, which is costing tax payers too much money and farmers are losing their businesses over this. Bill Clinton also instituted Operation Gatekeeper, which restricted the passage of illegal immigrants to San Diego from Tijuana. The program increased the number of border patrol agents in the area and built miles of new fence (yes, another Democrat voted to build a wall along the Mexican border). Time and again, both Republicans and Democrats have tried fences and walls and NOTHING worked. It's time for immigration reform, just not a wall which is going to cost a lot of money, create a lot of hostility and accomplish absolutely nothing but higher taxes to pay for this damned thing.
The wall adds property value! A house with a fenced in yard is always worth more. Its  dumb way to look at it but it works for me
Sounds like Logans Run...
If you took the X-ray wall guy's IQ and multiplied it by 10 and then doubled that number you'd have a terrible bowling score.
Simple. Building the wall is a huge waste of taxpayer money. Most people fly over and overstay their tourist visa easiest and least dangerous way to get in. Also people will find wasys around it there's already tunnels therefore it's just a waste of our money
Leroy a fool
NOOO THERE IS DUST UNDER MY SCREEN PROTECTOT THAT IS SO ANNOYING
The face at the end is my reaction to most things in this universe lol
The wall is a dumb idea.. They will just take a boat from cuba or something... If not that use a plane... Its just a waste of resources, rather invest in border officials and coast guards...
Building a wall isn't going to stop illegal immigration is this dude tarded
I bet this guy, Crowder, has had conversations with folks who have valid points, but for some reason or another won't upload them.
3:13 what's the point of whispering if you're doing into a microphone...
The people interviewed with you is absolutely nonsense.
X-ray border!!
I think that guy is on a lot of the drugs he is talking about.
That second guy was trying to be smart but really was just a fucking tool
Last guy was such an idiot
i whish i could talk with u, i dont agree with the wall because although i agree with What is supposed to do it wont change nothing
Most immigrants come to the US by plane you dotard
If they are here illegal, take out the danger and stigma of the treacherous travel to get here.  How? By thoroughly vetting each immigrant, collecting their biometrics, and then slap a stiff 60-70% tax for their first 10 years in the US. If they have a clean record, have a job, get educated, and pass the citizenship test, they become citizens. At least we'll have productive citizens compared to 3rd-4th generation welfare recipients who have no desire to get a real job
The problem with a lot of these sit downs is that the people chatting have no idea on how to stay on topic and are ill prepared to use facts to help their points.  For example, if I had sat down, I would argue the wall is a waste of funds as illegal immigrants will find ways around that wall, especially the cartels with deep pockets to pay for ways underneath, over, etc. Using the money for more man-power and technology to monitor the border would be much more effective.  A wall is just a expensive prop used to try and deter people determined to find a way in no matter what.  Second, I would ask why Steven (and Conservatives) are not pushing for a wall on the Canadian border.  Why just protect the southern side?  If you're going to build a wall, why not along every border that is up against another country?
Why this guy just talks with stupid people?
Respect to Steven for keeping a serious face while talking to the governor. That was something
The city of New Mexico is a sanctuary city...
Hey, maybe if all this insanity continues Ill actually vote him for governor. Maybe he will let me pilot the drones to drop off the RFID tags to the other side, before the people get in the US, or maybe I can just guard an XRay checkpoint with a lightsaber. Who knows...
The last gentleman thinks people would be okay with being chipped? Interesting thoughts.....
The look on Steven's face at the end completely conveyed just how terrifying it can be when confronted with the reality of how dumb some people really are.
Like all these people getting mad about stuff like the wall
Like come in legally and their would be no problem and their are lots who do it 
But you have to brake the law and be a criminal and illegal 
SO YOU CANT I REPEAT SO YOU CANT be mad at people for say things bad things about you 
IF YOU THINK ABOUT IT
ITS LIKE IF SOMEONE BROKE IN YOUR HOUSE HOW WOULD YOU FEEL ABOUT IT
YOU KNOW NOTHING ABOUT THEM AND YOU DIDNT SAY THEY COULD COME IN BUT THEY ARE STILL THIER JUST SITTING IN YOUR LIVING ROOM YOU WOULD BE VERY UNHAPPY ABOUT IT, YOU WOULD PROBABLY BE SCARED LIKE ARE THEY GOING TO HURT OR WHAT
So moral of the story is you cant be mad at people if they dont like you or want you in their country because you did go though the paper work to get their and broke in it their country
Cause when all is said and done your just a criminals
NO OFFENSE THO
I dont know if this is true or not but doesnt Mexico have a wall at their south border
Like so whats the problem if USA wants on
Like no more illegals just come in the right way is it that hard and if it is that hard stay in your own country
What percentage do illigal immigrants commit crime? Well the clue is in the title - 100% as they are breaking the law with their presence.
x-ray border? lets call it spooky skeleton border
do "multiculturalism doesn't work"
What I got from this is some people are stupid
What a pair of inarticulate people. It was painful to just listen to them try to finish sentences. The guy who claims he will be the governor of New Mexico, rarely finished his sentences anyway. I'd flee New Mexico for sure if I was a resident there. LOL. This is what you get when all you have are poor, uneducated people who populate our country. Stunning.
This guy is the dumbest person I ever heard! He has no idea what the hell hes talking about. He must be a Democrat lol  Love the X-ray border idea he came up with  lmao
I think a more ethical way should be done in handling illegal families who are here. As for people wanting to enter, I think it should be made easier for certain situations (i.e. running away from gang violence, single moms, etc). But I do think the borders should be secure in such a way that should not play into any personal bias. Unfortunately that's as far as my opinion goes due to the fact that this country has the right to allow in who they want. I wish it would be handled more ethically but I wouldn't say the government has to open their walls because it's their right. I can't blame them for wanting to exclusively allow in those who will add to the economy.
"I don't want a wall but an RFID chip in everyone that tells your location at all times to a database sounds cool" Jesus fucking Christ.
Hey steve, I like ya and agree with you on most things, but uhhh there is a thing called ladders.
Holy fuck that second guy made me more dumb
The old lady a snitch
Isnt one of the reasons that a lot of immigrants come illegally is because its very hard to come legally? If it were easier they wouldnt have much of a reason except tax evasion. But there are benefits to being legal that I think could outweigh the taxes. The wall seems kind of like a waste of resources if people would come on their own to be legal, but I dont know if they would.
You have no place whatsoever to say a wall shall be built. YOU and your family came here as immigrants. We should have built the wall when you filthy disease ridden animals came. Instead we showed you compassion and showed you how to survive here, and what did we get from that?
What surprised me the most, is how inarticulate that man at the end is. Scattered thoughts that were whimsical... That guy was nauseating to listen to.
It's hard to understand how that mexican dude is that dumb... Lets stop them with x rays.... Wtf
Dont build a wall, just chip all mexicans and track their whereabouts and what do's. I think this is the most racist fucking thing I've heard yet.
How stupid can one person be...
he only really supports controversial opinions and I feel like he says this bullshit to produce shock value.
I would have loved to sit down and change your mind.
Just occurred to me Steven must be a Trump voter. Would love for him to discuss with John Oliver, would get absolutely smashed lol.
That x-ray border guy reminds me of that ant-man guy
Build the wall
Lol yeah lets just beem down x-rays of deatruction for those foolish enough to cross the border. Leroy for Governor.
Tbh i say build it
I'm just gonna put this here: https://www.factcheck.org/2018/06/is-illegal-immigration-linked-to-more-or-less-crime/
Im confused
Back pack guy has been playing to much video games
How can you tax people that work jobs that pay cash
Telemundo said Trump called all Mexicans rapist.
Very true..fake victims create real victims
The wall is symbolic. .it won't stop it.
Berlin wall was a great idea, praise communism *
Is there any episode of Change My Mind where Steven had his mind changed?  I've only discovered this series tonight but I've been binge watching episodes for hours.  I'm interested in seeing an area where he decided in the end that his opinion was wrong.  If this has never happened even once then I'm sure people can see the inherent problem with this entire series.  He is incredibly well researched and prepared in his arguments, but you can't give an MMA fighter credit for going 200-0 against amateurs they pull in off the street.  I love his arguments and my opinion is changed to agree with his every time - but I also see the subjects he debates with being completely unprepared.  I'd be very interested if someone could direct me to an episode where he changed his mind, or if someone could direct me to any debates he had with a similarly prepared counter-arguer.  If neither of those things have ever happened, maybe the next step for him would be to do just that - to arrange for debates with actual scholars or politicians versed in the counter-point.
I agree with you on most things but the wall is stupid.
Yes Over Tax their illegal asses and Then Deport them when they least expect it. Lifetime ban on Drug traffickets and Human Traffickers! MS-13 is the Mexicans Trump was talking about.
Giveing them Citizenship is not going to work. There are 10 Million here who have kids here. They didn't get Citizenship. New Illegals should not be first. Nope
That spanish dude should be wearing a dunce hat.
I am against ilegal immegration, but I think building the wall is just a waste of resources.
Lmao!!!! Maybe we can get some xrays to secure the  borders .  Will have it in Like 5yrs. Lmao!!!
Dude with the go-pro looks like he has been smoking meth all day.
damn im not for the wall im for the xray  digital code scanner wall
love these segments but this one was painful to watch!!
i totally agree with guy thinking of some way other than the wall to deter illegal immigrants, but while thinking how, do the wall
But, what percentage of the illegal immigrants commit crimes?
Building the wall would negatively affect the US economy  and it would ruin the ecosystem of the animals that live between the US and MX. Drugs also get to the US by aircrafts and even aquatic vehicles from the cartels such as the  Colombian cartel so... it's not only MX.
Really dude? X-ray? Won't that be astronomically more expensive than a mere mortar and brick?
Leroy has been thinking alot about this for the past 3 years ! lmao He has to sit down with a few mastermind individuals in order to give Steven a blatant answer. LMFAO I am freaking dying dude !!!!!!
X-ray digital tag number borders 2025
it useless to build a wall cause mostly ilegal immigrant come to america with tourist visa and hide for 3 year or 4 year stay in america and get the american ID with some mean dunno how so it will just waste if tax payer money not to mention how much cost to maintain it
Did the guy in white just blow in from stupid town?
All I can say is that poor man in the white with the camera has no hope. I see that he's trying, but YIKES.
Saying illegal aliens are good people is like saying Mexico or any other South America country is corrupt crime infested shitholes. These countries are shitholes because of the people not the land.
I believe that the wall is the stupidest thing ever since a little low percentage of illegal immigration comes from sneaking in. I believe that the rhetoric that the wall sends is a symbol of hate cause you don't see a wall in Canada or an idea for it. You just see it in Mexico and down, it's not the physical wall, is the rhetoric and the logic behind it
Illegal immigration is particularly useful in a welfare state.
The facts that no one mentioned who's going to pay for "the wall" is crazy to me. Which is one thing most Mexicans are mad about. But most illegal people in the US actually did come here leagally they just stayed over the time (with VISAS). To think how long it takes a person to become a citizen and how much money it takes should also be a concern. Even in the process on to becoming a citizen makes you leave this country for even 10 years, and like in my case my father would have to leave the country which he doesn't want to do, but he's the one maintaining my house hold. My mother wouldn't be able to do it alone. But building a wall that you want another country to pay for is ridiculous. But don't build the wall just on the southern side of this beautiful country build it everywhere and see what happens.
Had the iq of a grapefruit but was still a nice fellow to chat too.
Im kinda bummed that nothing interesting was really brought up to the table as far as cost and effectiveness goes.
This lady sounds like a complete idiot! Im a latino, pay me and I'll help you build it! 
Lol this fool is tweakin
That guy walked off thinking he made good points.
Would agree with what last guy said that if you accept the premise that thousands will come illegally no matter what then it would make the most sense for the US gov to make it easier to become a citizen. 
As far as Crowder's rebuttal that some won't want to pay taxes, thousands of American citizens don't pay taxes (Google it, the numbers vary) so that argument is weak. I think in general more will pay taxes once becoming citizens than won't. 
In addition it seems common sense that people would rather eliminate the threat of deportation i.e. become citizens than live in limbo with the possibility of deportation hanging over their heads.
Immigration reform are necessary for US. That shit what happens now is not reform, and it make a situation eaven worser.
But, the wall is meaningless in the context of immigration. The companies which will build it will make a lot of money from taxpayes by that fraud. This is the only goal of this wall :(
Where there's a will there's a way... The people that the wall is built for will find another way to get there, plus it would not only be expensive to build, but also to maintain and patrol no? Sure illegal immigration is wrong but I don't think building a wall would change much. Perhaps looking into ways to encourage legal immigrants to report illegals by offering high incentives or something.
The new Mexico guy seemed genuinely retarded
With that dude "gave them some sort of ID so we can tell where they are" oh so you mean like Hitler did with the Jews?
personally I dont think we need a wall, just sniper towers
He'll never become governor
That Mexican guy makes no sense...chip all the Mexican like animals I guess....lol
LeRoy just gave me a damn headache...
Hahaha that face at the end lololol
It is sad but Leroy might just get elected.
The look on your face after Leroy walked away said everything it needed to say. Excited to hear about his x-ray border plan.
Yes Bc  everyone builds stuff with their asses!! LOL! Ok we'll #BUILDTHEWALL with our asses.
No offense, but the guy in the white shirt made me a little angry... Lol
4:08 Leeeeroooooyyyyyy jjjjjiiiiieeeeeeennnkiiiiinssssssss
make a bordr to rival the Great wall..put high definition cameras and motion sensors allthrough out...man the wall completely from one end to one end..Please do it..i wanna See ur economy go down .
Why does the Spaniard New Mexican add an ah sound to ending of every word ie, electronic ideeaahs lmao
All the countries in the middle east should build a wall, you cunts have never legally crossed their borders.  #warMongeringAmerica
Second dude sounding extra stupid trying to sound remotely "smart".
Leeroy is fucking nuts 
Build the stupid wall with no doors or borders and cut free trade with Latin America and all stupid agreement you have on cooperation of any kind and take all companies, job, investment back live in happy in your beautiful USA , shit we know you're racists. You would have a wonderful live in the USA and Latin Americans will happy in our countries without your shit, we don't fucking need man and you don't need us. This is real nonsense you let this people into your country without proper clearance in immigration and you blame us, because you are useless and lazy American fuck you, built your wall already and shut up.
I came here just to read comments of what people thought about that guy talking with crowder.
That was a mess lol
More than 52% of all drugs comes from Mexico..Most.of the crimes are.commited by the Illigals criminals from Mexico.
What a stupid moron. If you want to put a chip in your body to track you down than go to North Korea..
I mean theres already a 16 ft wall w/ tons of dogs, artilleraly and, Soldiers so whats the point? Wall is useless and a waste of money for the country. 
Also people who are trying to cross the border have been through horrible gang violence and are oppressed to leave their fathers or parents in their country. And when they come here they have no money or idea to live as a normal family become oppressors. The oppressed become the oppressors.
I guess I'm just a "cheap prick "
Xray the borders?? wtf
That guy is an imbecile.  He wants to be a governor, he couldn't run an elementary school.  Go run a daycare center buddy.
#CheapPrickGang
Here's a question for all you democrats and those who oppose the wall.Why not just make Mexico part of the USA? That way,no wall has to be built,they already have a southern wall.and no one would be wanting to come here.Plus,we no longer have to get a visa to take a vacation.Then take our military,start at the Rio Grande,and move south.Drive all the drug cartel into South America.Then,build a wall around California.Turn it into a giant prison (like escape from LA).You commit a serious crime,you get parachuted in and you're never heard from again.
Dumbass: Borders will soon be a thing of the past. We should just give all undocumented immigrants a path to citizenship.
Crowder: How would you do that?
Dumbass: [Describes a border and legal immigration system]
It would have been cool to see an actual good discussion. why did he choose these two for the video? Seriously? They cant be the best ones from that day this people are stupid af.
That second person is literally all passion and no plan. Total dimwit.
That face @13:15 lol
Daaaaamn. This dude is living in the future. He came back from the future 
What a joke this man here. Is he serious with this bullshit
An x-ray border wall... Well, I guess he gets an A for imagination
It wouldn't be effective at keeping anyone out. Simple and plain
Yes build the wall, around the Right.
My problem with the wall isnt about immigration. Its about the economic problem it would cause. If after Trump there were to be a democrat elected, that Democrat would probably tear the wall down. Than another politician would rebuild the wall. And the next would tear it down again. And it would go on like this for who knows how long. All of this would cost big money but it would give political points to whoever the president is.
Did anyone else google "go green global leroy" to find out who that guy was lol
Why not do a census of areas figure out who is legal and who is illegal. Afterwards, we put a tax on those that are not legal for when they work? Captialize on their crimes, promoting becoming a legal immigrants. For those not working we cut welfare it government support from them.
BUILD THE WALL...yet...i dont see any wall lol. fking tards believe this? its was a good campaign strategy nothing else.
That guy is a fucking idiot. I want him out of the coyntry
that guy was definitely Mexican lol
Any American citizens can walk his feet in almost every centimeter in the map without bank statement or personal interview in embassy no nothing as easy as it can be making troubles causing military's taking over civil democrats government's and if that "cia" thing don't work they going to pomp you and leading others to no winer wars murdering millions of people everywhere and now you are the one who try to keep others out....pleeeeease 
by the way you are welcome any time any where if your name isn't donald j trump or joe pesci 
I mean dont get me wrong I agree that we should enforce our borders but to build a wall thats pretty extreme.
I hate racism and that they think usa is just for whiteman but mexican cant fight cause they have a wall for Guatemala
An X-ray machine the length of the US/Mexico border, you just made this issue a global warming issue too! Gotta burn some fossil fuels to run that size machine.
Mexican conservative here. 
Build your wall, it's an excellent idea for your country's security. 

But you pay it with your money.
How in the hell are they gonna build an X-ray wall with ID tags? That is so idiotic. This guy is a freaking moron.
WHOA...wherever you got that crime statistic about immigrants is bogus.  If we are getting that much violence from people coming across the borders, that's an act of war.  We don't need a wall, we need military action. LOL  The problem with building a wall is that its, first, economically irresponsible.  The border should be protected and well regulated.  Don't get me wrong.  However, the amount of money, materials, contracting, planning, and continuity of border patrol operations during the process along with protecting the wall, is simply irrational to consider.  Some terrains would be next to impossible to build a wall upon.  Honestly, if we worked with these countries like Mexico, Guatemala, Honduras and others, to help expedite the legal process of immigration, we would probably cut down on a lot of these issues.

Being a Black man, pledging unwavering allegiance to any country is a tall order for me.  Seriously, the second I find another country that suits me and my family's needs and expectations, I'll leave.  America stopped improving and rested on its laurels.  I agree that immigration needs to be a high priority, but I think it should be handled with humanity, not solely legality.
I'm an immigrant from Mexico. I was 7 years old when my mother brought my sister and me to the US. I join the Marine Corps right after high school and became a US citizen. I completely agree with building the wall. I recently subscribed to your channel and I was hoping you would do a segment on immigration. That was actually a good job I just wish that I would have been more people would have participated. It would have been nice to see a liberal Democrat being interviewed but they didn't step up to the hot seat. They're afraid of FACTS .
Fuckin Mexicans are retarded "I'm not Mexican I'm Spanish my family has been in Mexico since the 1500s that means you are Mexicans. Mexico is a country not a race if you were born in Mexico you are Mexicans and if you're family was Spaniard unless they were only fuckin each other you aren't even close to being Spanish just thinking that a handful of Spaniard people were in Mexico hundreds of years ago makes you Spanish is retarded the Spanish was bread out of the bloodlines hundreds of years ago you are natives with a little white in you
Okay guy number one was not getting it... You can't identify or give people and identification if you don't have a way to stop them from coming in before we can snatch them up and identify or give them identification.
Will I change your mind if I say: for every tall wall there is a taller ladder?
If a wall cost you $20 billion and can be defeated by a $20 ladder will I change your mind?
What if I tell you that walls only work to keep away terrestrial animals because they don't have the intelligence to defeat it? Humans, on the other hand, are intelligent and will find ways to cross it with ease. We have been to the moon, we have explored the dept of the ocean, but somehow you think that a wall is going to stop intelligent beings from crossing it? OK then, build it and then watch how to useless it becomes!

No one sat to argue with you because nobody wants to argue with idiots!
I want this guy from New Mexico to live in a house without walls and have everyone who wants to get in to walk through his X-Ray machine
Your face at the end said it all. Lol I want no boarders but maybe an xray boarder? Yeah ok buddy.
There already is a wall. It should say build ANOTHER wall cuz we don't like brown people.
Did the guy actual promote tagging humans like animals???
You want to be the governor of New Mexico? My dude, maybe in your little sci-fi world where you tag illegal  aliens and use scanners for people to go through x-ray machines.... and then you'll just give them Social Security numbers and make them take the test to be legal..... when did they make weed legal in New Mexico? because my dude you are on some strong shit
2nd person...mans is living in his own little sci fi world
that dude sounds like hes describing the plot to the matrix
build the wall with your ass! wtf lol
X-ray border guy... Dear lord.
Oh...people are fucking idiots.
Leroy is a complete idiot. He sounds like the the coyote just dropped him off even though he was born in the country, and he randomly mention random 'ideas' like he is high... The Governor of New Mexico! What a tool!
"I'm not Mexican..... I've been in New Mexico since the 1500s" ok dude, when New Mexico was Mexico for the longest....
ok...
Look man I personally believe the wall isnt practical because most people come plane so I don't think a huge wall would be practical like im for extra defense on the border but a huge exspensive wall is just not practical
This one is really easy to answer, if USA wants a wall, then they can have it, but dont expect than other country pay for your stupid bullshit
Mannnnnn that spanish dude was dumb
I'm not even 20 seconds in and im rofl
America is already making money off of illegal immigrants. Take a look at Tyson's factory workers, produce pickers, construction workers. Most come to the United States to work.
Change my mind is a thought provoking debate. Kudos Steven.
Love the shirt Steven.
Illegal immigrants dont spend money here or pay taxes. Most of their money is sent back to Mexico. Honorably for their families but that doesnt help our economy at all.
What better way to stop people from dragging their kids on a dangerous journey, having to give the females birth control cause there is a good chance they will get raped on the way here. What better way to stop that and make them come legally. If there is a wall they wont even make the journey unless they know they will get in.  Not having a wall is dangerous to people in the long run. I got 100$ on that wall right now!
X-ray border has got to be the worst idea I have ever heard
CLIMATE CHANGE IS A MYTH CHANGE MY MIND!!!!!!!
The green global idiot was probably the stupidest one I've seen on change my mind.
in that opening clip when she leaned in i was just about to take a drink when she said that XD  cant just sneak in funny shet without warning :P gotta let us ready ourselves.

8:50 "people will be traveling super fast" hang on, tell me more of this. how are we going super fast? are we injecting sonic genes?

10:30 "some kind of xray scanner" .... satellites?   like a string of satellites watching the boarders? other then costing a shet ton of money to build and maintain that it might be possible. maybe those invisible walls for keeping animals in your yard? we could adapt that tech for this issue. still seems really expensive to set up and maintain though.
that icehead was an idiot 
You need to check for idiots, I want to deport this moron. His family came in the 1550s that was enough for me to toss him

lol
I agree with the guy in the white shirt to just let them in and then tax them just like Americans. These people want to be here and they want to work and they want the same dream as I do and all Americans.
Wow.....
Elitist liberals LOVE walls... when they are used to protect their gated communities.

Interestingly enough, the guards protecting those leftist gated communities, make the Mexican landscapers go through a lot of security before allowing them in. It is almost as if they don't want brown people in their communities, if they are not going through the proper channels.
Are they building a wall to keep them out or keep us in???
Until the 3year and 10year bans on illegal immigrants are a thing of the past, a wall isn't going to stop people from trying to get in. If you look at the current immigration laws you will see that there are some ancient devices in place that really make it tough for illegals to become legal. If you are illegal and you choose to try and persue becoming a legal citizen then you are choosing to roll the dice on wether you will be allowed to stay here while you go through the legalization process or wether you are going to get hit with a 3 to 10 year ban before you are allowed to even begin the process of legalization. During those 3 to 10 years you will be in your country of origin and if you for any reason choose to come back before your ban has been lifted, the ban is reset. Come back one day early without permission? Spend another 3 to 10 years enjoying being away from your family and loved ones. I have one more year left on my mother's ban before i'm allowed to request her Visa and another two years for my father's.  They paid taxes, owned a home and raised three Christian children who pay taxes and contribute positively to Society. My sister is going to school to be a nurse and my brother just passed his Police Academy Entrance Exams. If I believed that the wall was going to  make it easier to change the current Immigration laws then I'd say build the wall. But the truth is the only thing that is going to reform those laws are people understanding them in their current state and understanding why there is a need for reform.
Wow you must be desperate for content letting that bloke talk for so long
These people are dumb as hell!
Is Leroy on drugs ???
I don't  think  building a wall will fixes  anything it would just be a waste of money because smugglers will smuggle thats what  they do  and  most of the drugs come over the border or under or the sea the  solution is to legalize all drugs
The wall will make it far safer for immigrants.  No more widespread rapes, human trafficking, drug muling, exposure deaths, etc......
How about instead of building a wall, we build a roof, because mi casa es tu casa 
You can't make anyone legal citizens of any country if you don't have a border!
Illegal immigrants commit 37% of the homicides? Now that's some fake news.
Military on boarder and wall we can secure it walls work.
oh that spanish dude.. that actually physically hurt. ALSO THE LOOK AT THE END KILLED ME
In the Mexico US boarder they can't build a wall cus they will kill all the wild life. It's really hot down here and the wild life has to get water from the river and stuff

If you build a wall you kill nature.
They should build a wall on the Canadian/US boarder more ppl come illegally from that side.
The thing he didnt mention about this whole wall thing, which I think is more important, is who is paying for the wall? And the fact that most illegal immigrants came on airplanes and overstayed visas. The wall is just a propaganda scheme that we the tax payers are gonna have to pay for.
Use the money for education so someone can figure out a way to control immigration properly. we know damn well that the wall wont do shit. in the long run they will figure out any way to get in, stop kidding yourselves. Fix the system!
An X-ray boarder lmao
I would die to talk to you and destroy every arguement you make
You are so unbelivably arrogant and delusional.
Sounds like you lost this one..
A wall might make you feel safe but in reality your not safe.
People that go into the country for work will probably be more than willing to be tagged and traked. People who smuggle drugs in wont, so as soon as those are caught they get special tracking.. wall or not people have addictions and the demand is high of illegal drugs and legal drugs is it's not illegals then it's your own government..  but I agree build that Wall just so people can say we told you so
Was this the only guy that sat down with you? My good sir. I wish one day me and you can sit down like that with or without cameras. Because this guy wasn't even a person worthy of your time. God bless
Dang it crowder! I Wish I was closer.. Id love to sit down and have a chat! :) We would agree on some points, but most tell me I'm not very agreeable..

My opening argument is usually "If almost ALL of south america is such a bad position , then isn't it our given responsibility to fix it?... And it doesn't matter much on how they answer.. Because the follow up is "Wouldn't it get fixed faster with the american flag?".. And then it gets easy.. Really easy..

1) If you are trying to get into america because "The united states opportunists and government is better" that is the REASON for us to liberate Mexico and make it ALL the USA..

2) if you are coming into america because "We need asylum from our government" GREAT! we should put up our flag in your country, put down a military station set for defense, and then liberate your country.

3) If you are coming into america because you want to invade the free world and cripple our government.. Then you're government needs to be reigned and let know that this is the same as war.. Either stop your citizens from illegally marching into our country because you (Their government) does NOT have the capability of caring for them. Or deal with much harsher realities..

 If you want to come in.. Come in the right way.. Id hate for your country to suffer war or Annexation simply because you were to lazy or impatient to go through legal processes.. If the legal process is indeed to long, and the multitudes of your country are waiting.. Then put up the us flag.. And we will be their quickly ;)

Whats your thought Crowder?! Get louder! :D
~JB.
White shirt dude has no idea what hes talking about
lol this guy doesn't want a wall but he wants them to be chipped, tracked, and check points everywhere. Doesn't believe in borders but wants a whole police state in America- but without borders which basically means: take over Mexico so they can have their electronic permission slip before entering the "x ray border". This guy make absolutely no sense.
Are you a Trump Suporter Steven?
She wants no wall so the drugs can still get in.
I just think its a waste of money, it won't stop much from coming in anyways. There has to be a better way.
I really hope that lady is safe and and those people have been deported and sentenced
The only reason why I am against the wall is because of the animal especies that migrate from Mxico to the usa annually. But i, as a mexican do believe illegal migration is to be stopped, without racism, agression, etc... You can't stop violations to the law with more violations to the law or rights.
X-ray border... So everyone from another country already has a chip implanted in them so we can conveniently track them. Where do I start?
This dude is pretty much asking for big brother in order to secure the borders.
I'm Mexican. build the wall; buld a fucking glass dome around your country if you want to... with your money, of course.
That 2nd guy lives in a fantasy world from building an xray wall, to traveling faster then planes in the next 5 years.
StevenCrowder you should make a video titled : Reinstate Slavery Change My Mind you fuckin racist whip lashing crackah
i really wish someone with a brain would have sat down and actually had competent ideas not just excuses and opinions, no knowledge of facts, i wish i could host my own, my first one would be, "backyard chickens/roosters" should be banned- change my mind LOL (I have this exact issue, in the suburbs and the local codes haven't been updated in centuries, FML)
X Ray border lol
Illegal  immigrants for the most part are a bi product of washington foreign policy mainly regime change of all these countries .. fix that first
Yes, illegal immigration has been a problem and I support enforcing our borders. But building a wall is only going to further add to the national debt and create a market for really tall ladders.
Build the wall who else will make our cheap Wal Mart things. American companies sent the factories to China, Mexico etc. Pass the Nafta then militarized the border what a timing right. The U.S. consumes the most drugs and the cartels get all the guns most of the time from the U.S. The U.S has overthrown governments by force and supported it. The American Indians should have built a wall.  Go ask them!
The guy who can barely think wants to be governor... sounds like a plan.
LEEEEROY JACK-ASS!
he hurt my brain! wow... smh
dude should've prayed for a sinkhole beneath him!
make money off of them? 
5:07 i cant believe it hahahahahah
Imma be the govener and scientifical is a word
The big misunderstandings lie in what the people want who want the wall, or stricter border security. It isn't that they DON'T welcome immigrants. They just want them to come here legally. Do it the right way, pay taxes like those of us who live here, and don't milk a system that we built.

The misdirection applied by the left is to avoid logical and procedural discussions (because they don't have an argument there), and make it emotional.

"So you're for splitting up families?" No, but I am for punishing criminals. Illegal immigrants are just that - illegal. If that results in a dad being separated from his kids, well that's no different than a guy who robs a convenience store and goes to prison, therefore missing out on his kids growing up. Stop calling it "undocumented immigrants" like it's a clerical error.

"But he just wanted to be here to make a better life for his kids. How is that a crime?" Wanting to do that isn't a crime. Finding an illegal way to do it is a crime. Laws and emotions are completely separate things, and emotions have no business dictating law. Law is meant to be impartial while emotions are 100% partial. If they want to make a better life for their kids, then work hard for it like those of us who are parents here have to. Keep a clean record and come here legally. There will be opportunity.

Americans are PRO immigration. Innovation and competition come from immigration. But we also believe you should abide by the same laws, taxes, and competition as the rest of us.
Wow. Just wow
Holy crap was he retarted
"Tag them with Id tags that tracks where they go" - Funny he is worried about the human rights of criminal aliens. Yet has no issue and even recommends tagging them with electric id tags and tracking them (Like your household  pets RFID tag) Something right out of Adolph Hitlers NAZI Germany or Stalin's Communist Russia.  < This is what 25 years of Democrat backed, Union controlled public school teachers have been doing while you were too busy worrying wars in the middle east, your retirement and keeping a roof over your kids heads. Please folks, Get involved with your local schools.
"Id have to get a few mastermind individualizes" and "get an Xray laser scanner thing" = == I'm in over my head,  i know nothing about what we are talking about other then i am suppose to say i dont like border walls, Like the main stream media tells me every day. Manufactured outrage. Works every time!
Hummm just tax every one that comes in... umm who is going to pay that? If places like Mexico had money their citizens wouldn't be living in poverty fleeing for America. The Mexican people are to blame for their countries misfortune. No one else. They chose to allow their governments and cartels to disarm and enslave them over the last century. An here is why people are so anti illegal - You come here illegally, find a way to stay. Then end up voting for the same type of liberal, "promise you everything free" politicians that run your country into the ground. Just look at the major cities illegals flee to. They are all broke, bankrupt, overloaded with homeless, crime ridden drug infested shit holes. An who are their politicians? Liberal democrats.. like the ones i mention above. Promising everything free and telling you that you "deserve something". Mean time i have been engaged to a Filipina for 4 years, 2 1/2 of which we have spent waiting and trying to get through the line of getting her here LEGALLY! We both believe using "fiance visa" is wrong and leads to marrying someone you because you "Have to".
That guy is a fucking moron.  No borders, just a star trek x-ray scanner that scans people  as they traverse the desert. What a dumb shit
 omg that bitch
My mind has been changed by simple logic that the first girl brought up. Good on her.
That woman has a plant in her drink
The wall would cost a fuckload of money
Wish I could find u and have a talk! Im an independent and we agree and disagree on many things itd be a great conversation
I covered my eyes and cringed when the dude from new mexico starting speaking about x-ray borders with ID tags.
This nigga so dumb wants an X-ray border
He said he wants to be governor of new Mexico. If he is a representive of new Mexico.... God help them people!!
Stupid video.

You dont open your mind so people can change your mind.

You only want to reaffirm your opinion.

You dont have to change your mind, but let other people speak and shut the fuck up and LISTEN for once.
The US played a big role in helping tear down the Berlin Wall so why would we repeat history and build one here at home
What source is the "they commit 37% of the homicides" comment from? I've been trying to fact check but haven't had Amy luck. *I only want the source, not trying to argue any position.
I am not an American but i do love build the wall policy. Because my state is sandwich between two countries and the problem we face is illegal immigrants and illegal guns, drug( like meth and heroin)  and gold smuggling are our problems. But the govt started to do some fencing at the borders and i really supported to it. It is not like building a Berlin Wall where you cant cross it. If you are legally want to cross the border you can cross it. But you have to go through some check points where the border force guarded the points. The only thing is not all the borders have fence.
I'm Spanish... Yeah he doesn't look like a Spaniard and he sounds like a Mexican American cholo, all he needs to do is say holmes.
Personally, I believe the world is  divided enough. I understand territories, provinces, countries but this world inhabits us PEOPLE. People are the same and this planet belongs to all of us. It's our job to nurture it the way that it has nurtured us. 

Also, everybody having chips sounds cool, but there will be no such thing as privacy at that point.

World council anyone?
Send dem Mexican rapist back lmao.
I think the guy with the camera is literally retarded. Hes one of these people that talks just to hear their own voice.
reads title

Oh this'll be fun
I'm disappointed that you'd want the wall built. From the videos I've seen, you base your beliefs in logic, yet you can't see that the "wall" is no more than a symbol used to incite an inflammatory effect. The notion of a physical wall symbolizes safety and protection. Houses have walls for shelter the same way a castle has outer walls to keep away intruders. Well, to a person inside those walls, the provider of the walls (in this case, Trump, as it was a move on behalf of his presidential campaign) is viewed as a provider of protection and safety. However, it does demonize all people trying to immigrate legally or illegally. A better use for not only the funds that would be necessary to build a physical wall but the energy it incites in people with heavy preconceptions would be a more effective immigration infrastructure. Sadly, something that necessary is also immensely complicated and doesn't sound so sexy in a hate-chant. It just doesn't sell as well  as "Build that Wall!"
I believe many people migrate to the United States from other countries illegally because of the poverty from there native countries or the harsh living conditions they might be having to face in there countries. For example lots of people pro building the wall like to target Mexican people. But in reality they are not the only illegal immigrants in the US. And many people argue that Mexicans bring a lot of drugs into the US. But if we actually look at the history of drug smugglers. Peru and Columbia were really the ones making mass amounts of drug money. And they were smuggling the drugs by plane, boats and other forms of trafficking. So how much will building a wall really protect the smuggling of drugs if that wasnt even there preferred choice of drug smuggling? Also before when weed was considered an illegal drug that people would get convicted many years in jail for selling. Which now is taxable and is being legalized through out the US. This makes me question whether the US can claim anything to be legalized as long as they can make money of the product. Such as weed or cigarettes or alcohol. We all know all those things are also bad for your health and are addicting but as long as Uncle Sam gets his cut it can be legalized. But back to the original point is considering why are there so many illegal immigrants? And it all goes back to the same thing. Everyone regardless of where you are from believe in the American Dream. And they come to this country in hopes of having a new begging and prospering for there family. And many immigrants do try to legalize there status here in the US are denied by the thousands and thousands every year. Being an illegal immigrant in this country brings obstacles that they have to deal with everyday that a legalized person will not face. So many the real problem is not the illegal immigrants but the standards that are set in place as to who qualifies to be legalized. Perhaps if they allowed more people the opportunity to be legalized in the US as the second guy mentioned the US could profit of the work they already are taking here and have them pay taxes and have more opportunities for the illegal immigrants as well. Another factor is a lot of illegal immigrants are also in fear of being denied and then deported back to there country and being ripped apart from there family here in the US. Many people in other countries are so poor that even there parents force them into prostitution as children like in China for example. Other people are scared to be killed by Narcos like in Mexico. Other people are scared of dictators like in Cuba. The reality is that the majority of people that come to this country come in hopes of a new life. And America was founded on immigrants. When Christopher Columbus found the Americans he paved the path for European exploration. When Europeans came to this country and killed all the Native Americans and the ones they didnt kill they rapped. They didnt come here with permission from the Native Americans. They didnt get a visa or a green card. They too came as illegal immigrants. The truth is unless you are Native American someone in your ancestry came here as an illegal immigrant at some point and because of them you can know live a better life with more rights than in many other countries.
These anti-wall people are a stupid! An x-ray border, New Mexico is a sanctuary city, I could'nt do that job of interviewing these Hispanic mental giants.
Fun video I found today, not sure if you've seen it but it gave me a giggle. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2u4Vlgr2iHs
IQ 3,000
Shame shoe shame Gowder he is to low iq to interview
I live on the boarder and I would be able to see the wall if I would stand on my roof.  So I'm against the damn wall but I would rather have then use all that money for more security like cameras, drones and just man power or whatever but not a freaking wall
There is already a friggen wall!, where was this shit being piled on Obama supporters?
I feel bad because that guy was nice and had some cool ideas, but they were way too far fetched
Are there no basic questions about the logistics of building a physical wall? There is already a wall there, it just couldn't be finished because it became stupidly expensive and made lots of problems with claims to the land its built on. Drug cartels are resourceful, build them a wall and they buy planes, dig tunnels, catapults and invest in better mules. If you didn't build a wall, you could invest that money into supporting mexican anti-cartell efforts. Maybe you could invest in outreach programs in mexico, try and offer mexican youth better jobs in mexico. There's a big trade war going on with china, maybe you could build factories in mexico to produce the same crap china did?
Trash hes not interviewing well informed ppl
Where r those statistics need them
When I am older, I want to move to the USA from the UK and I go to an selective grammar school, I get good grades and I want to follow in a career in Chemistry while studying music production. It just makes me sad because the wait period is so long and everything!
The first girl was actually retarded
2nd guy is an uneducated mutt
LoL
Haha. I like this Spanish kids futuristic x-ray border plan.  Haha.
That guy is a complete idiot.
I'm a democrat but this is some good shit. He's really smart and I appreciate what he's doing, normalizing respectful and peaceful debates like this
The best way to stop illegal immigration is allowing people to become U.S citizens easier lol. Simple. A wall costs too much money and is ridiculous.
new rule nobody can leave
Its a shame the lady couldnt do her change my mind unedited. I get why of course, but she seemed an intelligent women. The dude seemed straight up dumb as fuck.
"How do you report these people" *Mexican lady 
"Called ICE" 
steven
I died haha
Does he mean we should build a wall? Or shouldn't cause we shouldn't because just wait until someone like Mao or stalin with the iron curtain comes in it might be a good idea now until that person comes into office
But I do think we should have better border control
Fucking beaners come here and think they better than Americans I have worked with some before they all think they hard core tough and gangster I say to them why you come here why not stay and make it better then they talk shit then I slap the shit out of them beaners back over the wall they are very disrespectful to veterans
The face at the end says it all
all these ppl are arguing emotionally
what was Leroys last name I want to find this dude
the short strait Mexican with the camera is killing me he wants to talk but knows jack shit wtf is this dude doing hes worth less than a illegal Mexican I would trade him any day for any illegal Mexican
Why do they pick the dumbest Hispanic  and interview him?
Building a wall would just minimize Mexican illegals but It won't stop illegals what people don't realize is that many come legally and when their visa expire they chose to stay as illegals because it's such a hassle to renew a visa.
What about those working under the table, tax free. Sending it back to Mexico, claiming ten relatives and the family pet for the tax credits.
What soes he think about the millions of illegals on welfare, using tax dollars, not paying them.
So the solution for illegal drugs is to let them flow in unhindered. No thanks. Europe sid that to China as a way to enslave them.
So this guy thinks we can tag everyone. If they won't come through ports of entry,  what makes him think they will  allow themselves to be tagged.
X-ray borders 
Your face at the end discribed it perfectly
All lives matter change my mind  much love from the UK keep up the great work 
I wonder if the new leftists Mexican President will dismantle the southern wall.
Eh I say build it
His Spanish family from SPAIN, has been in NEW MEXICO since the 1500's...... Bruh
DOESNT MATTER IF THEY DONT BRING DRUGS OR NOT  THEY CAME ILLEGALLY  if they came legally thered be no problem
The best argument against democracy is a five-minute conversation with the average voter. 
steven : "so ur against illegal immigration " 
woman: " no but i dont wAnT tHeM To BuIlD a WaLl
Personally I think stricter air control and more federal funding to the border control would do more than a wall would do. Most illegals come here via airplane or overstay on their visas so a wall is just a waste of time and money.
Wow so this dude essentially wants to microchip people. Let's do it.
"im one day planning to be the gouvernour of new mexico [...]"
He doesn't even get a fucking sentence straight and talks about implant chips into people,  like dogs who tend to run away, so they dont have to cross an actual border.. wtf
With all love and respect...Steven deflects the bigger picture just as Leroy was making a connection
Lets build an "X-Ray" border and implant all potential immigrants a chip so the fucking border recognizes that you crossed it. 
Yeah lets just pay for taking south americans to their local vet and get that shit implanted in every one of them...
Oh and better make an fancy app for it in which you can state the reason of you crossing and post some nice edgy foreign memes..





Thats some fucking Holocaust softcore version right here
The guy he interviewed was really talking out his ass wtf
What an idiot can he even speak English?
I liked this niggas videos but this shit is retarded dont do this shit
Crowder for president
If this guy is pro-Trump, how come is he wearing a shirt of a foreign arms manufacturer? If you like those shirts better start stacking them up before Trump places tariffs on garments too.
I've never heard a coherent argument against the wall, and was hoping this Change My Mind segment would rectify that. To put it politely, let's just say... that definitely did not happen.
What exactly happened? Lol my mind just broke
BrownPride can't stop us won't stop us we're taking over 
how would you know what percentage of illegals there are in the country if they're undocumented
I'm a mexican, living in mexico. I Never had the necessity to emigrate out of my own country,  and honestly I don't think americans should be dealing with mexicans that prefer to leave their own country instead of doing something to improve their own lives! I used to earn 1400 pesos per week, and I started to study english in order to improve my own life and I'm earning 2400 pesos per week, which may not be a fortune, but It's enough to have a decent life.
The second guy autistic?
Watch the Adam ruins everything on the wall it might change your mind
This was painful.  Crowder has the patience of a saint.  Leroy was something special
Not a lot, maybe a couple  just tag them, give them a social and tax them after you X-ray them... somebody is confusing sci-fi movies and reality  wow just wow...
An x ray border. Where every immigrant is tagged. And has a written excuse
That second guy was all over the place, like 39 Red Bulls and a pound of pixie sticks all over the place
Does anyone know where he found the statistics about 3% make up 37% of the murders
The US stole the south-west from Mexico in the first place. How do you presume to exclude Mexicans from reclaiming their property rights!
The guy is such an idiot. Please someone deport him
White shirt has way too much faith in illegal immigrants and smoked a little bit too much weed-a.
I just wish you found someone informed. Its like speaking to children
The wall wouldn`t do anything it would be huge waste of money it would take  years to completely build it and it is a fact the wall would be insufficient. I do agree there should be stricter on the people who bring drugs but should let those who will work here and would not do crimes
That second guy is a total embarrassment to New Mexico. Unfortunately there are a lot of stupid people like him that live here.
Maybe you could could have like an X-Ray and scan everybody and track em all, yknow? -dude Yeah! Or like a Unicorn! -Crowder yeah! Exactly! Like, some kind of magic way to solve this. I dont have the idea fully formulated yet. Ill have to talk to some scientists -dude
"Im spanish... my family has been in New Mexico since 1550 or whatever." You, know. Considering that what is now new mexico had not been colonized my Americans until the enactment of the Northwest Ordinance of 1787... I have a feeling hes lying
the second guy omg i'm cringing so hard i had to stop watching
A nation that cannot control its borders is not a nation. That being said wont ms13 and drug cartels find other ways into the country?
Its so easy to show these people the truth and put them on the right path they're ignorant but its not they're fault  extremists from the far-left those peple can't be changed they're minds are corrupted
its pretty funny how almost every leftists believe that the wall is bad, even though they would agree to deport criminals, just because it was Trump's idea. They completely skipped the logical thinking process part, and goes straight to their bias/emotions.
Trump and his administration are already building a better wall. It is going to cost us trillions, but in return we will keep more money in our country. Every illegal immigrant is sending their money home. They can't keep it here, because they could be deported any day. They can't even open a bank account, and I really find it distrurbing that legal immigrants don't understand how an economy works. Marijuana being legal, would cut down on alot of trafficking, but at the same time, other drugs are still going to be sought after. If you disagree with a liberal on any topic, they get angry and defensive. It is hard to persuade someone who is never going to accept their president because they lost in an election.
his face at the end!!!! love your videos man!
I'm not Mexican i'm Spanish. Nah bro. You don't look like any Spanish people i've seen.
What if someone cuts out ur tracker chip and sabatouges it
With America's already crumbling infrastructure I think It would be a waste of money to spend billions of dollars on a wall. Illegals come in in all ways from tunnels swimming being stuffed in dash boards. The boarder goes over mounting ranges rivers you name it. You build a 30 foot wall they'll make 31 foot ladders. I guess I'm saying is I disagree that a wall would stop people from illegally entering the US.
This dude is Spanish?  And he has that accent?  And his family came in the 1500's? WTF.  He doesn't look Spanish to me!
Immigrants should be granted a social security number and taxed - and they must gain W2 employment or 1099 - no cash work.  There should be an accelerated program of say 2 years to provisional citizenship - and they should have to pass an English test, and US History Test, and swear allegiance to the USA. But provisional.  Any felony committed, and they would lose this provisional status and be deported.  After 2 years of provisional citizenship, they would be made full citizens.  And in addition, I do not think they should be able to vote after becoming legal for at least 4 years.  This does several things that could 1) spurn the practice of these people being taken advantage of and also not paying taxes  2) create an easier path to citizenship 3) ensure immigrants aren't being used as political pawns.
Bunch of hyperemotional idiots. There's nothing wrong in enforcing your problems. The wall would save the US so much money. The price would be a fraction of what illegal immigration costs the taxpayer in a year. It's a smart, long time investment.
i know you cant really see it but its kinda funny her face was blurred but her photo id tag wasnt
So how do you intertwine the wall- idea on immigrants coming in via plain? Build a net...?
Should every country with intergration- problems build a freakin wall as well? How would the world look like? Remember the chinese? 
OR should we maye, just maybe look at how to improve the integration- system?
I would appreciate if you left stupid town. This people can't even form a sentence. I get it some have heavy accents because their main language is different from English, but the second guy is just borderline pun intended stupid.
Wants to be governor, can't formulate simple thoughts...
He should debate with Jaclyn Glenn
Do a Trump should be re-elected, change my mind.
The Mexican dude is on some Star Wars technology type shit 
Hi, leftist here. Im not as informed about this as I could be. But from what I gather, the reason that makes the most sense to me is it costs a shit ton of money. Im not for illegal immigration. Whats another solution - I dont know. More border security I guess.
DatabaseUH
I feel like these people don't seem to realize that the wall WILL STILL have checkpoints to come in from and go into Mexico, they're not going to brick over those parts.
don't hate trump yet change my mind
These can be painful to watch Steven Crowder.
That look at the end killed me 
The second guy seemed overly optimistic about the lack of a border and perhaps poorly informed about what this system would entail, but at the same time I can respect that he's got the best interests (as he sees them) of the community at heart. That and he was completely respectful and even enthusiastic. Refreshing to see
LEEEEEEEEE ROYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You know immigrants come to the USA for a better life. And y'alls reasoning why immigrants are not fair is because we don't pay taxes. That could easily change if someone just makes a law that makes every property, store, job, etc. As a tax included. But of course people like Trump will come out with another idea of why illegals are bad for the USA. For my understanding most illegal workers are payed way less than an USA citizen when working in fields, in my opinion that says a lot
Leeroy is a complete clueless fool
Everyone go to your own country,  where you belong. America has a problem of increasing unemployment rate. Still dumb Americans support the illegal or legal immigrants.. LMAO
Remember, feelings for tribe, race will never end in this world. Wake up dumb Americans.
Waste of money it would best be put into education and also with a wall it would be 10x easier to jump
Lmao first one is all over the place
That second guy sounded stupid!! Im Mexican living in the United States and honestly I definitely think we need a wall as well as immigration reform. Like new people coming in illegally create problems for us that are trying to live our lives.
Ya they bring drugs I dont like those choice of words, he made it sound like it was everyone in general
Wow, the x-ray guy is a tard!
i work hard...harder than about 75% of people who believe they work hard...as a citizen of the USA, i see no extra help to pay medical or financial assistance if i asked money from our gov't...which i do not...i must prove beyond the shadow of a doubt that i may need gov't assistance...i know of a document that our gov't paid an immigrant to come here and start a business...lot's of money...it's sad for me and OPEN EYED Americans to swallow...and if you disagree with me we can expect that you are a fascist who does not see the big picture but just your here and now pathetic needs...if this is you i really want to hear you change my mind!
Would the X-ray boarder cost more than the wall? ctfu
As a Mexican I agree the US have the right to build a wall. With their own money, though. Maybe it could be crowdfunding project.
The Spanish dude said no border and his suggestion was x-ray ID tags  or them basically wearing ID like the Jews Star of David.
I like what that guy said about taxing them to get rid of illegal immigration. Maybe fining Mexicans or even Mexico every time they are caught with out legal papers. I do think that, especially when we can vet people,  immigration should be as quick and easy a process as possible. Right now it costs thousands and takes over 10 years to be a citizen. Ridiculous.
How many people were actually interviewed?  How many , with good points, were left out of the interview?
Steven crowder for president? 1 like 1 vote
Can someone comment a legit argument against it please
Send these lame worthless taco eatin gangmembers
My gosh. I really really wish you had blocked this woman's complete body for her own safety. From the sounds of it, she would have to worry if they found out she was saying something. The clothes and purse can be easy to identify people plus her actual voice. Smh 
:( as a 1st generation Mexican American believe me, she has to worry if they recognise her.
Lol...you should have stopped the debate before he made a complete idiot of himself....Lol.... That was sad to watch.....especially when he said he is planning on running for Governor one day.......SMFH...
fucking xray lazer scanner

GOOD IDEA
That Spanish nigga sound so uneducated..pfff.
If you allow people to carry firearms, and if theres no welfare state, you dont need a border. And thats good because immigration provides competition in the labour market.
100% of illegal immigrants have committed a crime.
Leeroy was all over the fucking place.
Could you do this topic but on a college campus? Or with more educated people? These people were off putting lol.
I have a idea, we tax all packages, mail, and money grams, and banking transfers to Mexico 50%.. could be wrong about it but sounds good to me..
I love that the people were like screw the wall and not even making a argument lol.. Makes people that are pro illegals look really smart... 
X-ray scanner
Mexican-American here. I really don't care, all this talk about the wall and I haven't heard or seen anything go up besides prototypes. So when is it going up trump supporters?
I'm just gonna be straight up honest, the wall is completely useless. You think a wall will stop or slow down the crossings of such criminals or illegals? The idea does not bother me since I don't stand by illegal immigration. However, the wall to me sounds like a complete money waste knowing crossing ON land isn't the only way this happens.
Personally, I don't think a wall would work that well. The U.S. and Mexico border is very large and would cost a lot of money to build it, keep it up, and employing all the security to monitor the wall. I would like to see more focus on getting the illegal immigrants already in the U.S. out. Though is anyone has any examples of a wall succeeding in doing it's job, then please tell me.
The Hispanic woman is fucking retarded
He is for freedom but wants a wall around the country, brilliant
If you want to build a wall with private land and $ go for it. But if you want to use theft/taxation to pay for a big government program you're not really a conservative.
So, we all just get RFID implants, and get scanned by robots as we cross the borders (that no longer exist)... did I get that right? Do I need the tag to participate in society: buy food, drive, etc? Hmn, where have I heard a similar story before....?
That hispanic dude is like a retarded argument generator
Just... Wow
That spanish guy was dumb af... Dont have boarders or walls but Id people with an x ray electronic Id tag that scans you and monitors where you go in the area...... Thats like something out of a sci fi movie. He would rather get chipped and tracked then just secure boarders with regulations or putting up walls. wth....
Why build the wall? America will spend a lot ass of money, think about maintenance too. And mexicans still will go to the us.
That face at the end  Oh Leroy... you sweet idiot
That face at the end  Oh Leroy... you sweet idiot
This kids a moron and he wants to be the governor of New Mexico lol
Bring on the wall!! Best thing ever. People are sheep and brainwashed, they only go along with what they've been told through constant social propaganda. They can't even explain their reasons without sounding stupid.
10:25 Stevens' face expression when he said "X-ray scanner" Haha
build the wall but not build phisical wall? the title is misleading
As a Mexican-America. I believe the wall is a dumb idea because not only will it create a bigger problem than what it is now. There is no stopping those who are willing to sacrifice anything to get to America. And I also agree with that spanish dude, technology will just advance and so will people. I say, let Trump build the wall. Time will only tell what really is going to happen.
Lets keep it old school and build a wall. It will work and it will be tremendous believe me.
And if you think a wall will stop immigrants that  come from South America like el salvador and Ecuador ect that have walked and jumped on trains for thousands of miles just to get away from the horrible crime that is happening in their country and to make money to support their family then you are wrong my friend. They will do whatever it takes to try and cross. Even if they have to go on a boat and cross through sea
A wall will never work because drug smugglers are finding new ways to bring drugs in. El chapo drug cartel brought all their drugs through underground tunnels so I don't see how the wall would even protect us. The cartel will do anything to bring in drugs. You can fly over a wall btw lol cant put a wall in the sea so you can snuggle drugs through that lol a wall is a waste of money to be honest. Just get more patrols and train them better. Bring in better equipment to track them down with radar or night vision or whatever, use drones. Whatever honestly. I think all those are way better options then a stupid wall
37% of murders are created by immigrants?? Hahaha where the fuck did you get that false statistics??
That man is on one lol
God that guy was stupid
Its amazing that the system for becoming a USA resident has been the same over the last 80yrs or more I dont even know but until all the fake News stories were published by CNN and others now people want to say something bad about,Yes wait for it Our President Donald Trump....Thank God for Him!!!!
omg, the guy with the show literally described every policy we currently have in place for gaining citizenship and topped it of with "make them" srsly? scares me this guy is voting
tax illegal immigrants? good luck getting them to give up no taxes and free healthcare
Well I agree with the wall because its not like all Mexicans cant enter to the USA. The only ones who cant enter are the ones without papers. But i disagree with us Mexicans having to pay for that wall
Got to get me one of those xray scanners 
That face when you ask yourself about wtf you just sat through
The second guy was hopped up on something.
Second guy has no clue. Keep it simple and build a wall while minimizing the amount of illegal entry. And deport all the ones that are already here illegally with a ten year reentry ban.
Republican but I don't want the wall since Coyotes and other smugglers will still find ways around and only get more customers, and it could cause some environmental issues. But I do agree with enforcing and increasing border and immigration control.
that x-ray idea is solid, why didn't I think of that.
I don't agree with building the wall, many illegal immigrants work in Amercia and contrbute, just very harshly punish and jail the ones who dont work or who commit crimes.
That guy is living in a sci-fi fantasy world where everyone has electronic identification and can go wherever they want as long as they have their skull chips lmao
I feel like by building a wall its aimed at Mexican/Latinos. Its doesnt really solve it I go deported and was in a detention center there was a lot of nationalities. Russia, India, Ukraine Africa, even the uk. Some came illegally some legal. Dont know where I went with this
Signing up for welfare and then sending all the money you make off the booksworking back across the border doesn't sound like a good tax policy
A x-ray scanner to what the? Was that guy on drugs?
path to citizenship and join us in america boyz. we love all colors and creeds. we hate freeloaders.
Where is this guy getting his stats from? Most illegals are just hard working, and don't do any more crime than a regular citizen. I know he wants to believe brown skinned people are worse but it's not truth
Even a fence spanning the border is costly and ineffective. Private property, waterways, and even towns sit on the border itself and a wall/barrier itself is not enough toprevent immigration.You may think it could at leastlimit the areas needing patrolled, butyou need people along the wall securing it from being tampered with and worked around. The cost of a wall the likes of which Trump or his ilk boast they will buildwould be astronomical, and still would likely not be effective. The most likely scenario is billions of taxpayers dollars sunk into a partially completed construction zone along the border. Anyone thinking a foreign country is going to pay for the wall is just simply delusional.

I am not for open borders. I am not for illegal immigration. I am not even a liberal. I am for finding a solution that is feasible, effective,and affordable. That solution is not a wall. Change my mind.

Engineer, fiscal conservative,social libertarian/moderate. Fully independent.
She was never heard from again...
Regardless on your position on illegal immigration in the USA hitting an already hurt economy with a 16 billion dollar wall that will be ineffective is not a good idea. Also most people arent aware that the majority of illegal immigrants come from Asia.
Well, China built the great wall.....why can't the U.S have one?
Now, I'm Mexican. I used to live in the US(legally). So obviously a lot of the comments made by Trump hit a little close to home. The problem isn't a wall. There's already a big fence. Security is high. The problem is immigrants overstaying their tourist visas. Border security should be improved and increased. But also, immigration officers need not treat those crossing with such disdain. 

The US has every right to protect its borders to whatever extent it desires. The only problem I see is a better attitude towards people.
There should be a cash award for getting illegals deported....... If there isn't one already
I think that guy has been using some of those drugs coming across.
Lmao to the face you made at the end! Dude was all over the place with this topic. I can agree on a wall but I believe the system is flawed to get a citizenship that takes alot of time and money to make happen. If a wall is to be built at least work on the process for citizenship.
The Cia bring in the drugs trump blames Mexicans for smuggling drugs but the cia has always been open with the cartel since the 80's dont believe me its actually documented and many CIA workers were either arrested or just killed! mexican makes the drugs but us americans love it!
This honestly wasted my time , cause that idiot was talking the whole time about a fairly tail
Have you ever changed your mind on change your mind? Peterson spoke with Jefferies and Jefferies managed to changed his mind with one strong argument. Im not sure if you are actively trying to learn or if you are pushing your agenda on your channel. Ive watched a bunch of these and have yet to see you waiver on a topic.
I've said a million times. My teeny tiny Austrian grandma, came to America on a boat, alone, through Ellis island. Learned English, Worked hard. Refused government hand outs. Became a citizen. Sponsored her mother, sister &  brother, all whom did the same. Also my father's grandparents came here on a boat, from Sicily. Through Ellis island, learned English, worked hard. Never took governmemt assistance became citizens. The story is old. My ancestors had NO MONEY.  They were called WOPS, MICKS, KRAUTS, GUINEAS. ETC. 
So. Why should ILLEGALS have my support? They don't even have my respect. I detest what they symbolize. Don't tell me we are all immigrants. I only stand with LEGAL IMMIGRATION.
that spanish dude seems like hes flying high in the sky on something
The second participant just makes shit up as the talk goes on. No substance and just running their mouth for the sake of running their mouth and these people usually the loudest.
13:17 "what the fuck just happened" lol
That guy is into some hardcore utopic sci-fi shit.
I had a discussion with someone about illegal immigration, and they used the point that America has ruined other countries through war and just because they wanted to, and that why cant blame people for coming to our country illegally. I wasnt sure how to reply to that other than saying Theyre welcome, but legally. Any advice anyone?
People are still going to get in the country either way so why waste peoples tax money. Does he have a video on the prison system cause tax money is wasted there
Is Steven a Trump Supporter or anything ?
I don't understand how you can defend a physical wall to be the "final solution" to illegal immigration. America has very long coasts. Boats is a thing. just look at Europe. Also the thing about immigrants beeing more prone to going into illegal occupations is more so about them living outisde of the system? there can't be a whole lot of options for someone who's forced to live outside the system right? hard to imagine a wall solving any major problems of any kind in the long run.
Very strange sound he makes it the end of some of his words uh... Anyone else notice uh?
a wal would disturb the ecosystem in that envoirement, and it would nature in smaler paches. this could mean more insest in nature and less comunication in nature
I was under the impression that most of drugs were brought in by either air or sea. And of the percentage that is brought in by land. How much of it is actually brought over the border outside of the border stations and tunnels?
That spanish dude is ignorant as fuck. Like 5 to 10 years there wont be any borders and travel will be cheap and efficient? Lol I've never heard such a great joke in my 28 years of life. That dude made me cringe super hard as well
I agree with a new reform, but the wall will add more debt to the US. In reality I believe the wall and reform wont work and will waste on a lot of money. It wont work.
people come seeking asylum which is there right
So basically we should not build a wall because it will be harder for other to smuggle in and suck all the milk from America
The way you looked at the camera
Ye I agree for the wall but America needs to be able to pay not Mexico
The wall is a waste of time and money people will dig holes under or break it and immigrants do most of work in America I just wonder a US without immigrants pretty bad. The Americans would be jumping the border to the other side instead 
I do agree with legal immigration but...Walls have shown historically to not work and would be a huge waste of money.
This is the only video that I dont agree with
what if we promise to build a wall with a revolving door which only works with LEGAL DOCUMENTS?
First of all he says he's "Spanish" but not Mexican cause his family has been in New Mexico since the 1550's (WTF New Mexico was Mexico in the 1550's)? Secondly he is all for an X-Ray border that will tag people and track them (yeah that sounds extremely expensive and i don't think our technology is that advanced). Jesus Christ this guy is an idiot. Also in the future he wants to be the governor in New Mexico. SMH Am sorry but we truly have some stupid people that have no business talking politics cause they don't even know their own history. LOL
Build the wall!!! Want in? Do it legally!
The mexican with a white t shirt is so fukin dumb.
Build the wall please
Leeroy will most likely get the vote for governor. Lmao.
Fans of Steven understand why he sits the way he sits, speaks the way he speaks, and gestures the way he gestures. All this is done because he's been professionally trained to assert dominance in a  conversation and thus instilling a sense of "I'm wrong, what should I do?" panic-like behavior from his debating opponents.
"im not Mexican, you know my family been down there since like the 1500's" at 5:20 really heart my brain.
Tf she saying
If that guy runs for governor of New Mexico, Ill move and change my state of residency to vote for the other candidate. Ho. Ly. Shit.
10:55 scientificle  XD
The problem here is that they are discussing immigration and not the wall itself.
Man, that second interviewee was almost completely unintelligible. His logic was so off-kilter, I'm starting to think a comprehension and debate test should be mandatory for people who desire citizenship. How can we even hope to have an informed and educated voter base with people like that.
Build the wall.
I live near the border.. at least in this area in Calexico California they are adding or upgrading a point of entry. They are adding a fence not a wall, I wonder if this is what is going to be across the border and not a wall.It's a lot nicer than the sheet metal fence they had before at that location. Also tunnels are always being found .
Theyre just gonna find a way around it what a fucking waste of money
What surprised me the most is how ignorant and naive college people are and how indoctrinated with BS they are!
Seeing as how you yourself have become a citizen legally, why not mention how long it takes and how much money is actually required  to do so. I moved to the stats when I was 14 but since my mother was American it was relatively easy to change citizenships. My father on the other hand, it took him 6+ish years and above $10k. Something people seem to leave out quiet often imo.
How do you keep them from walking around the checkpoint? "Well it would be an x-ray" 
I wish I could talk to this man, I could easily change his mind. Granted, hes nowhere near me
Just shoot the illegal invaders, its cheaper than a wall.
Building a Wall whould do Morris bad than good for the US
What is she saying?
this is totally unfair the way people are making Hispanics look is horrendous. have you ever seen a Mexican asking for money on the streets? no Are Mexicans killing people in the U.S? no We come here and work fucking hard. We pay for our taxes half of the white people in this country don't. Let's not forget how this country became the U.S.A, Europeans came and killed the natives who lived in the country before them Columbus didn't find the new world if I had already been found by native Americans first.
and another thing stop saying America is yours when its not do you own south America too there's bigger problems in the world Hispanics cant do anything wrong in this country or else they'll get deported we are in the hiding.
Enforcing the Mexican border is a good thing to do, and that ensures that MOST immigrants don't cross illegally. Sure, there's a small  percentage of people crossing over, but that's still a large number. And think about this: IF we we're to build a wall, think about how it will effect the economy. Sure, people might be well paid for building a wall, but also think about the amount of resources that is needed, the amount of food and water people need, the right materials needed to build, and think about this: most of our resources comes from China. MOST resources coming from China. And the amount of money needed to build the wall would probably be costly.
Leroy is insane
Hi Steven, I wish Id have a chance to try to change your mind, I would enjoy a civil discussion with you. I believe there should definitely be some kind of immigration reform, I think that while the wall sounds logical it could cause more problems than it would fix, namely its extraordinarily expensive, we have border fences/walls in place already that are a deterrent, and the actual physical border doesnt match property lines (so a wall would go through American citizens property). Im not sure what the best solution is, but asking an ally to fund a wall after making some racist remarks (theyre bringing drugs, theyre rapists) about them I feel is what made this discussion so controversial and why people are harassing you (not that I condone it). I think if we really want to deter illegal immigrants then we have to crack down on employers hiring illegal immigrants for extremely low wages. That might be more expensive for American citizens but so is building this wall and we can either have people here legally or we have to accept illegal people here if we want low wage labor.
Building the wall is the biggest waste of money. 
We should just reform the system with just passport requirement. If an immigrant breaks laws deport, or charge, serve time then deport.. 
come in without passport deport
While I do understand why some believe building a wall is the right thing, but the cost would be astronomical. 
The US would have to pay for the material, workforce, security, etc... But also, since the wall would be build in the wilderness, youd have to build roads too. And even before building it, the US would have to make sure it lives up to any laws concerning nature. 
And if it is built, then there is maintenance and staff costs too...

A wall might make a difference, but is it affordable?

I understand why they want a wall. Go for it. Im not American, so I couldnt possibly understand the issues 100%, but I find it very interesting that there are such an amount of illegal immigrants in the US. I highly doubt that would happen in the UK or Denmark or Germany...
I'm shocked by how unbelievably stupid that "Spanish" guy is. Holy fuck. He wants to be governor of New Mexico one day. How can people be this confident and dumb?
Obviously you're going to win debates if you talk to people that clearly have no idea how to even put their thoughts across. The idea of building a wall is still stupid as fuck and is only supported by delusional Trump fans. Plenty of countries in the world exist where migration isn't a serious problem and guess what, none of them have giant walls. Oh well, I guess the priorities with tax money are already fucked in the US, world's biggest military budget and you have people dying because they can't afford to call an ambulance lmao.
Please dont tell me you are supporting the wall idea.
HHmmm, instead of a physical wall, Leroy wants to have a demilitarized zone between Mexico and USA where life is hostile and after your body gets vaporized by the perpetual xrays, your identity is established. Leroy wants a Laser Fence.
Anyway, even if they increase security, immigrants are going to find a way to enter, I think.
Alot of the illegals that come are hsrd working but they also work the system as in terms of welfare. Most are marked as single income families yet have a spouse. The amount of money they put into taxes isnt even close to covering the amount that Americans spend on taking care of them. America also gives aid money annually to many countries. Many of those countries are the ones these people are leaving. Having more illegals IS NOT GOOD FOR AMERICAS ECONOMY.
that last guy, my god, crowder's face at the end speaks it all. I honestly lost it when it zoomed in because I've never seen a more honest, reaction to a chaotic stupid alignment character.
Well I mean i have nothing against better border protection, but just building a wall is hella impractical. Not my problem if it happens cause im dutch but I think that enhancing the legal pathway to citizenship is a good Alternative, and a zero tolerance policy with illegal immigrants but in a civil and respectful way shouldn't be a problem for me and I think for the rest of europe/the world. Maybe a more symbolic wall is better in my opinion
Me being born from parents that are illegal immigrants. I hate the fact of the wall. But i can understand the fact of the wall but i like the end result limiting or cutting the amount of people in America. If we have more people in the country that leads to poverty to the country. Also I hate it because the mindset of most people that support the wall. Thinking that all immigrants are drug dealers and rapist. When that is totally wrong. I have aunts and uncles that are illegal immigrants that have never done illegal drug or have never done something as bad as theft and murder ( they have got parking tickets or speeding tickets, is what I mean by someone bad). They are all hard working people.
The lady was very respectful and she was very nice
Deport the illegals!
The border between Mexico and U.S. isn't the only border. So why hate on Mexicanos if we are hard workers? And drug dealers and scum are in every race. Besides there is a wall up already, and that is not stopping those that over stay visas or cross illegally from the northern border. Spend that money on helping the war vets, or make sure children dont go without food or education. Secure all borders, so dont spend money on your over priced wall and spend it on personnel!
Build the x-ray gate for the future governor of New Mexico
Did any of them talk about supply and demand? cuz that's what one of the big problems with the wall is. Does it really prevent people from getting across? Did prohibition stop alcohol use?   The war on drugs is a failure for the same reasons. If you don't cut the demand there will always be some way to get the supply, be it tunnels, ladders, or boats
Ya build that wall and pick those avocados and fresh produce white boys hahahahhhaha. I think a metaphorical wall would be more feasible than rather a real wall to be built just to keep all the racists calm. It would cost too much money, it would take too much time, a lot of land this supposed wall would be built on is private land. And at the end of the day Mexicans are as ingenuitive as rednecks so soon enough theyll find a way around the wall. That wall would be useless. In other news an Honduran man was arrested in his house, the police found 34 stolen jobs in his garage.
Omg the end killed me xD
X-ray border?? This dude is high af on something lmao
Even if you're for the spirit of the wall, is it really practical? Is it going to be an impenetrable wall that spans the entire border, that people can't climb over, tunnel under, or otherwise get through? I guess I could be for it if it's not just a statement about illegal immigration that wastes billions of dollars.
You can still build the wall wont stop illegal immigration. America can have a fucking force field, robots with miniguns attached to them and still illegal immigrants will still come through. Give illegal immigrants props in actually crossing the border that shit looks tough and hard to do walking non stop in the desert, hiding from border patrol and still make it through clap clap clap
The 2nd dude was definately using meth
Build the fkin wall already. Why can't the US protect it boarders? why do latinos get so butt hurt. Work hard like us indians and stop crying.
that guy just said he wanted to tag and bag all mexicans so when they pass the x ray wall, we can charge them for it....
Well the wall doesn't just stop the illegal immigrants all together, there's underground tunnels that a lot of them come in from. I feel like the wall is better just for creating multiple different sorts of jobs. Sure, it will stop some people from coming in illegally, but not all. It could very well just end up being a big waste of money
This man said idk the scientifically used word but some type of X-ray thing
So a mark of the beast x-ray scanner.  That'll stop the illegals from coming in...oh, wait.... No, it will make it okay for everyone to come in illegally, only it won't be illegal.  Because the problem of course isn't that so many illegals are coming in, it's just that some of them may not pay taxes.  So, as long as they pay taxes, that'll get rid of all of the disproportionate crime committed by illegals.

So what the guy is actually saying is that he wants total and complete, open borders with no restrictions.  Rapists, drug dealers, sex traffickers, MS13, criminals of every sort -- they're all okay; it's only those would-be tax evaders we should be worried about.  Boy, that's some really sound leftist logic.
You can build the wall. But people are still going to come. I really dont care if they do Im already here lmfao. The wall is never going to get built just saying
what an interesting conversation; that guy has some interesting ideas.
You could've gotten shot up by a Mexican gang
Can we all just agree on that last guy:

It's absolutely terrifying to think that the government can track your whereabouts that closely. I am angry enough the track how and where I spend and make money through my SSN. I do not need a police state that can track me down. To which room in my house I'm in.
Govenor of New Mexico....? I hope he's going to gain about 40 IQ points by then.
My brain turned off at about four minutes. Wut
taxation is theft
honestly i think building a literal wall is a terrible idea, because you have to realize that much of the border is in very remote areas and the money and infrastructure required to build it would be astronomical and that money would be much better off being spent on other things such as road maint., building newer non fossil fuel power stations(please someone make a Liquid fluoride thorium reactor power station), and etc.

instead of the wall, support, fund, encourage local areas to start up volunteer based border patrols. pay local people watch their area of the border, with the commonality of drones, they can see so much more than a person on the ground, so some combination of that would be far more cost effective then a wall.
I like these not because of all the standpoints but just to show you people will have an opposite stance but have no way to counteract it they just know it may not be the most optimal solution/suggestion. Personally I dont think a wall should be built.
What about wild animals though? Animal habitats are already fragmented by roads and buildings. Are you going to issue them passports too? Increases in temperatures have led to shifts to higher latitudes in many animals as they move to escape the heat. what will they do once they reach the wall?
"One day, I plan on being the governor of New Mexico..."
Wow, clueless!!!
Even though white kids shoot up their schools
Steves wrong. 100% percent of the illegal immigrants are causing a crime
the guy he was talking too was literally just talking to talk he had no real views and was just making stuff up on the spot
sounds a lot like 1984 humm  an xray machine lol
thanks for the sunday belly laugh, it never gets old ever.
sounds like this guy brought some drugs with him to the interview! lol
These people are idiots
i have drank steven crowders cool aid and i like it!
oh my god the stupidity force is strong in this one...
Drugs-uh
An X ray gate  haha
Can I get the source for the murders the illegal immigrants  stands for?
Jeff's the real winner cuz he's in Canada with the prostitutes and didn't kiss their ass good you sticking their asses to court you know
yes it's true me and Jeffrey had a bisexual relationship a couple years back he's very good in bed but we don't talk because he likes prostitutes
too bad Nicole and Jeff's games than work she calls him every morning she does not like the orgies she can't get it up and she's not accepted
hello my name is James from Twitter I got a lot of money large inheritance I'm generous selfish and greedy with my money at the same time I'm into selling drugs stocks and bonds and other things I love my money
Im sorry, but if you think we should build a wall you are a fucking idiot. Crowder is NOT intelligent, and NOT an intellectual. Hes NOT stoic, and hes none of the things you think he is. He is a greedy conformist, and a racist. You are all his puppets. Hes a conformist alt-Reich piece of shit. Wake the fuck up people. You didnt wanna be brainwashed by the left? Because the right told you they would brainwash you...meanwhile they have successful done so with psychological tactics. Building a wall ia SO dumb its not gonna happen...it won't...besides that its immoral. What kind of Nazi would support it? I officially hate America when i used to be a patriot. The right consists of greedy pig conformist stiffs, and ignorant brainwashed red necks, who only vote for the stiffs, because they too are racist and full of hate. Well, i hate you.
Building the wall will not solve the problem or help relations between the 2 countries, it just sends out the wrong message.  I believe that trying to work together is a better option to solve problems. The joke here is that every single American is an immigrant or has an immigrant background apart from the natives. America has invaded so many foreign countries since the 80s and destroyed them yet they want to build a wall to keep immigrants out. White men go on mass shooting sprees, yet I dont see the government trying to stop white men coming to America. Trump made racists comments about Mexicans, thats a fact. Hes right about boarders as the EU has an open boarder policy, however that has not worked as it only helps criminals as you have seen in Europe with Islamic terrorists. Having a physical border will wont by needed in the future as the U.K. and Ireland are working on that right now. So the Spanish guy is on the right track. However I am not sure how this will work, but it will happen.
That second guy... lol... he's like "Enforce that you know where's these people are, register them, tax them"... how they fuck do you do that without a wall?
Building a wall will make the economy crash again I personally feel it's stupid to do so bush crashed the economy with his wall I live 10 miles from it and it's not going to stop illegal immigration it won't stop anything because there will still be corrupt ports where people can come threw corrupt airlines and etc the wall will be a big waste of money and will honestly do no difference just like the wall bush built or have we forgot we prices sky rocketed on everything and the job losses and debt that we were in???????
Since the FIFTEEN FIFTIES!!???!?!?! (1550)??!!  O.O
Come on down just not illigally
dude at around 6 minutes in is 100% on coke
It doesn't really do any good blurring her face if her ID is in plain site...
I believe in building a wall. But If America wants Mexicans (aka Spaniard and Native American descendants and South American natives) to stop coming to America then American companies should stop paying them.. such as, fast food chains, agricultural, industrial and environmental. Its simple. But Americans want cheap, and will exploit the closest resource to fill they're greed. Build a wall. Mexicans will build it because it will be subcontracted out to a American company who gives the poor exploited labors fake social security numbers. America feeds off the desperate. look at your clothes! see where they're made. some poor person who gets paid 10 cents a hour made them. Theyres out breaks of salmonella on lettuce because 40 south American native immigrants share one portable john with no place to wash they're hands except in the water that feeds your salad and wipe theyre asses with the lettuce leaves you eat.
i know trump said mexicans are rapist and criminals but steve to support his argument factually said they aren't brining in the drugs but you know what the dude meant by that. he means crime, and I'm sure many people think Mexicans are bringing in drugs.
Build a wall with your ass is going to be my senior quote for sure
Haha... what a moronic comment/argument and talkative without substance although fun to watch him talk.
The wall concerns are like berlin is it to keep people out or is in
I hate how this is a topic at all. How stupid do you havw to be to ACTUALLY believe this has a racial variable or something. Its the law. It a law thats being broken and un respected and its an issue that would be nice to crack down on. With the percentages of crime that illegal immigrants bring let alone "being illegal" is high enough we can agree if bordal patrol is tighter and enforced crime rates will obviously go down... even if they were low percentages.. I mean if you have a rapist in your apartment complex, youd want him gone...
Less drugs for America if that wall gets built
He said his family has lived in New Mexico since the 1550s 
Holy christ that last guy is an absolute moron.
The first lady seemed to have good intentions, with her family in mind.
The IRS used to refer to what she is asking as "dropping a dime" on someone. A telephone call, anonymously, from a payphone, used to cost a dime. If they are moneylaundering/loansharking - they sure as hell are invading the income taxes. ICE under trump may take note of her complaints, sure, but she can alert more people than ICE. IRS,FBI, CIA. Almost anybody above the local cops - nothing against them, but they would probably be the most timid to take such allegations seriously.
of course you should be against illegal immigration.. its ILLEGAL
American's and their wall.... bless...  Ladders were invented years ago...
I swear to God Steven gets regularly owned with logic and facts in these videos but he's too smug and concerned with bein right to admit it. Steven made change my mind to profit off of shock-value politics and proves who he is as a person because his intention is absolutely never to have his mind changed. Note how in all these videos that whenever he gets backed into a corner with facts he just makes shit up or tries to throw the other person off by bringing up a totally different controversial topic. Here's a video with some other reasons why Steven is an idiot:

https://youtu.be/ko5oWH1-FXE
Undocumented workers already pay taxes to stay here. And they don't get anything back.
The cartels already tax the illegals 
Lol
Mexicans make their money in the US and send back most that money back to Mexico  while using US 
Services & resources
his face at the end lmao!!!
Whats the ratio of illegal immigrants entering the country by foot vs by plane? Id imagine there are FAR more people coming by plane. Can anybody provide numbers on that?
"I don't know much about the immigration process.. But we should make them all citizens.."

This is why I hate having a discussion with anybody on the left. Just do some damn research if you want tell people what to think..
Yeah. Lets have open borders with NO wall and then in ten years complain about 30 billion people who moved in from other countries. Chaos
Wow. The guy wants to be a governor but cant put his thoughts into a sentence and when he does, its a stupid idea. 
I don't like the interviewer, he is not highly articulate. If you say that any one that arrives at United States border should be given citizenship immediately, I bet you that more than 3 billion people will arrive in the United States within a year. And that nation will be completely destroyed. Do all this morons know what open border will result to. Why can't these people take in 20 immigrants each into their homes and let see how it goes.
I'd rather take the money we'd spend on a physical wall and form a wall of men and technology. Hire more border patrol agents, tracking drones to locate illegals crossing and increase our amount of ice agents and or authorize/fund more local police operations to crack down on the illegals already here. This would provide jobs and take care of illegals already in the nation, far more than a physical wall would do. A physical wall can be dug under, climbed  or flown over. I don't buy for a second that the Trump wall can't be climbed,  and with the popularity of drones that can support the weight of multiple humans;  smugglers no longer need planes or helicopters or even pilots to transport people or large amount of drugs over the border. Don't get me  wrong a physical wall sounds really cool, I'm just not sure how effective it would be in today's world.
Did yall know that christopher columbus spoke and wrote in spanish? If he was "supposedly" the founder of america, why do stupid white racist pieces of shit hate people who speak spanish in america?
The wall isn't going to stop illegal immigration, so America would spend billions of dollars and it wouldn't change a thing. The wall is just an idea of a saver America, nothing more. To make people think America is more save with a wall.
yoooo watch the end of this clip and see how this crowder creep cuts this nervous kid off when he starts finally making so gd sense... creepy af CROWDER = SCHILL?
where does this dude get all his 'statistics' lol every time, smfh
I want statistics on the 3% committing 30% of the crimes,  I don't believe it otherwise.
You know,  Steven,  I may or may not disagree with you, and I'll bet I can get you onto my bandwagon. I don't want the wall because it won't primarily solve the immigration problem.  Secondly,  when it comes to immigration,  we should be focusing less on how wrong it is for them to be here and more on why they're here. The fact is simple,  the immigration laws that we currently have in place are far too strict,  and innocent people are suffering in Mexico because of it.  People cross the border illegally because they're desperate,  and I think that that is cause for a reform.
No wall is needed!!! Yes there should be good border protection for those people who should not come in, but we must not assume that all people attempting to come in illegally should not be here because they broke our law. If people are in need of help why not make it easier for them to recieve it, rather then punish them for a crime we unintentionally forced them to commit, especially when our country has enough resource to PROVIDE  the help. In the past laws had to be broken in order for our country and society to realize that change was needed, this might just be one of those times.
All this guy does is go around  instigating drama with people who he disagrees with. He seems like a smart person but then again he also supports Trump, which makes no sense at all.
That's easy. Adam already ruined the wall for us.
"Im not mexican im spanish" dumb mf
Idk, I agree with the fact that we need to keep the bad people out but from personal experiences, Hispanics that come here illegally work hard and do all the dirty jobs that no one else that comes here are willing to do.
What the heck did I just watch?  This guy lives in a delusion, he must think Star Wars is history.
I love the people that come and try to argue with anecdotal and weak arguments and just shit their pants with your stats and vast knowledge.
Dude interviewed is an idiot.
Potential governor of New Mexico ladies and gentlemen.
But why stick to the idea of a wall? Sure, reinforce immigration but do it internally without spending billions of dollars on a physical border. Whether that means x-rays or microchips or whatever the hell people come up with. That's such a waste of money! And people will ALWAYS find a way to get through. ALWAYS! You people basically want to build a physical border that people will find their way around within a couple of weeks or months.
I see what you did there. It's pretty fucked up. JS.
How much people have been killed by American weapons. 7:00
Let's get things straight. Building bridges instead of walls and support the education system with the bloody money instead of spending it for some wires might be better for economy. People in western culture have pretty much enough to live a good life, at least a good opportunity to get there with some effort, so let's don't act to harsh when it comes to money and fear of loosing something we didn't earn. And I hope we can all agree that our future goal should be to make this world a better place for us all and stick together.  Let's take your data. Most immigrants are male young adults.  So the biggest group of people committing crime. I don't need to tell what happens to young adults with no perspective, immigration or job. I think there is so much potential in good education for man who want something out of life and so less value in keeping them away.
BUILD THE X-RAY WALL - change my mind
That lady asking who to report the criminals - seems like she is playing a fool
Spanish kid is fuckin high
Itd be pretty cool if you did this again with someone of a higher uhmmmm intelligence or have a Spanish speaking translator
I don't want them to build a wall, the wall hurts my feelings, but they could like make a sci-fi x-ray wall across the whole border so it reads an electornic chip you put under all mexicans skin.
X r A y S c A n N e R
Im not Mexican with his English like that. Hes obviously a 1st or 2nd generation immigrant. People nowadays are ashamed to say theyre Mexicans. Smh 
im spanish , my family moved to mexico 450 years ago ....... bright fucker the next gov of new mexico ......... you know like experts and that and ........
You can walk across the Rio Grande I just watched a video where a guy brought two people across the Rio Grande and walked back 100 ft away from a bridge that leads in the Mexico. The only solution to this is something to stop them
What the hell is he talking about??????? Gonna be a Mayor???? Maybe a Democrat Mayor by the way he talks...
X-ray wall 
I think the wall would be impossible to actually build. It would be far too expensive.
No wall but xray wall, please do a sequel
Like an X-ray scanner yeah... Like one day I plan on being the governor of Mexico I need to sit down with like some computer engineers and really talk this out. people have the IQ of a Pop-Tart
these people act like the wall isn't going to have a gate aha
John Oliver did a great segment on how many problems this wall would cause to this country, I recommend it to everyone who believes this stupid wall would do any good.
Why don't we build a wall with Canada? 
Because they're country is fine and there's no threat there people can raise their families. Mexico not so much. Their is reason why people wana come here.
Yo do what you want but idk why you think the wall will stop anyone, and about deporting people that's more difficult, not everyone should be deported. And I read the majority of illegal immigrants didn't break the law for obvious reasons, and I thought it was good for the economy to have some illegal imigration. Fuck it let's just bomb everything and restart I gave up already, shitty ass time to be in but I guess anytime in history is a shitty time eh fuck it I don't keep up with anything just hear, uh to be honest both sides annoy me, I wanna just yell SHUT UP and make a decision you know? Like I gotta hear some shit and I don't even care, like go away. Anyway I forgot what I even said already it's morning for I don't know.
The wall has been proven not to work, Its a waste of money.
Leroy is barely able to speak sentences!
What a space cadet!!
LOL that guy isn't representing his fellow mexicans in a good way
straight off the bat, six seconds in....      is it not fair to say that if you are against the wall, you are simply pro illegal immigration? immigration policy is a separate issue in my opinion. all the wall would theoretically do, is enforce the immigration policy. are those against the wall saying we should collect our bags at the airport and just walk on in? because thats the same idea, isn't it? a wall cannot be racist. an immigration policy might be, but a wall is just a wall. if you don't like walls...      go and sleep rough for a month and see what happens.
i like your videos a lot but i am wondering one thing that i am surprised no one has ever asked you on these videos. What would it take your change your mind?
trump did claim mexicans bring in drugs  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jaz1J0s-cL4
https://www.factcheck.org/2018/06/is-illegal-immigration-linked-to-more-or-less-crime/
I don't agree with you on the topic.. but these people who argued with you were stupid :D 
I understood your point but violence cannot be always the answer 
just like your "pro guns" video :D protection is an important things but giving anyone weapon is not the answer
You need  to let in immigrants us British cannot take anymore.
Somewhat productive...
"make them pass the test" man i dont think you have fully thought everything through. And no sweet special mind. Please dont run for govern. Man what you described is what we have in place. Actually what you described is airport security mixed with Sci fi movies. But you just havent thought anything through and if you get others to do the work then what good are you? Sorry man but you just arent educated enough
So, why are people building walls and fences around their houses. Those bastard racist.
The second guy is as dumb as hell. He has been smoking some kinda really poor quality weed.
I feel like a physical wall would be a waste of time and money. But a metaphorical wall would be genius. What do immigrants come to the US for? Easy. A better life. So when they get here and start becoming educated, they get free school, aid from the government, some type of health insurance, the list goes on. Now. If we take that away, there would be no reason to come here other than to escape violence/drugs but they can simply move to another state in Mexico. But I say, take away the privileges/ways we spoil immigrants to get a fresh start and you will see the number of immigrants coming illegally, decrease
Good to see  how fucking useless this video was...  Using the most retarded people in a video.   And just look at his military special ops bodyguards.  "I'm Canadian"... So I can't possibly be a spook for the establishment playing my controlled opposition role, and very well I might add.  The world is a vampire people.
I watched this and I personally am pro border control but against building the wall. The wall is gonna work to a small extent but not very much. There is a statistic and I dont remember the exact numbers but according to the statistic a majority of illegal immigrants come her legally with a work visa but then it expires and they stay in America or they come by plane which would fly right over the wall rendering it useless. The wall would work a bit but it would be super expensive and not worth the cost. I dont know how to completely fix this issue but a cheaper solution I feel would be to make it easier to became a legal citizen of the United States. As of right now it can take years to decades to become a legal citizen which cost a lot in legal fees and expenses. If they made a way that cost little to none and takes no more than a few months to a year to complete we will have a big decrease in illegal immigrants without spending lots of US tax dollars on a wall.
You want the wall build it yourself with your money man. It'll make work for people, hell, as a dude with a Mexican family I'd go weld that shit lol. You pay me son. But don't get surprised when people start turning their back on us.
But the real question  here is: Why does the first lady has a tree in her drink
Tax them ...... spoken like a true Democrat...
I'm for the XRay boarder. Not because it's logical, it's just so dumb it's hilarious.
This such word soup. These people were confusing.
like if your pump does 9 damage
Im New Mexican not Mexican wat the hell y do drunk people try to argue with this guy
Those were two of the dumbest people you could've possibly interviewed. You should just ask people from a debate team to sit with you. They'd be more polite and bring up good discussion points.
I've been a fan of Crowder at times, and a huge critic of Crowder at times....THIS....was EXCELLENT. 

This might be the most professional I have ever seen Crowder be. No condescending attitude, no high pitched emotion driven frustrated rebuttals....calm, cool, collected, and factual. More of THIS Steven Crowder, pleaseeeeee.
Building that wall is a waste of time and money
11:00 buddy pretty much described a boarder. idiot.
Builing a wall to secure the border would be WAAAAY too expensive to build.
Druggsseh
I think the statistics might be wrong. I just dont find reasonable that such a small number of ilegal immigrants contribute to almost one third of all homicides in the US. It would be a nonstop murder spree from a few individuals who have to kill more than 2 people a year. I dont think the numbers add up.
An X-Ray wall
if that guy ever becomes Governor someone please shoot me
No borders NO COUNTRY period
Lmao what a dumbass
You placated that dumb ass Mexican dude for way too long without educating him. I started skipping a head because it was boring the chit right out of me. I understand when you're face to face it takes a certain amount of tact, but jeesh ... either smack them with facts or change the gimmick. Prime opportunities wasted with wanna be youtube dolts.
Build "The Great Wall " of America !  Make it the second wonder of the world !!!
Water? Like in the toilet?
Broo he plays with his life too much  he really bold to confront these issues and I respect him for that but he really taking a risk
This was a slow one and you didnt rebut very much.
Im confused. I did Public Forum debate at catholic nationals for the sanctuary city topic. I dont understand how illegal immigrants commit crimes at a disproportionate rate because its been debunked by multiple studies. The Cato Institute (a conservative organization) reveals that cities with a higher illegal population have lower crime rates. Also the bureau of statistics cites that crime across the nation has went down, but illegal immigration has went up. To top it all of I believe Brookings Institute cites a study that says illegal immigrants lower crime by 33%. I love your videos Crowder!!! But plz provide sources when you say stuff because if that was true then that would have been super helpful in my debates.
Build the wall with your ass, bitch! Favorite part
3:34 Shouldn't you blur her ID card as well Steven?
If you are illegal there is no taxing you don't exist to the government dumb dumb
Electronic id chip? Lol its not the hollocaust.
Im still confused on this issue, and was really hoping you could find someone posing a lot of the questions I have. Then again these Change My Minds arent very constructive, they are mostly an idiot arguing with someone whose well versed on the issue and is intelligent. I guess theyre funny in the way of a person on a bicycle with a knife trying to fight an Abrams tank, but not really.
@ 11:09, it sounds almost as if he is talking about giving everyone a microchip implant to scan in order to gain entrance... you would still need a wall... with a gate, to ensure no one would abuse or misuse ... hmmm...
Build the wall? Haha it's like performing CPR on a decapitated person! It's too late, the damage has been done.
Whoever does not vote for him to be the governor of New Mexico, will be just as dumb as he is.
i fucking hate her voice ahhh report her
10:30 mark of the beast rfid chips
Lmao that guy is not spanish
X ray border 
Leroy was very "scientifical", lol...what a moron.
Ahahfgdgg he said he wants to be the governor of New Mexico. Nah I'm good luv, enjoy
LOL! There isn't going to be a ridiculous wall.
I think they are missing that the wall will have door passages for migrant to enter, I think they are called border checkpoints :-)
Good idea, tax the people that dont have money :D
X ray wall 
Why aren't you wearing pants?
I generally can't / wouldn't argue against Crowder, but he's way wrong here. Most illegal immigration happens from people arriving on legal visas and overstaying. The wall is an expensive and inefficient solution to a small piece of the puzzle. It would literally do little to curb illegal immigration.... because planes.
Yeah tax them because they come here with pockets full of money?
I don't think building a wall would be benificial for the amount of money it would cost
Was the second guy able to find his way home?  He probably still wandering around the streets mumbling about this.
If you want to debate ....please have some common sense ...if not you make your opponent look way more superior
Wall won't do much, over 50% of illegal immigration is through air and they overstay their trip
Yeah lady they tried that it's not working we need a wall no wall no country what is wrong with ppl
New mexico.... soon to become Chernobyl 2.0
le troy trio is abit naive and too many sifi movies
If people are doing the wrong thing, the solution to the problem is not to make the wrong thing legal. People kill each other, but the solution to that problem is not to make murder legal. The liberal mentality of Its going to happen anyway is not an acceptable excuse for allowing anarchy.
Welfare (money/food stamps/medical) costs us more than what we would ever tax. If you don't have a social security number and work above the table then you're not paying any tax other than state sales tax for goods. Dumbass.
Lived in NM for years and statistics don't lie, NM has some of the highest rates of rape and violent crimes in the nation and one of the highest rates of domestic violence. That guy doesn't know sh@t.
I love the second guys logic. Let undocumented amounts of immigrants in, somehow tax them, and to do so we must make them legal. Almost seems like a visa...
Wall Street has committed more crimes than illegal immigrants.
I would like to hear the actual reasons for the need of the wall. its not just about immigration control. Allegedly, it is to help keep out "terrorists". The tsa doesn't work. How many "terrorists" were stopped by the Tsa? We can't afford the wall. How do we pay for it? cut social programs? cut military spending? what pays for it ? Walls don't just keep people out, it keeps people in as well. If its about keeping terrorists out , then we should build a wall along the Canadian boarder. Some of the 9/11 "terrorists" came in from Canada,  not Mexico.
This dude is living in a scifi fantasy world
Thats guys family has been here since the 1515 and you can still hear some accent in his speech.
Jesus that dude had Neanderthal level brain power
This idiotic wall is Trumps idea of a 'feel good' solution to appease his base.
This "wall' in  some places is a mountain. a  river, and occasionally just a fence,
even the billion  dollar part is just a  25 billion  dollar  wall that can be defeated by a $25  dollar ladder or a portable grinder
40% odd of US illegal immigrants  fly into the US
However the greatest joke of all with this piece of  snake oil  fuckery is the one that says mexico is going to pay for it all
Crowders methology is  absurd too.... sit  down  with 2 people  with  the collective IQ of a shoe and watch them make fools of themselves in order to prop up his own  agenda
OMG that idiot guy made me laugh so hard
Im a beaner... But man i wish i couldve sat down and just talk with this guy maybe one of us can talk sense into each other im pretty chill and considerate if what hes got to say
blurred her face but not I.d. card?
Dude I highly recommend you cut that part out with the Mexican lady the cartel is dangerous and that lady living in an apartment with them puts her at high risk
The US governments been bringing drugs into the country for decades, flooding poor communities with them, and controlling the heroine business. People are quick to talk about immigrants bringing drugs into the country but fail to mention how the government controls the drug trade. The war on drugs is the war on competition. Statistics dont include the guys at the top who do far more harm for the country and the planet, and who find ways around paying their taxes, who commit fraud and theft on a massive scale. Wed do a lot better doing something about them than immigrants who are trying to make a better life for themselves.
5-10 years
Electronic chips are an even worse idea which weve seen coming for years, but its most likely whats going to happen.
Poor Leroy. He's like "Let's make immigrants ACT LIKE there's a wall, but don't actually BUILD ONE!" Lol
I actually cannot comprehend how dumb the second guy is.
Pretty sure the second person is full of crap.
Wait, according to Crowder, Donald Trump did NOT state that "they are bringing crime, drugs," into the country?
Who ever said it would be a physical wall I mean I dont know maybe trump did but he might just mean stricter border control
X Ray borders. Nice. Are Americans that are against the wall mad that it would cost money or what? What do they disagree with? Because we have a fence already it just doesnt work. Is it just the idea of a wall maybe we should call it something else a tall slab maybe. A wall works ask China. And the X-ray border is not free
That last guy has been watching to much futurama
That guy thought he was recording
I threw my cat over my fence like it was a gay Mexican.
Fuck u man enough being racist
This guy man..... NO HOW WILO YOU MAKE THEM GO TO TH X-RAY GATE
Damn these people are fuckin retarded
the second guy made up a argument that a grade 7 would say.
Don't waste money on the wall, just set up a giant floating X-Ray along the border and that will make sure all illegal immigrants get cancer straight away. Problem solved.
China has done rather well with their wall in keeping the Mongolians out, just saying.
No offense but the wall would be very expensive.
"I'm not Mexican I'm spanish" 

shut the fuck up wetback
No, Donald trumps position on illegal immigration is that they are bringing in drugs, that they are rapists, murderers, and in general criminals. When in actuality, most Mexican, which for some reason trump thinks are the only illegal immigration, are hard working people that want a better life, and or are escaping dangerous situations in their own home countries.
I could watch a 10 hour video of Change My Mind!
The second person is SO delusional
4:22 The precognition is strong in Crowder... Cool that the guy was willing to talk, although the facts weren't on the side of his ideas... Maybe they were off the top of his head, or maybe he had researched these issues for his prospective future of holding political office, I hope he learns better how to research before he potentially wins and actually does become governor. lol I have a bit of respect the guy though. His ideas are clearly not malevolent or evil, as wildly wrong and harmful as they would be if implemented... Maybe his heart's in the right place... but good intentions can have tragic, dire consequences.
He actually had some good thoughts
This second dude is so dumb it's crazy!! He is proably illegal himselve
Nanomachine is the way of the future. Like metal gear solid 4.
As a mexican you can build all the walls you want but dont try to subjugate one of your strongest commercial allies into paying for something as useless as a wall
what an idiot that guy is talkin about no walls and xray borders he been smokin too much crack me thinks
Glocks are much better!
Lol please the government makes enough money off taxes. We dont need more money from people so that argument is retarded
No better way to go green than with an XRay border lmao
Yeah New Mexico is going to be fucked if he is the governor
Lmfao is this guy serious
I won't claim to know if a wall is the answer or not. But I 100% believe in strong border security.
   Ronald Reagan  A nationthat cannot control itsborders is nota nation'
I'm running for governor.... dude no
lolol the dumbest mf ive ever seen on this page is the same guy who aspires to be the governor of New Mexico smh
Where did he get his statistics? I'm just curious
So is the guy in the white t-shirt impaired or does he not understand the difference in the terms legal vs illegal
This one isn't very good, the problems with the wall aren't the reasons these idiots on the street listed. If the wall is built, it costs a ridiculous amount of money for something that doesn't even solve the problem on it's own - people will still get in. And - because its a 1,000 mile stretch of concrete infrastructure, the upkeep will cost an increasing cost in millions as time goes on, along with the cost of surveillance that Trump also planned to give to this 1,000 mile concrete wall with armed guards. Also, according to the department of homeland security, 70% of illegal immigrants come through on work/temporary visas and simply don't leave, most illegal immigrants aren't the border hopping stereotypes that you would assume.

Hell, Trump himself said that someone could get over it with a rope and ladder the very FIRST time he brought it up at one of his rallies.

The problem people should have with the wall isn't some sort of political correctness stance, it's the fact that from an economic standpoint it doesn't solve the problem proportionately to the cost of building and maintaining it. Also what was that second free-borders guy even talking about lmao.
I think it's hilarious that the New Mexican guy says his family's been here since the 1550's, but he has a heavy Mexican accent!
Did that Mexican lady drink the Mexican water?
How are we about to get around super fast and super cheep???? Lmao and in 5 or 10 years!!!! Hes high!
You formally smoke everyones boots Steven crowder 
Jesus is not real change my mind
Leroy, what you've just said is one of the most insanely idiotic things I have ever heard. At no point in your rambling, incoherent argument were you even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought. Everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it. I award you no points, and may God have mercy on your soul.
Shes illegal and report illegals ok
Love the shirt Steven
"Mastermind individuals"? "Future governor of New mexico"? This guy's ambitious, but a bullshitter in training.
damn the second guy looks stupid as hell... i'm not talking about what he says but his facial expressions and non-verbal yells fucking idiot
I'm for a reform against illegal immigration but a physical wall is completely irrelevant lol
Please interview educated individuals!
Steve youre just simply wrong about the wall... i would of changed your mind
if Mexicans are so hard working why cant they make mexico a great place to live instead of flooding the U.S for a better life...... You cant just get rid of borders and have everyone move into one place.
When you learn and understand that the left thrives purely on emotion...you learn everything you need to know about their party.
i say dont build the wall fro the simple fact its waste of money. greatest tunnel diggers to ever walk this earth, you can build a fucking game of thrones wall and it wouldn't stop shit.
The wall will never be built. I hope you retards understand that.
Holy Moly! Can you guys start checking IQ's of interviewees?
The wall is an incredibly stupid idea from the economic, diplomatic, and practicality standpoints. That being said, I am for securing our borders, but using a different tactic. From an economic standpoint, the wall is a massive expense. Not only is it estimated over $25 billion to produce, but maintenance would be a nightmare. Furthermore, the wall acts as a symbol whether we like it or not. It could cause heavy diplomatic tensions, not only with Mexico, but with other countries who witness our country undertaking such a massive project simply to block out another country. Even with checkpoints and gates, walls are never a good diplomatic solution. Finally, the wall will not be effective. Majority of illegal immigrants actually make it over by plane and simply overstay their visas. The illegals that do cross the border are innovative and organized. A simple standing structure will not stop them. 
I feel as though a better option would be to outsmart their ingenuity and use technology to secure our borders in a more efficient and effective way. This can be done in many ways. The hardest part about securing the border, is actually being able to know when someone has crossed over illegally. This is obviously a serious technical challenge for our engineers. In densely populated areas along the border, this can be especially tricky. A wall may be more effective in these areas, but it is common practice for illegals to dig tunnels under the border anyway. These are extremely hard to detect and often lead to buildings in the US making them even harder to find. The most effective way to deal with illegal immigration would most likely have to come from reforming our documentation standards. While the US keeps good records, IDs and documentation can still be easily faked. furthermore, a more effective documentation system can prevent illegals from taking advantage of our social benefits, such as free healthcare, food stamps, unemployment, etc. If we simply upgraded our systems to be more difficult to fool and increased funding for border patrol, we could be much more effective in deportation of illegals. 
This problem lies in our cultural values as well. With the left using pro-illegal immigration rhetoric, our community has become more ignorant of the damage that illegals cause on a day to day basis. This means that a majority of our community will refuse to report illegals. A well funded interest group with a well though out marketing campaign could help swing the misinformed population. This is not so much a policy issue as it is a cultural one. If our community could stand up against those who take advantage of our social benefits, this issue could be heavily mitigated.

Idk I one day plan on being the governor of New Mexico 
this guy is literally the white republican male that represents everything thats wrong with the people
iam Mexican I belive they should bulid the wall because a lot of weapons and drugs do come throw I believe that imagrationts should be able to become legal easier or get a visa easier because I lived in Mexico and mostly everyone who goes to America because they are poor and most can't afford to get a visa so when you make It easier I believe they are more willing to pass throw legally
'Shove the wall up your ass' well I got to stretch this ass..... 

It will hurt.
Loved that look at the end. Pretty much summed up his opinion as a whole.
I wish we could pay a certain amount of money to have a  plaque with your name on it placed on the wall. That could help with a lot of the funding. Also offer to let people come work on it for free for a few days or something. A lot of us would jump at the chance just to be part of history and say we did our part to keep people from wandering into our country unchecked.
The gentleman in the white shirt is hyped up on like 3 Monsters or Red Bulls. Guy has energy I wish I had. On a side note, I think hes totally wrong. I foresee borders getting tighter amongst nations. Also, I dont see a large portion of the population ever at any moment thinking Im totally cool with the government tagging me and being able to track my movements at all times through some barcode tracking device. At least with cell phones you can turn your phone off or change settings so that doesnt happen. What this guy just suggested was like a tattoo of some kind or an implant under the skin. Mind boggling that anyone would consent to that. Id die before I let the government or anyone for that matter tell me I had to do that.
Half of immigration done to the US is because of expiered VISAs, the wall is a waste of money, and i'm sure as hell not paying.
That dude would rather submit to some real Big Brother type shit, than freedom to be and stay in your own home country. I for one DO NOT want the government tracking me so other people can cross borders. Terrible trade off.
An xray scanner
LMAO LMAO LMAO!!!! BORDERS ARE GOING TO BE A THING OF THE PAST!! PRETTY SOON PEOPLE WILL TRAVEL REAL FAST !!!I DONT THINK NOW BUT IN THE NEXT 5 YEARS !!! LMFAO HAHAHAHAHAHAHA THAT SPANISH GUY NEEDS HIS OWN SHOW
Build your wall, is your country. but you pay for it
Catus on both sides of the wall , half mile thick   
The Spaniard is a complete fucking idiot. He reminds me of the kid in choir that cant sing for shit but everyone around him doesnt have to balls enough to tell him hes horrible. Same thing applies here. He sounds like hes spewing recycled shit hes heard, probably around a dinner table and his mother and friends probably tell him all of his ideas are grand when they are actually trash. Someone needs to check this guy.
Why don't people fuck with illegals???
isnt it just like crazy expensive? like all the land mass that needs to be changed for the wall. but i just remember it was super expensive. like everything about the wall was kinda impractical
>x-ray border
>governor of new mexico

holy shit death can't come fast enough
aren't most illegal immigrant from planes
As long as there are countries there will be borders. Hello. Stupid.
Lol a scanner
Can the Spanish dude just pick an accent. Hes literally switching to Canadian and then Spanish.
05:08  "I'm Spanish.." yeah LMAO
your lucky you didnt get your ass beat steven
I would have said, what's the statistic for illegals committing a crime......100%.....they are here illegally lolololol
Why does she have a plant?
An x Ray border ? 
While I dont a agree with building a wall, the guy in the white shirt is just too impractical. Wall or not people will find a way in, and a small percentage will continue to avoid taxes.
Lol wtf was that guy talking about
Hahahaha your face at the end i nearly died lol
Drugs-uh
there is no way to justify NOT having a barrier to completely prevent illegal immigration other than just saying " I DO NOT CARE IF ILLEGALS ENTER THIS COUNTRY ILLEGALLY" you know?  you cannot say that you care but you do not care.
I hate spics
Tax the people that we dont know that are coming in 
That dude with the white T-Shirt is on crack.......He has no idea what he is talking about lol
"How do I deport- uh, report those people?" Lol she's trying to send them back
Dont agree with the wall but Leeroy has no clue what he is talking about
Ok that dude is a straight retard. He definitely a mastermind. God please stop with the scientifical talk about the X-ray band reader. Could you imagine him as the governor!
its a total disrespect for the millions that did it legally and waited to get citizenship. I had family that did it legally and they went through the hardship to get into the US.
As a mexican I understand why the wall might be necessary, however the argument in favor of building the wall that I most hear is drug smuggling but I don't think that Mexico is the only responsable in this problem. This is followed by a really simple logic, if the drug business is so profitable is because there's not just a provider but also a consumer!. The drugs that are produced and sowed in Mexico are consumed by the USA, so it's a two side problem. If you want to stop violence and drug trafficking then stop fucking buying drugs because this business relationship is also affecting Mexico, it makes carteles stronger and stronger, increasing violence mostly in Mexico plus it has been found that the guns that carteles use are made in USA!  Build the wall, educate people so they stop buiying drugs and supporting narcotrafficking, and regulate immigration policies (because I'm sure there's also bad mexicans going into the united states) but don't make it so hard for the hardworking, educated people to go in.
LEEROY: X-RAY BORDER!
CROWDER: -_-
I can't find the source that says illegal aliens are responsible for 40% of the homicides. Every article that I read has them committing homicide at lower rates. I now question the validity of Crowder sources for all his videos.
This is one of the few of your opinions that I disagree with and I wish different people were interviewed so it could really get to the root of the problem but instead it was a bunch of cliches. BTW this comment section is cancer.
So blacks commit 51% of murders and illegal immigrants commit 30%? Yet whites are the majority population? Damn. Whites need to step their murder game up. We looking soft as fuck right now
To be honest although yes having immigration laws is very important, I don't think building a wall is going to help anything besides make people more pissed off and hate America, I'm probably going to get a lot of hate because of this comment but that's just what I think
That dude doesn't know wtf he's talking about honestly. It hurts my brain listening to him brain vomit at Crowder with all that enthusiasm.
He makes us look stupid
Very scientifical
This guy is just an attention seeking whore, having certian opinions doesn't make you special.
His ideas may not be good Leroy. But his bad ideas may lead to good great ideas
Dude they were ALL "Free Thoughts"...... Your ignorance was shining brightly...
How many of those illegals get paid in cash? And hes just dumb and living in his own world
Have you considered a Change My Mind segment on the topic of capitalism? also on flat earth vs round earth? i think those would be entertaining
I think that the wall wouldnt stop jack shit. 40% of illegal immigrants come on planes and plenty more come legally with a temporary visa and just dont go back. The wall wouldnt stop these people, and if we build the wall more people will come by plane or find other ways to get over or under the wall, like tunneling or climbing
Lol
Can u create a dialogue on change my mind on black lives matter
The wall was started in San Diego under Clinton in 1998. My father in law was in the national guard and he worked on it. It's only an issue because Trump. If Hillary won and wanted the wall, that'd be great.
The claim that illegal immigrants commit crime at higher statistical rates than citizens has been disproven in both census data and in studies, such as one done in Texas.  Many reputable sources have refuted this claim.  I would like to see where Crowder got his numbers.  http://www.politifact.com/california/statements/2017/aug/03/antonio-villaraigosa/mostly-true-undocumented-immigrants-less-likely-co/
https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2018/03/30/upshot/crime-immigration-myth.html
New series :Crowder Challenge.  Crowder Challenge: Remove your front door in protest of Trumps wall. Document Leftist results.
Low iq. They come here and then tell us we need more of THEIR people. Go away or we start a war.
A lot of illegal immigrants enter through planes, they overstay their holiday visa. A wall isnt gonna fix that. Secure it another way.
Did this dude actually say he was planning on being the Governor of New Mexico?? Lmfao! Leroy is out of his mind!......lmfao!
X-ray border?
Kind of inappropriate to not completely blur out the lady  talking about criminals living below her.
X-rays gates and no borders. Free flowing. I would have to talk to some computer engineers about this. Idk someday I plan on being the governor of New Mexico - bro this shit had me dying laughing  this shit is comedy
That Spanish guy...WTF!
But dont most immigrants come from planes  theyll just fly over it
Here I thought the people that got interviewed on universities where idiots... but holy shit these people are another level of uneducated.
This guy wants to help drug traffickers
S
Against the Wall:  A large percentage of illegal aliens (40%, approximately), come to the U.S. legally.  Their Work Visa expires, and they stick around.  Eventually they sneak back over the boarder because they're afraid of ICE and don't want to explain at the boarder gates why they've been here for 6 months illegally.

Further, most immigrants who cross the the border in areas where it's just sunbaked emptiness don't make it, already.  They've got to walk lightly supplied across almost a hundred miles of sunscorched scrub-land, where there's no water and no food.  And they have to pack light because of the terrain.  People seriously die out there.  Our problem is they come mostly over boat, and right through the checkpoints.

Lastly, the wall will cost BILLIONS, and Mexico ain't gonna pay for it like he claims.
the 2nd one that (the guy) talked sounded dumb as fuck
Please ask your subs to sign this petition.  we need 100,000 total Sigs by July 13th to ask POTUS to redact the IG report and present it to the American people as it should be...
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/unredacted-declassification-department-justice-inspector-general-report-public-viewing
Great Wall worked preventing outsiders from coming in. The guy in the white is delusional. Trump viewed Mexico as a high point of criminal activity coming to the states, sure there are good people coming to the states trying to start a good life. Which there is a process to get legally, I dont know the criteria or how it works. Trump has did more in a year then what Obama has done in his 2 terms. Im positive he knows what hes doing even from a business man. The wall, Im sure of would stop crime rate of illegals in the country. #buildthewall
X-ray wall.... Going to be a lot more cancer
Since the 1550's?
The sheer amount of confusion from educated adults on this topic is remarkable.
The wall will be a good first step toward solving the illegal immigrant and illegal drug problem facing the nation. A good second step would be the immediate deportation of all illegal aliens, Hispanic, African, Middle Eastern, Asian and all others.
I'll get on board with this whole wall thing if you get Trump to take and PASS the citizenship test.
https://www.factcheck.org/2018/06/is-illegal-immigration-linked-to-more-or-less-crime/
Hes tripping  the x-ray border that extends all the way across the border
That guy with the Chanel...Leroy...was very polite 
After watching this, watch John Oliver present a factual argument against the wall. Remember, "polarization of the media" and people "living in their own echo chambers" are one of the biggest issues with today's division between parties. Give it a chance. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vU8dCYocuyI
There are valid concerns that may just change your mind, considering the people interviewed here obviously could not make a coherent argument. Just because they could not does not mean it does not exist.  
Another side note: A general pillar of conservatism is fiscal responsibility. That's what I believe in. This wall falls nowhere in conservative economic ideals. If a democrat proposed it, it would be seen as a colassal waste of government resources.
My family has been in New Mexico since the 1550s you stupid
"Build the wall" ... And implement stiffer laws on illegals who enter this country and break the laws.
Yo man like I dont like this wall holmes but like if we could maybe have like a bunch of the  X-men watching and like after you get by them you write on a paper why you are in the USA and then like when you leave you like maybe go and scan your retna and like say on the new note how happy you were in the states this guys a fucking retard
I don't really care what you guys are doing over there in America, but as a german I have to say that our experiences with a wall aren't that good. xD
Did I just hear someone against the wall basically say, let's RF tag and track illegal immigrants like animals? I can picture ICE out there tackling them and putting an ear tag tracker on them.
Do something on monogamy
Borders are a thing of the past, u heard it here first.
Leeroy sums up 90% of Fortnite players
What in the fuck is this guy talking about. X-Ray border to ID? How are we even gonna ID them if theyre undocumented?
Those I'm Spanish New Mexicans are beyond retarded. You see those idiots everywhere in Albuquerque and Santa Fe
Crowder somebody asked me where did you get the crime stats saying illegals create 37% of the murders.
How do I report those people. Caught me off guard.
Got it...so you want people monitored, ok cool...how the hell do ya do that? Without a area they need to go through. Stupid...Build the damn wall!!!!! You want you to be a US citizen, work for it!
BUILD THE XRAY! BUILD THE XRAY!
Personally i think the wall makes no sense because of many reasons one of which is that it is too expensive. Yes i know Trump said he is going to make the Mexicans pay for it but let's not be selfish. Where is the money going to come from to pay for the wall that he wants to put up? Who is going to pay for it? What effect will it have on an already suffering Mexico? Don't you think that it will cost less to screen them and have them come over legally than to "Build a Wall" and man that wall 24/7. How deep do you plan to build this wall??? 1 mile deep??... because we all know about the tunnels from mexico to the USA. I have 100 more questions of course but I will post them after i get a response to this one. Curious as to the answers I get for those questions i just asked.
Somebody have Leroy Trevejo from this video contact me.  I would like to pay to have his DNA as well as any of his family members DNA  tested to discover his ancestry lines.

Colonization of New Mexico in the 16th Century
http://newmexicohistory.org/people/colonization-of-new-mexico-in-the-16th-century
That last guy is a Moron.  

Governor?  

When you say shit like You Know,   Leeeeeeerrrrrooooooooyyyyyyy!
even inside the Schengen zone in EU there are some countries -  including Germany who let in over one million imigrants in 2015 - who reinstated some kind of a border control, and the whole Europe insists on protecting the external borders of the bloc against illegals. Italy started to reject humanitarian vessels that pick up immigrants from the sea after they leave Lybia. So...I don't know... for me it's amazing to see this agenda in US against borders and americans who think no borders is the best solution to this problem. I live in an east-european former communist country and I reject the idea of being monitored and checked where I am, where I go, what I say on the phone and all that, but.. still... at least some form of border control is needed because there are some bad people out there..
The look on your face after talking with Leroy kinda says it all... -_-
FUKKEN KEK
Deadass why cant we just have rows of barb wire and areas full of land mines. If they want to come here illegally they got to work for it.
so the white tshirt guy means illegal people should not be deported and will be considered as legal in future? well, fuck up USA when moron still exist
The Krusty Krab pizza is the pizza for you and me, change my mind
The white shirt dude thinks he's smart, but he's dumb af holy shit.
Because the wall keeps people in as well.
I disagree on you while people create the most violent crimes as of 2018 .
That kid is a fucking moron and thats why this country is in the state its in. GET OFF THE ADERALL BRO!
Ladder + rope > expensive wall. The wall is a 15 century solution to a 21 century problem.
X-RAY border's really? We might as well have Super Man sit at the border and use his X-ray vision.
Implant chips wow
13:18 When you speak with a fucking retard for too long
I want to move to the United States of Snowflakes too :(
Im sorry but I dont know why this guy is talking when he has no experience with immigration or know the struggle. I wish I was on this show to have a talk with this man about this topic so I will state my opinion here. The wall shouldnt be built because its a waste of money. Mexicans will always find a way to jump it no matter what.  I think that the only people that should be deported is the illegal criminals not hard working immigrants.
The guy with the white shirt is so stupid. Legalize everyone and imply an x ray border 
I prefer this series when youre in an University Campus, because youre surrounded by libtards
Second guy claiming he was only "Spanish" as in from actual Spain. Okay dude. Anyway, looks like a guy in the beginning stages of meth or abusing Adderall. Too soon to show on his face and teeth, and fresh enough into the habit to get the full effects without the accumulated tolerance of a long time user.
Second guy claiming he was only "Spanish" as in from actual Spain. Okay dude. Anyway, looks like a guy in the beginning stages of meth or abusing Adderall. Too soon to show on his face and teeth, and fresh enough into the habit to get the full effects without the accumulated tolerance of a long time user.
That dude was a total idiot. Made the video unwatchable. Good try Steven . Build a wall, crack down on visa overstays (40% of illegal immigration), stop chain immigration and lottery system, penalties to employers that hire illegals, deport them whenever caught.
"A scientifical x-ray gate that reads your I.D." LOL
I welcome legal  though.  Legal  Lives Matter, fellow Earthlings
You ugly sad racists!! How awful of you!! You dont understand we are humans!!
 X Ray border  this nigga in 3018
I need to sit down with a group of individuals for that one
This Mexican aka Spanish dude is a fucking idiot. I speak on behalf of Mexicans and we dont want this jack ass representing us. Leroy just lost his audience.
Did you ever get the impression that Leroy was under the influence?
I apologize for the hispanic individual he is completely delusional dont take him serious
Hey Steven, I'm a Mexican currently living in mexico. My point of view and i hope i change your mind by telling you that i can agree with you that you should clearly enforce the border, but the reason i personally think the wall shouldn't be built is because it is a symbol of hostile separation between to countries (neighbors by the way) that care for each other and help each other economically. With that said, the wall could create a line between to countries that care for each other and have the same principles. In conclusion i think you shouldn't build a wall but instead enforce the police and security in and near the border. Let's build bridges not walls. 

Yours faithfully Santiago
Yeah clearly he (the guy in the white tshirt) means RFID chips in people which is pretty evil. Much more evil than a wall.
God these people are stupid
a lot of peoples intentions are good and i respect it but people need to stop being biased and actually think for themselves, its hard to watch sometimes lmao
"XRAY MACHINESSSSS" sounds like a very unnecessary expense. the walls cheaper and safer.
The interviewees were DOA. We'll have to see this one again to get some better footage.
Don't throw away that banner just yet Mr. Crowder and Mugclub Gang.
They're turning the frogs gay!
Change my mind.
Donald trump literally said Mexicans the very first time thats the reason us Mexicans hate him so dam much but then changed it to immigrants and everybody seems to forget how he first worded it and say no he didn't say that.
Send all the white people back to Europe as well, how about that?
We need an Ellis Island of the Mexican border
You are an asshole
But can we all agree "build the wall with your ass" is pretty funny?
10:30 DAMN! I want what he's having! That's clearly some strong shit! 

I mean, why shouldn't we tag all illegal immigrants like they did to the Jews at Auswitchz lol And then have them pass through a fucking x ray machine the size of the whole damn border LOL
This man is living in 2130
I wish they still taught actual history in schools, because that last dude just explained what the Nazis did to the Jews with branding them with ID numbers that get checked everywhere they go....

He just literally advocated for ID numbers on everyone.... but they are so against boarders.

I just have no idea anymore..... I give up.
Wow Im against a wall but these arguments were terrible
Isn't there already a wall there tho
Why build a wall when you can simply x-ray the fuck out of the immigrants. No pregnant mexicans on his watch.
This wall is based on the idea that it is possible to stop immigration, for that to happen you would literally need to satellite track every single human on the planet and know there where abouts.. 
i think walls work for animals, but humans are too intelligent. trump needs to go back to his drawing board and think of a better idea, this will be just as useless as all of there other attempts to stop immigration.
Youre retarded
All these videos do is show how many crazy people are out there
This is so painful to watch.  Build the wall
the walther ,  means please don't kick my ass
So.. how you can tax someone who illegally entered the country and committed crimes, even worse he went back where he came from?
Is this kid knowing what he's talking about?
Completely pointless video.
Nobody ever will be able to stop immigration, ANYWHERE. This is a natural phenomenon, between states and other countries. Try as you might, your not gonna stop it.
idk how Steven talked to the guy in the white shirt for so long.
Build the wall I don't care, but man, Mexico isn't paying for it.
My man in the white shirt sounds like hes pro recreational cocaine
the second guy is the reason you need stricter border control.
"borders will become something of the past" lmao.. this dude is delusional and an imbecile... He's saying there will be one country only.. no borders just one country... Wow didn't think someone this stupid existed
He definitely doesn't support the wall but supports a ridiculous system where the government can tag and track you where ever you are like a dog. Wouldn't the wall just be easier and not invasive of your human rights and freedom??? that guy just doesn't get it at all.
Did the Spanish guy just basically suggest tagging immigrants with electronic tracking tags/chips...... O_O oh dear god...... XD
Crowder eat chowder you weed hating canadian fart! Build bridges and love humanity!
Just build that fucking wall already.
What are they teaching kids in college today? 8:42 "I believe there'll no borders in 5 to 10 years"  that's the stupidest statement ever made .....and he sits there all proud of himself and his supreme intelligence recording himself going one on one with Crowder and  doesn't know dick about anything ......we're doomed
Wow...... Guy in white shirt is a liberal balloon head. Surprise surprise
The earth is round change my mind
Wow. Mexican in white shirt has no clue.
the statistics used in this video are ludicrous and not backed by anyone
That guy was on a good one. X-ray wall??? I think he's on to something.
Crowder just loves david duke.
Wall costs too much and it won't stop illegal immigration.  Change my mind.
Yeah, building the wall is mostly a waste of resources and times, rips neighbourhoods apart, and so on.
The wall will not do too much.
It will mostly create a market for high ladders and tunnel diggers. Meanwhile costing billions, with which you can do more usefull stuff.
It will cost billions more to build loads of cameras, staff it, and so on.
Doubt it will do much.

Don't see extra taxes for such people really working. They'd do everything they can to stay illegal then, or they'd likely be no better off.
If they are legal citizens, extra taxes for them might be illegal, unfair, etc.
It's not easy.
What is the solution ?

TRY AND MAKE A BETTER WORLD FOR EVERYONE, START SOMEWHERE !
And no, the US will not do that, it will not do that for its own citizens, they are even fine with having swaths of them being blown away from time to time, healthcare is crap, wages are crap, the US doesn't give a fuck.
In the US, no lives matter.
Is this real life?
I love these open border people.  How many of them put their kids to bed at night, go to sleep themselves and leave their front door unlocked or wide open for that matter?  Its insane...  people are only for open borders if it doesnt affect them directly.  What they fail to realize is at some point it will.
We know who's doing the drugs.
I got a Steven crowder add
Cmon you cant think building a wall is the best solution, we can solve things more smarter than a wall
X-ray scanner with no boarder... this guy should work for N.A.S.A 
Cleaning toilets
Crowder cant find anyone of anyone to debate of any real intellectual substance.
Leeroy u aint from spain ur darker than me bro n ur accents thicker than mine bruh
10:23 When you've seen way too many sci-fi movies.
A wall would just be ineffective if we build a 20 ft wall all that would happen is there a bigger market for 21 ft ladders
Murderers should Not be separated from their children.... Change my shorts and mind
Lets just take a moment and rethink this. Sojust tag or GIVE A FREE GREEN CARD tothe people who are sneaking in and hereillegally an just make them legal but still make the people who want to come herelegally from other country'sgo throughall ofthe immigration laws. What do you think they will do Hmmmm????? ( I WOULD GO TO MEXICO AND SNEAK IN FOR A FREE TAG!!!!!). You alsohave to funnel them throughto check points to tag them or in essence GIVE THEM AFREEGREEN CARD (TAG!)you idiot.As far as the ones that are already here. You will only be able toGIVE FREE GREEN CARDSto the one's that are caught and/or come forward to be tagged. I sure wouldn't want to be tagged and pay taxes they seam to do pretty well untagged. I like how he says tagged like an animal as well yet we are the racists ones.Isn't that what a green card is a fucking tag or number in essence any how?The onesalready hereshould be deported first an for most because they are breaking the law in the first place. If you are punished for a stupid traffic violation. Why shouldn't they be punished for breaking a very serious law in the first place!!!!!That was the stupidest shit I have ever heard. So in essence a digital scanningWALLLLLL that scans them as they pass through to become legal citizensand AQUIRE FREE GREEN CARDSboom justlike that no checking them out to see who or what kind of person they are. Also if they don't have a tag be for coming across how can they be scanned.We will be in the same boat trying to catch and round up 100 timesas many people now asthey scramble across. Which bringsus back to funneling them through check points and building some sort of WALL!!!We might as well just call it all America rather thannorth and south America but I don't think we are ready to manage south Americas problems at the moment. No one says we don't want them here. We just want them here legally and documented like the rest of us!!! I do believe he said he is not Mexicanhe is Spanish his family has just been living in New Mexico sense the 1550's.... really??????? If that were true wouldn't that make him American or at the very least Mexican??????? 1550's huh?
''... Now, I'm not saying I AM that mastermind, but... I just invented an X ray border. BEETCH!''
There are some of these change my minds that really just make me think the world is stupid.
opiates.. uh
super fast..uh , thing of the past... uh
The 2nd guy ended almost every sentence with an a after the last worda 
Well coming from an illegal family we hate to see a wall separating 2 nations but I do agree on deporting the ones that are in jail or have more then 2 DUI, if people are to come here, they should be clean and actually be wanting to work
5:13 New Mexican pride! Hell ya!!!!
WOW..I can't believe some people actually stop and talk to this guy...
The wall is pointless lol
"X-ray border"
So the guy in the white shirt is a moron. We have ways to become a citizen. Just follow the god damn steps!!!! So instead of requiring people to obey the law, we just open the borders and we.....bar-code and scan the people as they cross like some kind of futuristic slave migration. Oh and I really liked the giant Xray wall. Totally cheaper than just building a border and protecting it.

Christ I hate these people.
Im an immigrant, and I am the side of law. They have to deport illegal immigrants that are not willing to contribute to the society and that are against order, not that legal immigrants and citizens are an example of active members of society, most of the time they are just as bad as the criminal that we are trying to deport or put in jail.
The wall, not only is financially impossible is very unlikely to be ever finished, maintain and well guarded, we have to be realistic about this. Sure the wall would bring a sense of security, but would it? 
Majority of the illegal immigrants come as legal tourists and then decide to extant their stay, therefore becoming illegal visitors. How is the wall going to stop tourists from becoming illegal immigrants?
According to the https://travel.trade.gov/view/m-2017-I-001/index.asp In 2017, for the first nine months of 2017, we had approximately 55 million visitors, legal visitors, in the country. I ask again, how the wall is going to stop them?
Its easy to criticize, yell and insult these people, but, if you have not experienced or follow what happens on a day-to-day base you should research what really. 
We do need an immigration reform and figure it out a way to help the people that are in the country, but the wall is not the answer.
wow, dude with the white shirt is an idiot
I'm against illegal immigration, but building a wall is crazy to me. It takes up too much time and money, money we can be spending on more important things. Personally, I think immigrating to America is way too difficult and takes so long and that's why people are coming illegally. People are leaving countries like Honduras for example, one of the most violent countries in the world, so their children can grow up in America and have more opportunities growing up. Again, I don't think people should be coming here illegally, but the process of immigration should be refined. It takes years to immigrate to America and really only a small amount make it. Instead of building a wall, the process of immigration should be refined.

If anyone disagrees with this, please let a girl know because I would honestly love to hear what you guys have to say about it.
The white shirt guy is playing a lot Watch Dogs and watching a lot of Sci-Fi movies
He's like :Yo,people you gotta pass through scanners and shit.And there could be a way of tag an ID to see where people are .
And don't forget the magical x-ray border
Not familiar with Lucky Palmer's virtual wall? Much more logical and would've made his argument even stronger.
democrats want people lower than IQ 80 infest the country.
anyone with brains wont vote for them
Oh god that second guy no wall well just use really expensive technology that doesnt yet exist to do basically nothing good idea right?
You just have an unique debate style and u basically control where the argument goes. Youre using skills against normal people talking. You know how to control the crowd and keep them on your side. You make irrelevant points relevant. You provide no facts that sound legit by your tone and then just say the source is online, knowing nobody will check. When wrong you ask for proof knowing normal people dont walk around with the stats to back up arguments. 1 asshole recognizes another  cool channel tho 
while i am hispanic and i dont believe like steven does to build a wall, that hispanic guy was dumb as fuck
I understand the immigration concerns, but a wall? Super expensive, plus it probably wouldn't even be effective. To me, an enormous wall sounds like an idea a child would come up with.
Um, people are dumb...

I applaud your ability to NOT make fun of that kid.

Bless his heart. (Southern for You aint smart)
The first lady made me sad. It was sad how she was so afraid
Im Mexican and I dont care about the wall just that who wants it pays it
"XRay border"? Did this guy smoke a blunt a half an hour before arriving at the booth?
Its okay to build the wall but Mexico shouldnt pay for the wall cause its Americas desire to build it and you know it
I'm for the U.S. protecting its borders but I think building a physical wall across the whole border is a bad idea. The main concern I have with a wall is the interfering with the movements of plant seeds and land animals.

   I would recommend a "virtual wall", you put up bright orange concrete pylons with in visible range of each other along the border with an inscription that says in English and spanish "These mark the U.S.A.-Mexican border. It is ILLEGAL to cross here! If you would like to enter the U.S.A., the nearest border crossing is located at [location]. Behind that you can bury a wire (or a grid of wires) that give off an magnetic field and hall sensors that can detect changes to that field whenever something moves near it. With a little tweaking it should be able to detect the differences between a human, a vehicle, a deer etc. and if it detect a human it could alert drones to go and document and human border patrol if needed.
So he is against an old school wall but if the wall is high-tech then it's fine
Berlin Wall 1989 !
Steven man you should have not put that video of the woman with the plant. She could be in danger now for being a snitch. And even a blinde person can identify her by her body type, her bag and her nurse uniform and skin color. You should re-edit this fast.
How can we tax immigrants or ask for identification when they are coming illegally...... how do we find these people when they are here illegally...... they are probably coming here because they dont have money and they need to make money. So even if we can tax them somehow they probably wouldnt be able to afford us taxing them
I think we need to make immigration harder but the wall is expensive and unneeded seen as most immigrants come on work visas and overstay there length they are allowed and its sad to have too but we need to get rid of people that we dont have knowledge of who think they can do whatever they want
Leroy _ dumb as dumb can get!! Build the bloody damn wall!! #MAGA
37% of crime REALLY?  Where do you get your numbers from? And when it comes about drugs probably 80% of drug users are white American citizens. If Y'all want to stop drug trafficking build more rehab centers for drug users and stop consuming it.... Better yet us Hispanics we can build the rehab centers for Y'all for the right price....
Funny how his response was just make them legal. Everyone forgets, the motive for trump voters is to keep the jobs they have and opportunities for the next generation. Not to have it swiped from under them.
Error: 4:27 : We might find some areas where we disagree where we disagree. Crowder is the best, this video is awesome, and we all need to join the mug club.
Build the wall
The wall would leave contractors with a massive project, but it is useless in the end. Most people come here with visitor visas or student visas and just overstay; the wall isn't keeping out people who we let in. It's also a stupid use of billions of dollars, when the majority of immigrants who do end up getting here and creating a stable life contribute a lot of money to the growth in our GDP and economic health. If we want to help stop immigration flow, just work with the government of the countries from which the immigrants originate and help them end corruption and drug trafficking.
spanish guy was on adderal 100%
Conservatives: Typically want to reduce government spending
Also conservatives: Build a multi billion dollar wall!!!!!!!

A wall will do very little to stop illegal immigration into America. Change my mind.

The woman even brings up that a wall will do very little to stop illegal immigration and Crowder just changes the subject entirely...
I dont agree with you at some points but I respect that you sit down and talk civilized with the people. All I can say is thanks for being respectful to everybody and staying calm and all that.loving ur content
There could be a border fence.  And then both countries can work together on immigration.  Something like on the Mexico side of the border there could be housing for the immigrants that want to come in.  And then the U.S with the help of Mexico have  a school that can help these said immigrants learn and study about america and pass a test that can provide them the path for citizenship. 

If people are given this option I believe they would be more interested in coming that way instead of risking getting shot
I'm against the wall because it points the finger at only one group of people. This country was built on immigration.  It was made great because of immigration.
What a dimwit
WE NEED TO BUILD A WAAAAAAALL
Im Mexican and I got family in Mexico ....  I say build the wall
I strongly think Leroy is... how am I gonna say this and not be disrespectful? Leroy been smoking way too much drugs, hes brain is like a KFC chicken breast.
This last guy is thinking into some futuristic stuff, he is about to create skynet!
Damn all the Latinos on this are fucking retarded. Come on im Mexican and at least I could speak my mind in a understanble way.
Gotta put yourself in their shoes. We all live our nice lives and can comment on these videos with our opinion, hiding behind our glass screens. Trump said it during him campaign to appeal to his voters. And now he just wants to keep them. At first everyone thought Mexico would pay for it, now they dont care if the USA pays for it. I think we should secure our borders sure, but people can still take planes here. Boats too. Is trump gonna build a wall on the coast of the Florida keys or anywhere in south Florida? Its where I live and Ive seen many immigrants come to our shores on boats, from Haiti, Cuba, etc. and trumps got a house where theyre landing (mar a lago). Most of these people just want better lives. Theyre hard working people. Goto any restaurant and youll see all the dish washers are Haitian. Very nice people and they will cook the most amazing food. Trump doesnt understand this. He comes down here in south Florida every winter and sits in his gold plated mansion. While across the bridge theres some bad ghetto where these immigrants live. Trumps never worked a day in his life, hes had a silver spoon since he was born. Us in America take too many things for granted I guess.
One guy is funny i dont want to be tracked more then i already am
Im not really sure about all the stuff that goes in to building the wall but i feel that that money could be spent better in other areas like econmics that could help mexico and decrese poverty in mexico and doing something to better stop drug smuggling but im not sure how this stuff works and if my idea would even work
This dude is from 3018... sick x Ray boarder idea
The people on this show make me lose brain cells
illegal immigrants commit less crime than US born citizens. These aren't facts. An illegal immigrant will avoid crime to maintain there lives in ANY country
Wouldnt the wall be a pain in the ass to build and maintain
i would love to argue with you about this having both citizenships, being born in mexico and living in san diego. we could have a great argument because i agree in some points but also disagree with others and i can say complete sentences lmao
Wow is this guy on drugs or just stupid?
I just don't want to have to pay for a wall that is not even going to be that helpful.
Somehow I feel as if an x-ray wall would cost more
The gopro guy has smoked a lot of dope, he's still hallucinating.
That was hard too watch
I hate the guy in the white shirt.
I dig the "uh" this dude says after everything..I meanuh I digguh whatuh he is sayinguh..yep..that was my two cents on the controversial issue
The xray border and being a number in a database. I have heard way too many people who support essentially roll time monitoring by the government or Zero freedom.
We all have to agree building the wall is ridiculous it's just a waste of time and money people are going to come regardless
That intro killed me
You can't have social security money AND open borders -if there isn't a wall, then you don't have 'free' shit from the government. THAT is the only solution to not having a wall.

 Agree? or disagree?
That sketchy Hispanic guy "Leeroy" talked with a pretty bad accent...when according to him his family has been in New Mexico since the 1550s. What a clown.
Why are people so stupid? We can tax immigrants! We can use that money to boost the economy!


What about the damn money that they would cost the country?!
Dewd, "scientifical x-ray border"......really?
That was sad..... How does that guy not realize how idiotic that sounded
these are some of the dumbest people so far....change my mind.
This onr is easy whos going to foot the trillion dollar bill? Oh you and me with taxes right so big fat tax increase for all americans no thanks. I dont eant to pay the wall tax plus theres all the armed secruity that has to be paid so that wall tax will just stay forever unlce sam will take another 3 percent fro. Your pay tp build a wall and man it for the rest of ypur life and meanwhile the illegals will still get in and cause whatever problems that are said to be caused by them and youll still be paying a wall tax. But they wont. They have no social security or ID cant tax illegals so essentially youll pay for an ineffective wall wgile the people you tried to keep out make a killing since they of course dont have to pay taxes.
Crowder is a true patriot.
Even though you're the most close minded person on earth... you should realise that people have these new things called ladders...and shovels... Walls are retarded motion and thermal cameras would be much more protective and useful...
As a result of pres Trumps immigration agenda,there has been bidding war for trades jobs which in turn makes wages go up.As the saying goes the proof is in the pudding.This is a excellent argument for the wall I wish Crowder would touch on.
Oh yeah oh yeah this guy is a real freaking genius not Crowder the other one the hispanic guy
Build two walls
Do climate change next
been illegal is not a race...is a status..change it get a passport and a permit stop being a lazy fuck!!! DO IT THE RIGHT WAY!!
#HISPANICS FOR TRUMP 2020!
#xray border!!!


xrayborder....hahhahahahhahahahhahahahahhaahhaahhaha
The second dude thinks that were living in 3050 with all the technology hes proposing
yeah, dont waste money building a wall!!! just build a magical exray gate that looks into the soul of prospective immigrants to divine their motivation (if they want to commit crimes [other than being an illegal alien]) and affiliation with nefarious organizations.  itll be powered by uncorn dust and fairy farts!!!!
Hi
I'd rather have a wall, than a fucking "X-Ray gate" and electronic ID Tags. WTF?
Laser beams
people will found ways around the wall.
To put the record straight I am not for illegal immigration but I feel a wall is unnecessary and is just a waste of money and resources and is just an effort in futility will a wall truly keep people out yes it may cut down on illegal immigration but there are more cost effective and time effective ways to cut down on illegal immigration
an x-ray gate :D
Wtf did I just watch
I think a physical wall is stupid because that's not gonna stop illegal immigrants from coming in, and it would push our country billions of dollars further into dept. Also we would have to maintain the wall when would cost even more we would also have to pay security, workers, and builders. President Bush also built a chain link fence along the border that costed millions so a full on wall would be ridiculous.
Do this one again
Wow! She was a master debater!
The future will be electronic checkpoints to pass into countries. We have a net 0% of mexican immigrants coming into the country meaning the same amount come in as leave. The US involvement in central america has led to unrest in Mexico and that has to be acknowledged if you want to have a rational conversation. The failed and wasted money on the drug war. A Wall is a complete waste of money when we supposedly have none to spend on infrastructure, healthcare, or education. Flints water is still completely dirty along with an incredible amount of other cities in the country. Over 4000 died in puerto rico ( a US territo) more then in 9/11 but the media doesn't report it. How can a canadian who has free healthcare and education try and tell us to waste resources on a wall what is this 1045 BC? A stone wall is the grand future you envision? All this technology advancement but peoples ideals and morality seem to diminish.
That spicc watched a cool futuristic movie
The wall would cost too much for us to handle in our current state of dept, and most immigrants come by sea or air anyway, if you do the research building a physical wall would have little effect on stopping illegal immigration. However, immigrant reform IS needed, it needs to stop illegals while accepting more hard working beneficial legals into the country
Did he just say we need a x-ray  scanner border
This guy really is in support of a more futuristic wall.
Street people talk things with far more sense than university guys. They seem cooler dudes,their ideas may be off but they have like good intention
They can go over it, under it, and plow through it. Lets waste billions on this because itll totally do something, not.
Honestly people who get so triggered about the wall blow my mind. Most people just automatically assume it's some sort of racist thing to build a wall. How do they fail to realize it's blocking ILLEGALS from LITERALLY walking into the USA and leeching off of the society and infrastructure while paying no taxes in return. It's not even a nuanced thing to understand. It's like their IQ is double digit.
New Mexico  is fucked
O
Minute 7...
Well illegals are 4 % of the population and comit 36% of the murder
Mexican answer ..... well every body comit crimes....
Fucking hell they are very very unproductive people.
There is nothing morally wrong with immigrating. Agree with the man that we should allow them in and then tax them. We shouldnt give them any benefits until they are citizens. We will probably get rich off of it or maybe even pay off our debt. Then we can stop using most of our border force to catch taco sellers and we can take that force and focus the drug dealers.
Thats a hypothetical, that a lot of people who come into this country DONT want to pay taxes. I support a plan and a path to legal immigration but a wall is just silly to me and financially unsustainable. We have far more serious concerns that we need to tackle. The job and education system is a cluster right now.
is that first guy fucking high, he doesn't know what he is talking about at all.
The biggest problem I have with it is the environmental factors, like preventing migration.
What he is trying to propose is an RFID system which still relies on you actually going through the readers... Even a large scale long range RFID system can be bypassed quite easily if there is no one there to enforce it (i.e if someone just doesn't have the tag on them and walks through what is the repercussion?) It would be quite a costly affair and would rely on you being able to tell everyone in every country around you to get this tag. It's a stupid idea and the solution to the scenario I put forward is a very dangerous mindset and if it were ever suggested I would run for the hills...
God is real change my mind
GLOBIST SHILL
Please make a better video. Find people who know what they are talking about
Commenting before I watch the video: building a wall won't do a lot for immigration, it will be extremely costly (obviously) and according to politifact.com, 40% of undocumented immigrants come to the country legally (by air, mind you) and overstay their visas. I'm sure the number would increase if you added the amount of people that come by boat, and even more if you add people that are here whom we don't even know about.
I dont support the wall but this guy in the white shirt is so fucking stupid
Racist people are ignorant. Change my mind
He's talking about digital tracking you all. Everyone gets a tracking device on a card or implanted chip. It's scanned at any airport you go to and if there's an issue you have to explain where you're going and why.   You all understood that.
BUILD THE WALL!!! FUCKING MEXICANS ENTERING OUR DAMN COUNTRY ILLEGALY
I don't agree with them but hey at least they everyone was respectful.
Is there an episode where he actually changes his mind?
the stuff the guy in white was saying towards the end, about the passcodes and technology, that would be more oppressive than simply coming in legally with the visa, or taking the citizenship test.
I do somewhat agree with the first lady. I mean, in the 21st century a physical wall isn't gonna stop criminals from doing as they please. Im no expert at border control or how to run a country so I really don't know what to do in this situation to stop them but I am by no means as a citizen going to let my hard earned tax money go towards something like that. But hey, thats just my two cents, y'all can disagree, thats one of the freedoms we have here right?
Hey now......no one says that the illegal drugs need a permit. Just stop the illegal immigrants. Maybe leave a doggie door for the drugs?? Lol
I think we need to build a wall around the guy in the white shirt.
Last guy was an idealist without ideas
So how tall of a wall we talking cause I know this great tool called a ladder. Also walls can be broken soooooooo are we going to hire thousands of more border patrol?  What's the wall made of? What about the portions wear they swim?  If there's a will there's a way. It may cut down the number to a certain degree  but wont stop it. Last point A LOT of people have no idea of the process you have to go through, how much you have to  pay. and the information you have to learn to even come legally. Is it impossible no but it is hard as hell when a peso equates to so little of the us dollar. If you still want to build a wall  reform the way you CAN get in. MOST build the wall thought  is coming from a racist "keep them out" mentality instead of  unbais "make sure they're documented" mentality
That Leroy was a good guy.
We need a second edition at a college campus. You might have semi-intelligent convos there
So what happened at the end?.
Let me say one thing... Crime rate is ~30% for immigrants right? We all know thats bogus. What about white crime rate? There is a lot more whites in jail than any group. Why are all the school shootings from white males? Also whos the consumer of the supposal drugs 13% of the immigrants sell? Whites. I really respected his views but his evidence is utter bs.
Go ahead and build the wall. It's your border, your money..  the wall will be useless, but anyway, whatever floats on your boat
Building the wall is the wrong way to go. People will get in no matter what so the money should be used somewhere else such as medical or science fields. What will a higher wall do? People can still dig or swim around it. Immigrants are not criminals, they work hard and contribute to our economy equally as hard as any citizen. Deport the people who are actually wanted and being searched for, dont deport the immigrant looking man shopping at your Walmart and claim his crime is stealing a job. Unless youre Native American, you and your family were once immigrants so why are you bothered by someone looking for a better place for their family?
An x-ray gate that says when you're there everybody!
This dude has a East LA accent.
wow some people are so stupid ..its ridiculous...build that fucking wall
Why does Crowder only show himself talking with people or are uninformed or crazy? There's plenty of competent people who've thought critically on these issues. Did he only talk to 2 people this whole day?
Hey guys do u hear a low voice of a children talking from 0:00 til 0:35..?
I belive in tighter border control but the wall is too expensive and illiegal imagrints will still get in we could put outpost with spotlights every like 50ft of the fence
There is no way the dude in the white shirt is going become governer. He is way to damn delusional.
I'm for more immigration security and stopping illegals from getting in but what is a wall gonna do
Man, that's hard to watch. X-ray wall ! X-ray wall will solve it all.
Wtf be is up with the dumbass Hispanic guy adding an a to the end of words? The governor of New Mexico? Keep dreaming you fuckin'weirdo.
such child minded "dreamers'. "we could..."" like, why do we need laws. a lot are hard workeen"
100% of illegal immigrants have committed at least one crime.
I'm only against the wall because of the animals that will be affected by it like Pygmy Owls. That's like one of the only reasons.
Illegals commit 37% of homicides????? What a bullshit stat. That is such a flat out lie that it even sounds wrong rolling off the tongue
build a wall lol how retarded are people in the US
reason not to build the wall, money and is it even possible or effective, don't new studies show most illegal immigrants are visa overstays and fly into the country.I have seen studies showing thatthe usa economybenefits from these workers doing fruit picking and other non skilled work now correct me on that if you will, but a wall does not seem effective in this modern world I mean it didn't work for china lol.
I like the since fiction ideas from the guy in the Whiteboard shirt
Dude in the white shirt is a fucking idiot  wow
This Mexican guy is a dunce
Lmao that guy in the white shirt is an idiot , "My family came from Spain to Mexico in the 1550s"... You're Mexican you fucking idiot.
That is a great syfy novel...he should get a movie deal
simple, is ussless
No point in building a wall, look at how drugs and illegal immigrants get into this country. It's NOT from walking across the border that a wall would prevent. The actual #1 cause of illegal immigration is from FLYING with fake ID's. Some of the same ID's can be used hundreds of times and keep getting mailed back to fly across similar looking individuals. Also fishing vessels and tunnels dwarf illegal immigration by above land that a wall would potentially prevent. It's sad how uninformed politicians and people like you are about the reality.
Wow that was the most useless 13 minutes of my entire life. Neither you nor any of the arguers had any coherent points to make. Way to choose the worst demographic possible Stevey. Eat a dick.
That Spanish dude was on something its obvious lol. But poor guy. At least he tried.
I love how the first woman contradicted herself when she asked how to report the money launderers. It proves a much bigger point how the wall can help people who are here legally.
Holy shit, this dude solved our problems




An x-ray border
4:22
"we might find areas where we disagree vs where we disagree"
Hottie @ 2:18
"we need an xray thingy to xray people that pass people and like enters them into the like database" man o man this man is dreamin
Wrecked that pooor autistic kids.
The "build the wall" idea is to bring more security. and we all know security will be at the cost of our freedoms. Wake up people, Thomas jeferson said anyone that chooses security and liberty doesn't deserve either.
How can you be racist if you cut yourself off from other races? Think about it people.
My view on this as an Egyptian who needs a visa to visit every single country and not really accepted easily in most countries with doubts that I might stay illegally even though I can afford my travel which makes me Pro-No Borders as it's the case in Europe between European countries. If you make the immigration process simple and acceptable for everybody, since we're all humans that have the right to live wherever we are and shouldn't be judged (as humans) based on our race or belief, we shouldn't be judged according to where we were born too. Plus the fact that when you ban something, it becomes more likely to be wanted so when you do not make traveling between borders hard, people won't risk their lives to do it as much as when you prohibit it. If I have the right to travel anywhere like Americans or Europeans, I won't be eager to think that I should illegally immigrate and risk my life and my family's life to do that, since it became a choice, so I will be happy to apply for a residence permit and be legal if I need to live in another country and perhaps regarding the tax issue, if people are below a certain income, then perhaps they don't need to pay taxes (since most of the illegal immigrants are working in the lowest paying jobs anyways) they are just under the radar. So as a conclusion, I see there should be no discrimination against any other nation's people based on where were they born, since that cause them to either stay poor in their own country or be illegal immigrants if their status doesn't allow them to fit within the current eligible candidates. Second, there should be acceptance by all countries that whoever wants to travel anywhere, he should be granted that according to the law, he should follow the law of the hosting country, should be legal resident, should follow easy procedures like the ones Europeans have between their borders, just travel with their ID, no need for a passport even, but the Passport is not the issue here of course. Third, people should treat others as normal human beings, I don't mind people coming to my country politely working with me and making money, they are not stealing me and treating me like shit and they take all the goods like the occupation of the US to most of the countries of the old occupation of countries to one another, no, just workig side by side as normal human beings, then I won't feel imprisoned in my country if I needed to leave or if I see that America or Australia fits my preferences and my life goals, there shouldn't be nationalism anymore and the idea that we as Egyptians are the owners of this piece of land so we control everyone else, and we Americans are the best in the world and anyone else coming to us is going to take our goods and should be treated like shit and we English are the uniques of the earth and no one should take our jobs, all of the nationalism is bullshit. Build a wall like old historic cities to provide easy residence and work permits if you want or make laser beams, that doesn't matter, most importantly is how to unite all as one again and let everyone who wants to immigrate and complete his or her life elsewhere actually able to do that.
You wanna know what the BEST argument against building a border wall is?  Because it would end up being just another piece of infrastructure that America refuses to properly maintain.  drops mic You're welcome.  
Seriously, look at your roads, bridges, power grid, sewage, etc. etc. etc...  There's nothing in this country's infrastructure that even approaches being "well maintained."  So a border wall would literally be just another piece of infrastructure that continuously falls into and out of disrepair.
My family has been in new mexico since the 1550s
Second guy I can level with. He wants to optimize the way people become legal citizens. I agree with that. I believe in maximizing the border security while making the process as good as possible. Make it faster but also harder to pass the criteria. America wants the hard working legal citizens for our great country.
He wants to be governor of NM but he can't put one concise sentence together. Sounds about right.
That last guys parents mustve lied and told him he could be whatever he wanted to be when he grew up. It doesnt work that way your incoherent rambling will get you no votes
i love what steven does and i am someone who has been a liberal and is much more center right now.  something id like somebody to explain though, is why people care so much about illigal immigrants.  to some of you this probably sounds insane, but I really do not see much of a problem with illigal immigrants.
You don't need the wall. You need to take away the incentives as to why they come here. You need to take away all of the benefits and handouts that they get. If they don't have the incentives to come here you then cut down on spending AND you don't have to spend money on a wall. Will it completely stop all of them from coming here illegally? No. Will the wall stop all of them? No! They already come here via tunnels, through the air and water. The wall is useless!! Here's another thought, use returning military to beef up the security. It gives them a job and they will be doing something that they are familiar with.
10:53 We should just put shock collars on all the Mexicans with an invisible fence.
losing brain cells by the second both so stupid shouldnt b allowed to leave the house
The mark of the beast I know what he is talking about the frid chip inplant
the guy in the white shirt is trying so hard to look smart for his little camera. wow what is even coming out of his face? My brain hurts. I gotta go I'm late for my meeting with my masterminds to disgust this
Im sad because i cant get a job in my area because there is so many mexicans. If they got deported all the kids and people in my area would have jobs again.
How do you broadcast "statistics" that are highly inaccurate and try to claim to be open to discussion? Immigrants, illegal or otherwise, do not commit crimes at higher percentages than native Americans.
All of these people just spread random blabber
That Spanish guy is fucking mental
Hey hey over here. How do i report does ppl
The statistics numbers are fucking lie. Black and white Americans are crackheads and kill and steal day and night . Where the fuck you getting these fake statistics from.
sounds like cattle tracking bet old slave owners would have loved something like this. I know today's thugs would
Trump is America's President
       Change my Mind
Lets see how your president deals with our brand new president :) I wanna see your wall ;)
The guy in the white shirt is from the twilight zone or has smoked some really good shit . I want some of that
even though I agree with Crowder 95% of the time, I would just once like to see a well informed individual present a well thought out, cohesive, and fact based argument against Crowder
Name some examples of massive walls actually working.....are we going to name the wall the 2nd Berlin wall
Yeah ...i guess we're going to build a wall so my generation can bust that wall down to celebrate unity....history reapets itself ....the wall will destroy America and it's people ..its just to costly to build
Please do a part two of this and somehow get more people to talk to you
This guy wants the mark of the beast (666) from the book of Revelations.
Cuz said X-ray scanners 
That last dude was on something 
Dude wants a laser wall... Awesome
Ugh Im commenting too much. But pharmaceuticals arent much of a problem anymore. Well painkillers arent. The benzos and psychotics are a problem but thats cause people like to get locked into a drug induced fantasy world. A wall would keep most of the heroin out of the country as its being shipped from countries like Afghanistan to Mexico then to the us. Not like heroin is coming from Canada.
I was talking to my dad about politics a little bit ago (he is left, I am centrist) and I was talking about a lot of the things Steven said here. My dad raised a great point though, that seems to be true from my research. While migrants cost us money the first generation, their second and third generations actually pay that back and then some. I wonder what Steven/you guys think about this, as I can't find any counterargument in media (which is left wing)
How do you make money off someone that doesnt exist in your system? Lol that second guy was dumb as shit. I think we need stricter deportation laws.  An electronic id tag. So you want to treat immigrants as though they are lions and you put a tag on them. Sometimes I think these people dont actually hear the shit that plops out of their mouths.
Damn isnt a wall a bit too much holy shit
China has a Great Wall, none of these people seem to give a shit about that.
You wont see this truth on mainstream media! That poor woman needs help along with her community at large. Sanctuary laws are derogatory to the safety and well-being of the legal immigrants and their communities!
I think these people think that this wall would be solid without any gate for officially passing the border lol
For that 'supposed spanish american'.  IF WE DON'T know who the illegals are, where they are and what work they do (cause they are getting paid under the table.  HOW THE HELL DO WE TAX THEM?
As for that first gal (the supposed legal immigrant), how long has she been here?  Cause she certainly sounded like someone who's barely learned the language..
Americans are so dumb wow
The current fence is good enough. Just double down on deporting those legally in the nation
An X-RAY wall ehh? Hahahaha. Smoke the bong some more.
Dudes a fucking retard.. X-ray boarders?? That is a ridiculous idea.. Just build the fucking wall
the title got me triggered lol.
Building a wall is costly and useless illegal immigrants are already going through extreme measures to cover me here a wall wont stop them theyll dig under climb over it knock a whole through it there already risking there lives so whats a wall we do have to find a solution but a wall is a half as idea
WHO MONITORED THE PILGRIMS? ARE THEY NOT ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS TOO? WHO IS REALLY AMERICAN OR LEGALLY AMERICAN?  AND THE ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS DO PAY TAXES, THEY DO NOT FILE FOR TAXES MOST OF THEM, WHERE DO YOU THINK THAT BILLION DOLLARS A FEW YEARS AGO CAME FROM? NO ONE IS GOING TO STOP THE REAL AMERICANS WHO HAVE BEEN HERE THOUSANDS OF YEARS TO CLAIM THIS LAND BACK.
That ladies Face looks familiar!
He Want's to be the Governor of New Mexico :( ???????????????
White shirt is a pinball in a pinball machine.
Maybe his thought is that the Space Force will be able to track MicroChips that illegals willingly have planted in them 
Fuck you that's our money going into it. (If you're not a U.S. Citizen this doesn't apply to you)
Are they gonna like fill in all the underground paths and stuff because its not just about the surface
7:50  did he just almost say get then married? Haha
The guy in the white is delusional.
Build the X-ray border scientifcal border gate and ID tag every immigrant... Just don't build a wall... oh and be sure to bring a note.
That actually has happened with immigrants being scared to call the police... watch my video on little luz PERFECT EXAMPLE
Omg your face at the end
His family has been in New Mexico since the 1550's?????
I feel like you seek out easy targets.
that second guy sounds like a conspiracy theorist nut job. XD
We need no borders, but x-rays.  Got it.
Illegal immigrants are necessary for the American economy. It has  been shown that allowing more migrants reduces illegal immigration. Give more people green cards and allow them to come and go more freely reduces people staying for fear of not coming back.
That Spanish guy is actually extremely stupid. Because travel will get more efficient and faster borders won't exist? Lol what are you rambling about?
The white t shirt guy actually seems really cool and kind but hes just misinformed and uneducated.
Well if we stopped the drugs from coming in then nobody here period would be able to sell them
A wall isnt going to prevent Visa overstays which is a huge part of the immigration problem.
Lol people are that upset and terrified of a wall to protect our border and help monitor only letting in people that go through the process
The guy in the white shirt  wtf ? An xray border?
So youre telling me people illegally crossing the border is illegal? REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Haha  that last guy was hilarious
The next governor of New Mexico Leeroy Trujillo!!!
#maga
The only good ones are held at college campuses because they have the most knowledge and can actually think critically when making there points, It seems that many of these people are flooded with fake news and stuff that they read or hear on tv.
X-RAY BORDER LMAOOOO this guy is on drugs
So if I understand this, Buddy there wants everyone to be like microchiped and and scanned whenever they cross the a border so that they could be registered immigrants instead of illegal ones. But what this boils down to is that he wants all illegal immigrants to just become legal immigrants. Wouldn't that just increase all the problems you mentioned with immigration?
Its insane how liberals say stuff like this but try to make stereotypes for conservatives
We need the wall.
That Spanish dude is so uneducated
this episode second hand embarrasses me
Here's why we shouldn't build the wall: 1.A  majority of illegal immigrants came here legally and just overstayed their visas. 2. Much of the U.S. Mexico border is on the Rio grande river/private property so building a wall would be very difficult, impossible, or unethical. 3. A wall that big would be incredibly expensive to build/maintain and there are better ways to spend that money.
It's a fact that walls/borders work.
We need the wall that is all that is to be said. It is common sense we need a strong border ,and that's when the Wall comes in. We need to know who is coming into our country, and they need to come legally. Has nothing to do with being racist, it has to do with defending America and for people to follow the law ,whenever illegals get what they want from America that is a smack in the face to all the immigrants that come here legally.
Man, this one was painful.  Probably should have kept this one in the B file.
This is the only thing I disagree with you on
This video is why USA should build the wall
What about the interruption of the migration patterns of shit loads of animals by dividing the ecosystem with an impassible object?
I have a question, has there ever been a time when your mind has actually been changed?
I thought most illegal immigrants came over by plane on visas and just overstay. If thats true wouldnt the issue of building a wall and strengthening the physical border be irrelevant? Also where are the funds coming from for this wall, Trump said he wanted Mexico to pay but why would they do it?
"Illegal immigrants commit 37% of homicides" Why do I feel like that's total bullshit statistics?
This gentlemen is clueless, just wants to here himself talk.
I hate that guya who talksa like thisa.
Have you every been convinced?
Why? Firstly the majority of the drugs trafficked into the US are brought by plane and boats, sometimes hidden away in vehicles says the DEA
https://foreignpolicy.com/2017/08/29/trump-says-border-wall-will-stop-drugs-heres-what-a-dea-intel-report-says/

As for illegal immigration... White people, are you gonna pick that fruit? There's a reason immigrants are considered harder workers, fact immigrants have helped America in every single field possible growing and developing America as a whole then the majority of citizens currently bitching and complaining about jobs they refuse to work anyways lol, that's the ironic bullshit about America, its not America that's bullshit it's the self righteous ignorant idiots destroying the country, everyone thinks they're right yet no one researches, everyone piggy backs on another idiotic person's bias views especially when it fits they're personal opinion. So please, get rid of all immigrants with this wall that once again, statically won't stop people from crossing... Google it, the first fact is free but the second I want you Americans to learn something new. Trump sold you America's biggest lie and like morons and idiots you guys ate it up and suckered that overly long red tie. Please continue destroying America cause you wanna be right
I think it was Jordan Peterson that said 1 out of every 10 people have an IQ of less than 85. It's really easy to see that this past year with the screaming herd of retards who are too dumb to debate.
At the 8:45 mark, the scatter-brained leftist from New Mexico admits he's AGAINST Borders, and wants Open Borders for America. But his A.D.H.D. seems so bad that I'm not sure he even comprehended the format of "I'm for building the Wall, try to change my mind".
damm! you tracked your family history back to 1550's! nice job
How about instead of building a wall, we get information distributed on how to legally immigrate to the United States? If these other countries are so bad that we are doing food drops and sending humanitarian efforts there, we should send information in their languages on how our immigration process works. I'm all for immigration as long as it's done legally.
Smh. The 2nd guy needs to study to be stupid.
the debates went way off topic......immigration reforms are neccessary,but wouldn't it be better to invest funds in personnel rather than a bunch of bricks that would most certainly affect the wildlife and agriculture that surround the river.
Steven Crowder has never changed his mind on one of these, the hypocrite. Change My Mind.
Give them a scarlet letter.
Let's get rid the wall and replace it with a border that has something like a checkpoint or gate but instead let's add xray machines and chip every one :D 
That was the best mental gymnastics ever...
.Some how he came up with even more hard forced border with xray machines ..whilst arguing that should be no border anywhere that borders should just go ....
Do you have a fence on your property? Why? To keep people from illegally entering your property. Same with our country! Keep em off my property!
Look, obviously we need to know who is coming into our country. But if youre dumb enough to think we should waste  billions on a wall, youre a special kind of stupid.
Honest question: are border security and the wall the same thing? if so how?
The guy in the white shirt made me feel embarrassed to be from New Mexico. I assure everyone that he is NOT representative of New Mexican citizens. We may be toward the bottom in public education but I believe most of us know that "scientifical" is not a word. I love my home state but if Leroy Trujillo is ever elected governor of New Mexico I may have to consider moving. New Mexico is a great place so please don't use him to measure the rest of the population here.
#makeAmericagreatagain  we let the mexicans pay for the electrical bill for the huge ass xray wall
Put land mines all over the place.
How can you sit that long and try to make sense from that fucking moron? That dude is a fucking idiot...
congrats, you debate random weirdos on the street
I literally could not finish watching.
I swear he finds the most incompetent people to argue with..
"My family has been in new Mexico since like 1550"
Are you brave enough to ask people to change your mind that God exists? Would be interested to see the discussions
Man why did you make me watch that stupid mexican talk haha that was a waste of time
Both these people had no idea what they were talking about!
Am I suppose to take this guy serious? X-rays? Really? This is what happens when you smoke weed and play video games way too much
Get me off this planet.  The stupids are multiplying at a staggering rate.
Personally, I think the wall should be built, just not with Mexican money. However, it could kill of endangered species and endanger some species like the Jaguar and Mexican Wolf. We would be destroying the beautiful nature even more. That being said, my dad came here illegally. He got a good job, his boss helped him become legal, and now we live in a $400,000 house in California. Although, that doesnt mean everyone is going to be good when they come here. So on some points it should be built, but on others it shouldnt. Unless it can have a way to not do damage to the beautiful nature, I am all for it.

Edit: I forgot to mention the reason my dad came here illegally was because at the time, he would be forced into the army for a few years before he was allowed to leave.
It's called an airplane u dumbass
3rd world immigrants take more out of the system than they put in. Within a year  (after paying little, because they are poor, to no taxes) have a child and get WIC, foodstamps, pregnancy medicaid for the mother and lifetime medicaid for each child and other federal subsidies. They also culturally do not limit their births, especially when subsidized. ONE MONTH of foodstamps is 10 more than taxes payed in a month.
No, lets use our tax money on making th--... wait.. to Make the SPACE FORCE! :D hahaha
Wanting to be governor...expressing free thought...smh
This Spanish dude is a little slow he makes no sense. Deport them all
#xrayborder
Deport the last guy
I would love to see Steven and ben Shapiro team up 
Build the wall with your ass, BITCH!!!!!!!
So the First Lady is saying shes against illegal immigration but thinks the wall is unnecessary, honestly I agree I think its kinda a waste but really idk I dont have the facts so it could be better and Ill trust our president
What shocked me was just how ignorant some of these people were and how some would just yell and the argument I hear most often is just oh its racist but thats probably because Im still in school
If you are not here legally get the fuck out and come back the right way.
I almost had a Seizure! 
13:15 My face throughout Leeroy's explanation.
I guess youll have to put a chip in their arm so you can track them  the mark of the beast
It saddens me that people are so selfish and so egotistical that they cant even come up with a more rational solution. Coming here without proper documents is breaking the law, I get this. But to point your finger at every single citizen from another country and accuse them of being criminals, rapists, drug traffickers, etc is just wrong. If people really believe in the Bible or have an ounce of decency in them, they wouldnt put blame on others and treat them so cruel. On top of this, USA was founded by immigrants so in theory every non Indian should be deported. Stop the hate and act like adults.
The guy in the white tee was trolling to get material for his show.
It was obvious from the start of their conversation.
So sad how stupid these fucking people are...
The deadpan look at the end was priceless.
That ladys cool she  doesnt like the saying "build that wall" because shes probably feels like its assuming everyones bad But still wants more security on the border and legal ways to get in . Sounds like she loves america and isnt racist . Rare breed
This was the hardest to listen to "change my mind" 
Every sentence he says ends with "ahh" ... "imigrantsahh"
I'm so frustrated listening listening to his logic. White t-shirt Mexican guy is a dolt
That Mexican guy is an idiot
White T-shirt guy: IDIOT
The drug cartels are hardworking people!
The wall is pointless as long as 3 letter agencies stand to reap profits and power in the war on drugs
Where do you get these people? I disagree with most of the things you say but these people make no sense.. sad to see this :(
My mind will not be changed: change my mind.
why ask idiots...
What did he smoke before talking to you 
you need to get more yusef's in front of you instead of these idiots.  Must be screening for them now.
i just cant stop commenting as i watch the video since the dude gets more retarded as he talks. WTF, there isn't a question about making people go through proper process of migration.  You don't funking need imaginary unicorn pass codes to identify Ur dumb-ass. People go through proper documentation processes when they are legally trying to enter the border. Legal procedure whether electronic or not isn't even the question, since that falls under which methodology should we adopt to let people enter legally. The people in question are those who will cross the borders illegally whether or not the border is made of bricks or some x-ray technology. He is a just a complete loser.
yeah with technology running so fast, there won't be borders and these illegal criminal rats will be patriotic Americans along with terrorists loving America. Just give technology a chance. no wait. give iPhone and these small hand cams a chance. as they progress from 1 model to the other, the world will just become border-less, just like the iPhone screen becoming larger and larger with those borders fading. The dude is a joke, he outright made an irrelevant mark by stating that he is not a Mexican but Spanish trying to provoke a thought like being a Mexican is just bad. With that kind of attitude and mental dumbness, good luck defending your point. Oh wait u don't have a point. Period.
The second guy isnt very clever
If all these pathetic people are against building the wall, the solution is simple; actually very simple. Don't build the wall, and straight up evade Mexico, make it U.S. territory, call these Mexicans now Americans and there wont be fuss. But no, no no no,  that wouldn't be something that you  will want either. All you want is these illegal immigrants to hop right into US and no body to say anything because u think they have the  right so.  Simply pathetic. Then don't start to complain when we Americans start to go in Mexico and start claiming things cause then for sure i know u will wine about boundaries and country origins. And if building a defense against erosion of American soil by these rats is a horrible idea, then why should US even build defense from other nations, what makes u better? Simply US should then not have defense at all and let whoever the fuck do whatever the fuck they want. (??????????????????????)
Chuck Norris facts are true. Change my mind.
I bet the mexican in the white shirt was high af before sitting down
"People would travel very fast in the next 5-10 years"
Oh no look out kids, Mexicans can teleport to our country!
Nothing wrong with immigration reform but a physical wall is gonna cost too much for Americans . Why did no one frame that argument, this one was easy. No way in hell mexico will pay for a wall
As a mexican I agree the US have the right to build a wall... with their own money. Being sincere, I built a 10 feet wall in my property to protect it, but I used my money not other's people.
The wall will accomplish nothing. The real solution is to find who the illegal immigrants are, then offer them a choice: They have 1 year to pay all the taxes they owe the American population. If they do, then here's a visa and the paperwork to become a legal citizen. If they don't, send them back to the country they came from. There's a level of forgiveness, but a stern lack of tolerance for stealing from the population.
I feel like a lot of newer Democrats that only "got into" politics when Trump began targeting illegal immigrants are misinformed. They're much easily swayed by fake news which is a big problem. They'll watch CNN or whatever instead of watching two credible news stations from both sides to formulate an opinion based on the truth, and the full truth at that. Most of these people tend to be very hard headed too which is sad, that's why when I see people flaming Trump I really don't care anymore because I know for a fact 90% of those people don't know what they're talking about and only hate Trump because of things their friends or fake news stations told them he said or did in past or present.
How do you stop illegal immigration without building a better barrier between us and them? Do you want us to be shooting them as they come across the border or something to make an example? I think if we didn't build the wall, we'd have to beef up the border security by a lot and also arm them better with more technology to stop these unwanted aliens. They don't deserve to be here so we won't allow them to come here.
Build that wall! 
I'm no specialist in this field of study.... I'm for building a wall, but I'm worried about how if they can't come in by land, they will have to use other means of crossing the border, and I'm not about to trust their airports with the people that are determined to cross because then we COULD have another 9/11 in play, and I say could because I don't believe they are all suicide flyers, but if they control the planes, anything can happen
The guy in white T-shirt is on drugs and I think he has drugs and possible tax cash in his backpack...lol...x-ray scanner..LMAO
Does he ever change his mind?
Illegals pay taxes too fact
That lady dont know
What the
Fuck she talking about shes gonna get fuck
The second guy sound's like my friend McFLY!
my God this guy is so stupid..he makes no sense at all...make them free flowing?? what?
I would understand a wall if the indigenous people of these lands wanted them. As a nation built on plunder, rape and theft its bais to set a standard we wouldn't follow ourselves being a generation of immigrant. Alot more nations should be heading back overs seas if you think this a good idea, hell SuperMan gotta go too.
Off course they bring crime. They come here illegaly and cant get a job so are they just gonna starv to death?
LoL tax people you don't have documented! :D

X ray fence sounds good to me if you're willing to get cancer you're escaping something, and if you bring your kids you endangered the child. xD
M-A-G-A  MASSIVELY AWESOMELY GAPED ANUS 
So I watched a few of these and thought this guy was really well informed, I was impressed with the research he had done for the two genders one but I looked it up and the statistic he sites saying that the 2.5 percent of our population that are illegal immigrants are causing 30% of the crime in America is COMPLETELY untrue. He is quoting Trump who was quoting a bogus article written years ago, there are many, many statistics/articles that prove this estimate wrong. That 2.5 percent would have to be committing crime at an impossible rate, please don't let this man further the racism in this country. Research the things you hear from him and anyone else on the internet. I was shocked that he would use something so very untrue to argue his opinion. 
Here are a couple sources proving him wrong, a simple Google search would further show that that statistic is completely fabricated. 
https://www.npr.org/2018/05/02/607652253/studies-say-illegal-immigration-does-not-increase-violent-crime
https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2018/03/30/upshot/crime-immigration-myth.html
https://crim.sas.upenn.edu/fact-check/do-mexican-immigrants-cause-crime




i stole this.btw
" we might find some areas where we disagree vs areas we disagree." 
x ray boader hahahahahahahahah! build the fucking wall
Not an American but isnt a majority of a illegal immigration from people overstaying their visas? So building a physical wall would not only be hugely expensive but in the long run ineffective as a majority of immigrants literally fly over the border.
I seriously doubt the "Spanish" dude and his family had been here since the 1500's.
Build an invisible EX ray border. Lol
Not a wall, fencing is a much cheaper and more realistic option.
This just goes to show the ignorance of society.
Governor of new Mexico lol
You dont understand fundamental human rights. Go ahead - tell me what rights are and where they come from.  No person or group of people have valid property rights over the imaginary boundary known as the national border and thus have no moral justification for inhibiting the free movement of any person crossing that arbitrary line. Case closed. All other considerations are invalidated by their lack of acknowledgement of this core principle.
That second dude watches too much black mirror.
Lol tax people that aren't citizens? How you do that Timmy?
2:19.... Hellooooo beautiful
I think they should deport stupid ppl
That's the dumbest shit I've heard in a while.
This is so stupid , way to chose the people you interview . Your so clever .
Steven Crowder is funded by Pro Government agendas
xray?.... im pretty sure this guy means RFID....... dear god....
Steven. Just an FYI, the woman whose face you blurred, you did not blur her face on her name badge.
Drugsaaahhh
im guilty of not watching the entire video but honest question here: Is Steven Crowder actually in favour of building a PHYSICAL WALL? I understand improving immigration reforms and laws completely. But isnt it already proven that building a WALL is pretty much useless and is a complete waste of money? Since most illegal immigrants come to the US via planes anyways?
That face at the end was a fuckin masterpiece.
Here's my question: What will a wall do?
DRUGS-UH. DATA BASE-UH. OPIATES-UH. Jesus Christ that dude in the white t-shirt is a legitimate retard. There are so many issues with his "digital passcode" solution. God help New Mexico if he ever becomes their Governor.
I dont understand some peoples view of this wall subject. Bottom line is if we dont protect our borders we will become like the countries these people come from. We can't continue to bring people in who are dependent on the government and sending thier home countries money for aid. If they become legal they will vote foe more government programs and we will end,up like them.
Such a dbag
Gay
Xray gate 
>we got a lot of drive by yelling.
>How uncivil

It's as if this whole segment is done entirely in bad faith.
A fucking x ray border
Why are the real illegal aliens acting as acting as if this land is their land?
You really can't tax illegal immigrants because like he said the majority of illegal &  legal immigrants are dirt ass poor therefore they don't want to pay taxes and aren't going to pay taxes because they can't, nor do I agree or think that the government should be giving them free handouts that's our taxpayer money they're getting, and I sure as hell am not giving them my hard earned money, I do agree with what the guy said  about borders being a thing of the past especially in the next couple  years, history has shown us that borders don't work and the majority of them get torn down I believe in Border Protection but the Border walls don't last,  Everyone wants to preserve their own race but the evolution of humanity especially mixed human race I'm afraid is inevitable.
I'm sorry but you people realize that there already is a border wall right??????  

The whole point is to have a better one that actually keeps people out.

I'm a little confused why people are so against this?
X-Ray wall....
this dumbass thinks its 2200
even though i usually like the change-my-mind series, I think this one ist just stupid. Seriously. Im sorry, but me as a german who experienced a wall dividing his country for years cant fucking understand this. It blows my mind how people think a Wall is a good idea or even a solution.
By that sense walls should be built around every country to stop illegal immigration. Good video
The argument I hear is that they (illegals) will find another way in. I disagree.   I like to trap them by asking them why Mexico has border security along their southern border, and why no public benefits are given to illegal immigrants to Mexico.
I wish you came up against someone who knew what they were talking about. What about boats, planes and tunnels for instance? And imagine all the time and effort put into doing this when it could be used in other ways to improve security. You missed the nail with this video
This guy was on drugs or something
im not for illegal immigrants but building a wall would be a waste of money
A wall is not very partial Financially,practically ,or very useful a Wall is very easier to go over but more camera and Maybe station out post along with some new invotions in security would sure help I will look more into it
I'm not for the wall or against it cause I can see the positives as well as negatives towards doing this. It's to stop or slow down immigrant's coming into America but let's be real here, even building a wall wont stop this. My whole view about illegal immigrants is that I don't mind about honest people wanting to have a better life as well as to get away from dangerous situations. I'm not ok with bad guy immigrant's coming here and causing American citizens issues or hurting the American people. The only thing that upsets me about immigration is that they feel entitled to get everything an American citizen gets and demand they get these privileges even though they aren't citizens. No offense but I dont wanna have to pay for someone to come over here especially when they demand that we do. They have no right to demand anything from the American government what so ever. The point to be a citizen is to prosper and help your fellow American be successful and succeed in life. But for someone that came here illegally and tell me I have to cater to their want's is crap and if you pay taxes then you should agree. There are right ways to do this to get citizenship as well as help from the government by doing it the right way. But for someone to sneak in and tell us that we have to pay for them to get free food, housing, school, medical is down right crazy. That's like some stranger coming into your house and demanding you that you have to feed that person and their family. as well as them telling you that you will treat them like how you treat your family. Wouldn't go over so well. See if someone wants to sneak here and then fine, but dont come over asking for a free hand out and start attacking Americans for not doing what you want. Just like 5 month's ago in DC when they tried protesting to the government but the government wouldn't give them anytime cause they're not citizens. So what did they do? Caused damage and attacked American's physically and verbally for not getting their way. Which alot of people were arrested and deported cause of that. My main point here is that you only get government funding and help if you're a citizen. If someone wants to cheat the system and jump the line while others doing it the right way get screwed over then whatever. But don't demand or expect us to pay your way just cause you see what we have and get for being born here. You want the same right's then fine, go back to y'alls countries and get it. Dont hurt us cause you dont get your way js. That's my opinion was all.
Ground planes and may-be, walls would be effective
The dude in the white shirt sounds like he's mad by his tone
He just smoked a spleef laced with ecstasy sprinkled with jimmies. LOL He actually proposed something worse than a wall. An x-ray gate?! Hahahahahahahahahahahahahaha
Gave Thumbs down for this video not cuz im against the wall but these two wasted your time,  x ray wall wtf
Just tax them? Wow problem solved! This guy must be a rocket surgeon
Lmao. Wow.
That last guy, is he hopped up on something or is he really that dumb?
Send that dude Leroy back.
Someone tell me how it's not okay to have a wall between USA and Mexico but it's okay for Mexico to have a wall between Mexico and Guatemala
Why is Crowder asking for comments when he used to make fun of commenters and say that he didn't even read the comments so go for it.
Did that one dude just say we should use the mark of the devil and use an implanted rf coded device to track people? Wtf?!
and this is why  big demographic changes to your population are a disaster cuz most immigrants are for more immigration while the natives want less immigration , at least in europe
I was on Xbox LIVE when I ran into so many illegal immigrants into my game and they told me how they got here and then when I started confronting them I started getting all defensive and acting really nervous and then they left
Build a wall with your ass!!!!
and this is the start of "idiocracy".......please don't do anything political guy.....you'll hurt yourself by thinking lol maybe ask you "master minds".
After leaving the conversation, the man in the white shirt bought a can of tuna and spent a week trying to formulate an idea on how to open it
Fake news: illegals commit 33% of US homicide  

What a lot of crap!
How this poor guy can stay so polite when faced with total idiots is beyond me.
That second dude should shut his mouth because he sounds like a complete and utter idiot.
Leeroy was very special
Leeroy should become a professional speaker
Use a siege tower
how big is the wall
A wall only makes the bribing border patrol more expensive for the drug cartels (which will in turn just drive up cias price) and the crooks that ARE us citizens will now be walled in with us with less of a chance of them hopping the border!
There is no legitimate argument against the wall,that's why all their arguments sound so stupid.
Alot of youtubers use Austins public as entertainment. I wonder the reason
13:17 that look!
This guy in white is living in a fantasy
Do mexicans own ladders or shovels?
Your god is NOT real, change my mind.
Opioids are coming from Mexico people are dumb border patrol separates illegals not ice 
Abolish dems 
Trump 2020
Illegals dont pay taxes even if they marry an American they still dont pay taxes
They dont care about our laws they can kill someone and just go back to Mexico or Venezuela or where ever they are from
Build a wall I have an idea to pay for it with out the dems help or approval dems are dumb abolish dems
I'm cringing so hard while watching this video. The people he's interviewing have no idea what they're talking about.
We have been wasting millions- no, trillions of dollars of dollars since the 70s to fight the war on drugs
Hey guys did you know borders are gonna be a thing of the past in 5-10 years, because technology??
This guy just made raza look dumb
when someone smashes into a car (removing the bumper) and then tries to drive off because they could not provide a drivers license, identification, insurance, citizenship (true story BTW) it's time to build a border.
That last guy was definitely from the future......or on one serious pipe dream....
The look on your face at the end of the video is worth a million likes. Priceless.
Giving anyone who crosses the boarder cancer, now that's fucked up
Wait, hold up. Might be mentioned on the video, but isn't there a wall already? or at least something acting as a blockade?
As a former Border Patrol Agent I would love to speak to you about the facts regarding the wall and give you real information. I am for the wall and I am Hispanic.
LOL we can tax the people coming in. No shit mexican moron. Again LOL I'm not mexican Iv'e been here since the 1500??????????????????????? so hes Christopher Colmartinez. Dude needs to lay off the mescaline. This is boring #hood politics
Steven! I was fucking drinking coffee at 13:15 wtf!
It REALLY seems that all "Democrats" are straight up communists and socialists.
Forget the Middle East.  Pull the troops out and putt them in Mexico.  Mexico needs its ass beat !
I cant  stand all these people saying a wall wont stop them.     Like can u fucking prove that ?   They just keep saying that as if its fact.   We have all the proof in the world that it would help drastically but they get to just walk around repeating their bull shit lies as though they know it as fact.      Every other country that has ever built a wall ( modern times including ) has had success      Y is America different?  Ffs !
Im 13 and  can create a way better argument then these people.
Yeah......sure....an xray gate........
You know trump supporters if you collect all the shit that endlessly dribbles out of your mouths and ass's and put it into the trunk of your hillbilly wagon you could just drive down there and start building the thing with your hands--  you know, actually get directly involved --- community service and all that.   I'm sure you could fabricate a good turd wall in almost no time
I don't think the second guy knows what a wall is.
Wtf
I do not understand half of the things some of these opposers are saying. 10:10 WHAT THE FUCK IS HE SAYING? excuse my language
You really think building a physical wall is right?
That guy has his own scientifical whatever sort of channel.
why not invest the money meant to pay for the wall, and instead use the interest to pay for more staff and equipment? A wall seems pretty easy to dig under.
Man if he has been thinking a lot about this, I would hate to hear his view before thinking.
Not gay Jared lookin like a mal nourished stylish European bodyguard over there
Your face at the end was priceless LOL
I can't watch anymore.  I love the idea of change my mind, but are there any intellectual minds that come to debate you?  Or is that the point?  Show the foolish to prove a point.  Please change my mind as I would like to watch more!
"I'm against the wall"
"We should have exray stations and electronic i.d. tags"
How about a wall of sentry turrets.
That Spanish guy was sooooooooooooooo dumb omg
Building a wall would waste money smh
Too short but enjoyable nonetheless
the wall does not look nice and it wont stop enough real crime from coming over. wall is usless
the wall does not look nice. Big cartels dont give a fuck about a wall they jump fucking walls they are big and rich and have connections.
Gee Leroy has no idea about anything 
He sounds so sincere and confused 
Make a good politition 
that guy must of done a shit ton of coke before he sat down hahahaha
Texas is gone.
White shirt guy does cocaine for sure.... I dont want a board. I propose x-ray machines..what the F
Im sorry to say but your statistics are off. Sorry to say
I can not believe this represents what my people think. We are fooled by a patriotism to a country we do not know. Fooled to feel loyalty to people we do not know and willingly support criminal behaviour. Rules are put there for a reason.
I feel as if its a waste of money
If California succeeded the union would they build a wall to keep the US out?
I do not think we should build a physical wall when we have already developed border monitoring technology.  Its immediately available, could be installed for a fraction of the cost, and It would create more permanent jobs imo.
Hey Steven, love these videos of yours.  I'd like to make the humble request of you putting your statistics/sources as links in the descriptions of your videos.  I'm a skeptic at heart for all positions, and it would really help me and other skeptical viewers agree with your positions.  

Keep up the civil conversations!
Is this guy advocating for the adoption UHF RFID technology to be
1) implanted into immigrants?
2) installed in cities across American to track said UHF RFID tags?

Uhhhhhh what?

https://youtu.be/UHDIm73FZN0?t=11m4s
Making Mexico pay for it will hopefully reduce their ridiculous inflation, as well as tightening border security.
Whatta shithead!!!
the way the second guy talks is so cringe
I saw a documentary about an experimental society where travel was unrestricted all over the planet - fostered, in part, by a very sophisticated transportation system that allows people to traverse hundreds of miles in mere seconds. It was hosted by Patrick Stewart.
10:45 Sarah! were going to need you here.
The liberal opinion is invading more privacy and overall less freedom. Lmao
'My idea would need to be figured out by like a team of masterminds'....ooooohhh ok bro!
My issue with the wall is that people are trying to claim land that didn't even belong to them that was literally stolen from natives to the country who were forced to migrate to shitty reservations that have little access to resources, then all of a sudden Americans (whypeepul) want to act like something is "ours" to protect. If an illegal commits a crime, just throw their asses.out. If they don't, who gives a shit? Let them do the shitty jobs that we lazy, uppity Americans don't want to do like pick our produce and build houses in 100 weather.
The drugs-uh.
I wish this conversation could be had again, especially with more Latinos such as the ones that came up (I think a lot are more conservative than the radical left would have you believe, and like the first lady a lot would be agreeing with your points.)  I'm for a border wall absolutely, I think it would quickly pay for itself and would make Mexico safer as the drug cartels would lose a lot of money smuggling drugs, weapons, and people across the border.  I also think we should legalize pot and prostitution to stop their monopoly.  Finally, I think the process for becoming a citizen should be merit based (as opposed to the random system we have now) and streamlined with less fines and waiting time.
Meanwhile in California our produce rots...

Conservatives are silly. I'm not liberal btw, but I have common sense which I think a lot of conservatives (and some liberals) lack.
you picked the wrong spot to do this. find another and do it again
Families Belong Together in their home countries. Migration is not a fundamental human right.
1. There's already a border wall. 2. There is no illegal immigration problem. 3. Airplanes exist. 4. Tunnels exist. 5. There are land disputes about where the border is that have yet to be resolved
400+ Mexican and Mexican- Americans(born in the usa) i know 
4 of them have committed a crime 
100+ Americans i know 
30 of them have committed a crime
 Americans(white black asian people born in the usa)
What are the differences in percentage of the people?
If you havehaven't figured out the answer in 15 minutes
Feel free to get into groups of 2
(Write clearly so the teacher can read your work)
Future Santa fe mayor right there!!
Because a wall is retarded, the very least ridonculous idea is not enough 4 u? Nothing to see here moving on
he is very "Scientificul",,,,, haha ha
I have to disagree with you, Stephen. The wall is an enormous waste of money. We're not China trying to block out the Mongolians.
X Ray Scanner!... WTF???? LOL
The Long winded NON-MEXICAN-a from New Mexico. Is either High or has a speech or mental Impediment, Poor Guy, and YES I am 2nd Gen Mexican American. I"M for the Wall, build it ASAP! LOL
The first lady sitting down looks like she has a bottle of water with Oleander sprigs in it. Deadly poison! Seriously.
He's asking people to see the other side of issues?!?! OMG.... Whatta racist.
Build the wall and kill anyone trying to illegally get in.
What surprises me is how many people hate each other just because they have different political beliefs. Like is there any possibly that
maybe theres no right and no wrong?  just saying...
This guy wants implants. INSANE
Notice no crowd they avoided the idiocy
My problem with these is Steven obviously does an abundant amount of research before he does these, and he is prepared with a rebuttal for basically any argument made against him. The people he talk with are people off the street who have had no time to do deep research and prepare for this discussion. So, there is no way he will have his mind changed because he is way more prepared than the people he discusses with.
So Was Jose Cuervo high or drunk ??? 
I gotta call bullshit on the 3.5% commit 35% of murders thing. So illegal immigrants make up 3.5% of the population. We've established that the majority of them are good people. If we do the minimum, that means 1.75% of the whole population both came illegally and commit 35% of the homicides. The odds of that being accurate are just slim.
Conservatives solution to problems is to get government to throw more money at the problem. How fiscally conservative they are lol
Tighter immigration laws and a wall will not stop immigrants from coming to the united states  its the reality. Their is no wall high enough and their is no law strong enough. God made this world and he clearly knows that he didn't make borders. In fact the one who made the fence was the same person that stole united states from mexico. Do not say get over it because millions of people died and you will never get over it. God is doing his job giving back the stolen land to its people. And if you do not realize that this land was stolen go back to college or really do some reading. Also I would like to inform you very uneducated people that Undocumented people  do not qualify for welfare, It is a lie do some research because its the reality. They also pay taxes so please remain silent !. I would also like to inform you guys that many undocumented people do not commit crimes. It is criminals that do the crimes. I think its bias to put the crimes next to a certain group. Lets look at the crimes of school shootings. That is right we do not tend to focus on that because it is white people.
I'm less interested in the wall but more prosecuting agribusinesses that hire these people.
If you support legal immigration then you support the wall. If you're here in the US illegally, you need to be legally deported. The US spends approximately 150 BILLION annually on illegal immigrants as a whole.
man you did not blur her enought, we can see her clothes, her bar, her hairstyle, she will get recognized....
The second man is a complete dumbfuck
The more illegals, the less legals.  Considering it costs thousands to do it legally and you have a guaranteed way to tax the legal immigrants AND make fairly sure they are good, contributing people, i dont really see the argument for illegal aliens.  I do see the human rights violation against the legal immigrants waiting on years long lists to get ibc of the illegals
Mr "pass code: dude was tripping on speed.
Illegal immigrants still do taxes
Did anyone else notice the girl sitting in the background; looks like the same bitch who wanted to bomb their van! IS THAT HER!? I need answers! Lol
The dude is a complete imbecile. The proponents of having open borders always contradict themselves as soon as they suggest using any sort of ID for those coming across the border. What's the use of having any form of ID if there are no borders? MORONS!!!
If only Adam Conover walked by that day.....
This dude is on some Jedi level stupid here. I can't even watch all of this.
I THINK what the woman was trying to say was that she supports stronger immigration laws, but is just opposed to the actual wall.

And I agree with that. An actual wall would be a HUGE mistake. Any wall, no matter how tall, can be scaled. So, unless you are gonna station guards all across the wall, you aren't doing anything, but if you are gonna do that, then you didn't need the wall to begin with.
I thought the wall was stupid till all this most recent media hype. NO one is separated if they either come in legally (in any of the dozens of points of entry, no kids/just their own, no prison background...) or leave when they are caught trying to come in illegally. If a citizen was bringing in kids as possible trafficking or having their own kids travel alone over hundreds of dangerous miles they would be in prison with all kids taken. SCOTUS has already said undocumented can 'make up' a social security number for a job...- but a citizen cannot. Seriously? Reality shows many need to do research. Xray thru border, but no wall?
Send this  LeeRoy back to school!!! Holy shit. Hes one big ongoing sentence, saying a whole lotta nothing.
The last man who spoke described the movie Coco. ... Liberal logic. This is concerning because I live in New Mexico.
"What surprised you most with this Change My Mind? And what arguments do you most often hear against the wall?     
1.ROI (It there a return of investment)  Costs to design,build, maintain will cost taxpayers 100s of billions of dollars with no ability to make up for it.
2.Will not stop illegal immigration
3.Wall will initially stop flow but people will find another way
4. Imminent domain
5. Environmental dangers to local animal species
6. It did not for China or the wall that separated East and West Germany
7. Its childish and lazy way to address the issue
8. Hurts international relations with our American Neighbors
9. Will strain local armed forces with guarding the wall
10. The wall will not last

These are the reasons I have heard so far.  Why doesn't the show go to border cities? Get input from the local law enforcement and communities  after all it affects them directly.  I lived in a border city it is my opinion based on what I have observed the wall is just an obstacle not a solution.  The argument of securing borders is not valid.  Securing them from what?  Poor desperate people, an army invasion from Mexico that will never come,  or preventing terrorists which come oversees?
If we had a wall, the families wouldnt have a chance to get in, so they wouldnt try: no arrests, no children separated from their parents. Problem solved
"Are you high, or just incredibly stupid?'
So how do they find these statistics on illegals?
I respect crowders restraint with this one.. I probably wouldve called the guy on every absurdity he proposed until he realized how insane his words were.
That dude has no idea what he is talking about.
No, you see, a wall isn't gonna stop underground tunnels. What we need is a Mote, that way the water falls in and drowns those crossing below.

Or, you know just tighter border control.
How autistic must u be to believe a wall across the border is the most cost efficient/ reliable way to minimise illegal immigration. I swear most you red necks don't realise how simple it is to overstay a visa.
wall of bullets
So he just sets up randomly, and debates whoever wanders over? Hardly seems fair.
This guy is racist ?
They need a wall with turrets all around it that shoot lasers like those from the spaceships in the original war-of-the-worlds.  I would gather the number of illegal immigrants would greatly decrease.  Problem solved.
DO IT AT A COLLEGE CAMPUS!
Lmao the guy was definately on drugs, and that camera wasnt even on.
the 2nd guy is an idiot
Was that guys camera even on? Lol
Oh my, that guy wasnt very sharp...
This nigga said X-ray, this makes me think this is just fake. This guys too much
They should have an x-ray gate, and anyone with a skeleton will have to go through the normal immigration procedures.
So this guy is for chipping everyone... lol
What the hell is this second guest talking about. A scanner that reads their number and why they are coming to the country!?!?! You can't be serious... All the immigrants would still have to legally except your bar-code.
The way Steven looked at the camera at the end was brilliant
Wtf...? Xray door that reads your id? The fuck kinda drugs is this guy on?
I agree with some of your "change my mind" video ideas but this one is fucking nasty , why dafuq would a person that happened to born in mexico be stopped at a fat wall and not be able to walk on EARTH ... Earth is from everybody
The Mind Change | Build My Wall
The 2nd guy really kinda made my head hurt when he said that borders are going to be a thing of a past. As soon as we do that every thing goes to hell
X Ray border.... bahahahahahahaha
It's interesting that he says he's not mexican and that he is Spanish since his family has been in Mexico since the 1550s. All the conquistadors and their families have become Mexican nationals if they stayed in the territory now recognized as Mexico.  He can choose to identify with his "Espana" roots all he wants, but whatever country you are  born into becomes your citizenship and one must go through the proper legal procedures to immigrate. Even though he identifies with Spain, the hard truth is that spain does not recognize him as one of its own and would not allow him to take up residence there just because of what he feels. Same goes for the U.S.
Yes let's put up miles and miles of x-ray scanners and make sure everybodies DNA gets ionized by radiation, top notch idea!
Good Lord these people arent very articulate on changing a mind. Thank you Steven for showing how stupid the average street person truly is!
8:30 I love how the guy just spews things that he thinks should happen, but doesn't even think that philosophy of why, or is it just or fair need to be addressed. It's like asking someone what their philosophy on politics is, and all they do is read off a wish list "free healthcare, free housing, free food, free education..." It's like philosophy is completely missing from their vocabulary.
Too stupid to have conversation
Clearly some cognitive impairment here. I think that man may actually be smart, but clearly hasn't learned the importance of critical thinking. Instead of saying "hey, I didn't think of that" when you point out how his plan fails without the wall, he instead goes into this insane idea about an x-ray boarded. Hopefully he will go home and think about why that wasn't an intelligent thought. Our next governor of NM ladies and gentleman.
Build that wall,  mine the area between fences,  place guard dogs every 50m,  plow the area behind it, bury motion detectors all along it...
It will keep anything out.
that second guy seemed like a decent man but he acted like he was on some type of drug,
I would love to change your mind. I just like to argue.
WOW! Those people were SPACE CADETS! Especially the last guy. He talked about issuing a number and keeping track of people. I was like "really"? Thats EXACTLY the way its supposed to work NOW. Then the wall...... He did not seem to grasp that there could or would be openings in the wall for people to enter and exit. What "WE" really need is a wall up north to keep those damn CANADIANS from getting in and taking jobs from Americans. I hear one of those CANADIANS has a show where he asks people to change his mind. That will NEVER work! DUMB! LOL. I do find it strange that we have a Canadian asking Americans these questions. You ask them from the point of view and say should "we" build the wall as if you are including yourself in the "we". Are YOU an American citizen Mr. Crowder? If so I would love to have you. Love the show bro!
I wish someone intelligent could explain to him that when people first started border security on the American Mexican border the amount of illegal immigrates exploded because of reduced circular flow. If a wall is build it is a proven fact that the number of illegal immigrants will grow a lot larger
most of illegal immigrants come by air, around 60% of them. therefore building a wall will only stop 40% of them,  so building a wall just isn't the best way, besides building a wall would cost an incredible amount of money and it'd destroy a lot of fauna and flora surrounding the rio grande. instead of trying desperately to send them back to their countries we should look for a legal path that works for Americans and immigrants.
Most illegals come by bus, train, truck and cars...90%. Almost ALL the drugs come by truck or tunnels. The wall will be a great payday for certain companies, but will fail miserably at achieving its supposed goal. Not to mention The Orange Snowflake could never build this monstrosity. It was never going to be built, he just wanted idiots to vote for him.
wow, that kid was really stupid
This is really funny because I live near the border. A Mexican family lives next door. They deal alot of drugs. Child trafficing. They only speak spanish, beat their dogs and don't pay taxes. They cut hair, chop up washing machines and  run a daycare or some bizare attempt to cover all the kids shuffled around. They collect welfare and just moved another couple with 4 kids in a 2 bedroom 1 bath house. It's crazy. Even if they are legal they live like  donkeys. Make it so they have to have a gps rifid chip and a 10yr consistent tax paying regime and then they can become mooch citizens. They add a 3rd world element to everything.
This video needs to be longer
High demand is bad for the economy.
This causes inflation to rise.
The standard of living will rise to dreadful rates.
Leroy is off the shits man
How about y'all come up with a solution to stop illegal immigration without a wall. That would actually be creative.
How is the wall hurtful to people?  There are legitimate check-in stations to help bring in legitimate legal citizens.  There are ways for them to be legal, why is this so hard for them to understand that?  Yeah, there are factors to becoming citizens and are hard but manageable and legitimate.  These illegals are not wanting to integrate into American culture.  Getting rid of ICE is not the best liable solution here.  And we HAVE a system that does allow foreign people to become citizens.  There are many illegals who DONT want to be a citizens for reasons.
Why would anyone think that policy makers take their marching order from citizens. If your smuggling anything in a State you need a State official legal and illegal.
Was this a comedy skit
a product of public schooling
some of the dumbest ideas ive heard yet
Lol illegal immigrants paying taxes, there is a reason why they are illegal  and it lowkey sucks they are taking our jobs
4:10 JEEEEENNNNKKIIIIIINNNSSS
An X-ray??? NO MAMES
"on the drug war we've been wasting thousands, millions, trillions of dollars" That escalated quickly
100% of illegal immigrants commit crime in America. 100%
X ray scanner 
Oh my god the guy in the white was painfully dumb. And he gets to vote.
But the money isnt going back into the economy its going back to their family in mexico how the fuck does that help our economy
A wall will not change the fact we as Americans are allowing extreme violence to happen right next door. Although our military travels the world to stop the same crimes. There are definitely dark secrets why the US government hasnt full blown took over mexico.
holy fuck what is this guy talking about?
Lol this guy said that he's not a mexican.  He said that he's spanish.  He must hate himself. Indians aren't from spain.
Cringe.. the school system has failed. Please interview people with more than one brain cell.
This conversation was obviously above the gentlemans capacity.
Guy in the white shirt is a damn idiot. "well be able to travel super fast and go anywhere in like 5 years.." all of his arguments are terrible and I wish I could find his channel.. guy is sci-fi as crap. Scientifical.. we should make the xray borders more accessible but I'd have to talk to a bunch of people about this and have 0 info but I'm gunna be governor of New Mexico. 

https://www.reuters.com/finance/stocks/companyProfile/GOGR.PK
Leroy is a little-a inarticulate. About as convincing as Nancy Pelosi at a GOP rally.
dear lord he wants to be a govener
Look what happens in the state that is the lowest in education. 
New Mexico is a beautiful place with some bad in it.
Sure you can build a wall which will cost millions in infrastructure money better spent on roads/bridges/etc, which will disrupt natural ecological migrations and later be rendered ineffective through overstayed visas, underground tunnels and other creative means of transport. Of course what would make more sense is to excessively fine the farms, slaughter houses, kitchens, etc that draw illegal immigration in the first place. If there is no money to be made then it would make sense that the appeal of sneaking across the border would become much less desirable. 

The problem is that this would only end up destroying the bottom line for these businesses who depend on cheap, exploitable labor in turn would harm the wealthy, faux patriot business owners and shareholders who have bought and paid for the Republican party long ago. So these men of industry came up with a symbolic gesture in the form of a chant using only monosyllabic words ie "Build That Wall" and outlined plans for oversimplified solution the average Trump supporter can conceptualize. The various government contracts for the jobs will then go to Trump supporting contractors (see Whitefish Energy as an example) who will see an immediate return on their corrupt and traitorous fealty by massively overcharging the taxpayers while claiming Mexico will just reimburse us later (Spoiler: they won't). Want to start a trade war with Mexico to pay for it? Sure, but just remember that when the tariffs go up and the cost of basic materials triples that your average confused/angry Trump supporter will probably just find someone else to blame. 

This debate was a farce. Two guests who are ill informed, unprepared and dim witted are not impressing anyone let alone changing their mind.
I think the guy in white is on drugs
Wow that dude was on...something. Gave me tin foil hat vibes. "Gather the masterminds!"

I'm personally against the wall, and I wouldn't say stricter or more lenient immigration laws, but ones that become more lenient for those who would pose less of a threat, and stricter for those who have criminal background or we can't really know.

I like the idea of a sponsorship program, where mexicans (or someone from any country) can be sponsored by a US citizen that has not committed a felony in their lifetime, nor broken the law within the last 10 years, after the mexican immigrant-to-be has visited the country on 3 separate occasions, so as to prevent some catfishing of US citizens type deal. This of course being limited to a certain number of times (prolly just 1) per citizen. Or granting citizenship to those who have come in on a work visa three times without committing any crimes.

Dude has a point about taxing, but your concern is valid. I'm personally for (across the board, not just for immigrants) declining tax-funded programs to people who are not contributing to the tax pool, or have a person in the household paying taxes, other than employment programs (so they at least get a chance to contribute).

Making it easier for the workers and people our citizens care about on an individual basis to get into the country by extension narrows down the pool of questionable mexican citizens, therefore making them easier to sort through individually.
It's unfortunate that many of the people who sit down and speak with you have literally no idea what they are talking about, because there are so many actual arguments and discussions to be had about all of these topics
A "No hate speech" or "No racism" change my mind in an HBCU that is still sticking to its roots like Morehouse college would be very very interesting
Yeah so without borders, you don't have a country ...
Majority of women/girls crossing ILLEGALLY are RAPED by those transporting them across.  THAT's a MAJORITY!
If you are against the Wall you are for rape and exploitation.
Hey Steven, I just found your channel and I'm curious to know -- are there any episodes where people actually change your mind?
OPEN BORDERS = NO BORDERS = ONE WORLD GOVERNMENT.  Change my mind!
I thought Mexico was going to pay for the wall? just one of the thousands of claims from the Liar In Chief.
@StevenCrowder How the hell are you wearing a long sleeve shirt in Texas...
What a stupid ass video, what the fuck were thinking trying to reason with a potato. This guy isn't okay. You thought this was good content?
People build fences around their own properties, but want everyone to enter the country freely?
Then they need bigger and stronger walls around their property.

People tend to change the neighborhood they live in, in the place they're coming from.
Coming from Africa, then they bring a part Africa with them, for example.
Xray border!  What an absolute idiot!
If you build a wall can it at least look like some Lord of The Rings wall. If that shit looks like some wall ball court wall I'll be mad. Give me some Great Wall of China thing going.  Could make money back by making it a tourist site where people try to catch immigrants in binoculars lol.  I'm Mexican BTW. Ill be up there like. YOU GOT THIS PEDRO!! RUN HOLMES RUN!!
You didn't seem to want to argue with them cause their dumb. (The woman seems nice, but poorly informed). The other seems only dumb and a bit aggressive.
This is not the shortest reply. How interesting. The whole point of mentioning a short reply is because usually youd be related to one. No! This is a comment about a reply not being short because it has more characters than the one with the least. The whole existence of this reply is to tell YOU that this is not a short reply. And as you can see, it is not. But this brings up the question. Is this a short reply in todays standards? Who knows. But at least we know that this reply is not short. A short reply on this comment would be a couple of words long. Therefore, this is not a short comment. And I know that if youve made it this far, you clearly have the time to read this NOT short reply. In fact, you have so much time that you actually keep on reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading and reading. The anomaly of you getting the luck of the series of events that happened in your life that allowed you to have time to read this reply. The probability of this reply being the lengthiest is now at a high percentage. But have you noticed that I too would have had to have the same time to write this? What are the odds that we both have this amount of time to read/write a seemingly pointless reply. Congratulations, you made it through this not short reply. 
You were so intellectually beyond that man it's embarrassing.
Lol I can change your mind. You pay for it.
Would u let a criminal in ur house or car..hmmm no u won't! Build THE DAMN WALL ALREADY!!!!! if u want to come to America come legally and it will all be ok!!! FUCK!!!!!
Secure the border and that's it
And build that Wall what's Mexico going to do about it
Only pay billions of dollars which will leave them banked rupt 
And the anti wall people in the U.S. what are you going to do protest 
Well that's exactly what you guys are going to do because it is the only thing you can do 
GOD BLESS AMERICA and I'm lucky to be here not in a curupt gonverment
Leeroy is a special brand of stupid !
Theres a reason there wasnt a lot of people participating in the debate. Everyone is brain washed/ uneducated by CNN. People dont understand that America doesnt run off of feelings. Its not the taxpayers job to make illegal immigrants lives easy. America has been through a lot of wars and progression to get to where its at.
Does this young man think that if Trump said, 'Most drugs are coming through the southern border' it could be equated with saying, 'Most Mexicans bring in drugs'?  Probably not. Truth be damned, just stoke the fires.  You know, Americans are really sick and tired with selfish, slanderous liars trying to divide us against each other.  Americans wouldn't be at each other's throats if we had more considerate guests who actually CARED about contributing to stability on our soil.  Guests who intentionally try to keep us divided ought to be escorted out like any bad guest that connives to destroy an otherwise good family.
That X ray Thing feels like the idea of a future where the government has even more control over citizens straight outta a dystopian movie.
+StevenCrowder
I don't understand why you endangered that woman's life!  very cruel and unfair
65,000 Americans are dying annually due to the invasion of heroine and fentanyl coming from the south.  Everyone keeps saying, 'These people are coming FOR A REASON'.  The drug trade is a $6 Billion/year industry.  Pretty good reason, eh?
Do "Its Okay To be White" Change My Mind next
Not steven
This guy has watched too many movies
Steve's look at the end sums it up perfectly :D
Love these videos.
Is OK, build your own prison, just die over that side of the fence and don't ask for support to other countries, we don't care.
Im just saying, people want to live good lives, had an ok job that gives minimum wage, its hard in mexico, most people dont have internet and a lot of the recourses the US has. But im not i subbing or unliking, i just wanted to point that out, i didnt watch the whole video so if they do talk about this i wouldnt know
Transgenderism is Cultural Appropriation: Change My Mind
The x-ray border scanner thing. So a fancy futuristic wall instead of a wall that can be actually build today.
Lets nuke the immigrants like frozen chimichangas
Leroy = What a total moron. Doesn't support a wall, but would rather have everybody have "Big Brother" chips in their body. Maybe he should go back to Spain. There is plenty of housing there in the abandoned cities caused by the poor economy.
WTF is the second guy saying!?!?!? I feel bad for the first woman though, these illegal aliens are actually harrassing and threatening the actual honest mexicans citizens that came here legally and follow the law. Those motherfuckers need to GOOOO
That these people don't understand that illegal immigration on the scale the US is experiencing it , really, really hurts the most vulnerable and poor people of a society., is mind boggling. And I say that as someone who identifies as politically far left
ummm... all these people are going to check in without a wall. good lord help this guy.
I feel like the dude in the white got baffled and didnt want to sound like he gave up on his opinion and said some random bullshit like "instead of an normal wall, we should get an xray wall that would take much longer to build and be much more expensive."
Nazis tagged people long before this guy proposed it.
"Some sort of x-ray wall" this man is living in the future boys. where we droppin bois, we finna pass the x ray wall.
he was trying to say a wall won't stop anything.  like drugs because there are already pharmaceuticals in America it won't stop trafficking at all. he was suggesting keeping tabs on everyone already here making them pay more atleast this way you know who they are it's not a good solution but it's a better than a wall because a wall won't do anything they can still get over it and around it.
Should do a police brutality change my mind
A lot of russian bots in this comment section.
si viviera en eeuu apoyaria el muro y tambien pondria minas antipersonales en la frontera como hicimos aca en mi pais con los paises vecinos:)

cheers from chile. use google translator if you are gringo:v
mexican women are 100% with the wall. just ask them the reasons why they escaped mexico.

mexico is a shithole
You should not have aired the first lady who knows criminals in her apartment complex.  You haven't effectively hidden her identity and she has claimed that she wants to "inform" on these people.  You are going to get her killed!
Im sorry you covered her face, but not her badge?
As a more moderate liberal I enjoy watching the Change my mind segments to challenge my views and see what type of arguments Crowler comes up with, but I still hardly ever agree. I wish he would have conversations with people who knew what they were talking about a bit more. Most people on the street have no fucking bloody idea what's going on. As for this video I wonder where he's getting his statistics. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Immigration_and_crime#United_States
X ray dude is INSANE!!!!!!
Love that look at the end,
Just build the dam wall already. Having an unsecured border is a dumb idea. Just look at the spike of crimes in Europe. I got a great idea to fix the issue.
1. make the majority of people here legal with green cards and on the path to being citizens. Yes they do fill some jobs that many dont want to do. Except when major violent crime is committed they should have that revoked.
2. Make it so a company can be fined for having undocumented immigrants working there. Same as what Great Britain does.
3. Build the dam wall and give the border patrol better equipment like drones to watch it.
4. Use some of the tunnel detection equipment that Israel uses to find tunnels and destroy them. Israel knows how to build walls.

All this would allow a secured border but still be fair to enter legally. Having an unsecured border allows easy access to drugs and terrorism into our nation. There was a leaked document a few years ago about Al-Quida. They wanted to sent people to Mexico and they cross into the US; as it is easier than getting onto a plane to the US. Also the cartels in Mexico are as violent as ISIS sometimes and honestly should be combated harder with military force when needed. Sorry if this sounds hard to some. But America is for America first. We cant take care of us while trying to take care of everyone else to.
god you can tell she is edjumicated..."build the wall with your ass....bitch"...it took her a second pass by to come up with that great line...i hope she ends up reading these comments and kills herself after realizing that all the debt she took on to go to collage was in vain...she lost so many brain cells by following the liberal masses and tweeting stupid shit that the best teacher in the world wont be able to teach her how to sit in a chair without falling out of it. im dumbfounded that she can even remember how to breathe
That guy is crazy.
Hahahahaha
Excuses, excuses.
That second interview is a fascinating insight into how a retarded person's mind works!
he blew your mind instead of changing it
If that guy really has a show or something it saddens me that people listen to him.
Lollllllllll electronic ID tag bruh
I just think it shouldnt be as hard to get in America, thats all Im saying
Why shouldnt we build a wall 
Because we cant afford it
I watched the whole video and now my brain hurts. Damn it!
Touch screen technology came from LSD trips by Steve Jobs and his mates change my mind.
I think that with Steven, you have to wait and hear everything that he says about the topic because later on it seems that (even if he believes in what the opposing party assumes) he always is very adamant on telling them that "he did not say that."
Im against the building of the wall, but i do like that you go out and challenge other people to change your mind. How about getting some professionals in the topic to argue. These people cant defend their position right!
What the hell is this guy talking about? lol
The second dude is legit living in the future.
Love how that guys solution to the boarder.... is to build a boarder. No no sorry an X-ray gate
I honestly wonder what would happen if a modern liberal met a nazi. Flip out, or hug them.
That guy in white is so stupid. He said they should be aloud to come in because they give us tax money. They dont pay taxes, thats why they didnt come legally
She said how do I deport I mean report those people. She meant deport 
We have enough Mexicans Central Americans Chinese here in La too many there's no room to move
The wall is just a metaphor.  As this video demonstrates, no one can talk about the wall without going directly  to the immigration debate.  The two need to be separated as no matter where you stand on immigration or any of the underlying issues (sanctuary cities, visa lotteries, travel bans, acceptance of refugees, etc.), a critical analysis of the wall can only conclude that it is a project that takes up far too much resources and time for the very little in security that we would get in return.  

If you say "I'm for the wall!'" as a way of saying "I am for tougher enforcement of current immigration laws, newer and more restrictive laws for legal immigration and better security at the border," then you have reasonable positions with which other reasonable people can agree or disagree, especially in the details.  This is where the immigration debate can be constructive.  But, if you say "I'm for the wall!" as a way of saying "we need a continuous structure along our border with Mexico," then you're just a moron.
That second guy is so confusing to comprehend. he came so ill-prepared lol
The wall is a stupid idea. The vast amount of resources it would take to build this gigantic structure would be staggering. We don't have the budget to have adequate amount of school supplies in our classrooms, and somehow we can just procure the materials, labor, and time to build a 2000 mile wall? What is conservative about that? Much of the land there is private property. Is the government going to seize it in the name of eminent domain? That seems like it would be the biggest abuse of government power since the internment camps, and goes highly against the right's stance of small government. 

Walls have been notoriously poor throughout history at keeping people out. From Genghis Khan breaching the Great Wall of China multiple times at different points, to the nazis completely bypassing the Maginot Line, to the thousands of east Germans crossing the Berlin Wall, to the thousands of north koreans getting through the DMZ every year, and that's just off the top of my head. A project of this magnitude and cost better stop all illegal entry coming in from Mexico but you'd be foolish to think it would. Also, don't a large chunk of illegal immigrants do so by plane?
Jesus, I hope that woman is ok. You could still see her face on the badge she was wearing. :S Also, how high was that first dude. Been playing too much deus ex or something.
Wow...I actually feel bad for that guy. He seems nice enough but he is not a high intellectual thinker
How many biker gangs in America are doing crimes that are not documented?
Politicians are bringing most of the drugs in this country.
Bc of this video and you will get her killed. Your dumb for posting this video.
Im from Mxico, and I can tell you that the wall wont stop illegal inmigration. The families that are scaping to USA, do it because they are looking for better economic oportunnities for their families, due to corruption, the goverment is taking away land from the people. A lot of them doesnt have access to water, education or well paid jobs. The poor people is being exploited. So the goverment is the one to blame for. But dont say stuff like "inmigrants are stealing our jobs", because Im more than sure  that you wont like to work +8h under the sun for 4 dlls per hour. Also, are you really  dumb enough to believe that the drugs are being bring to the US illegaly? The Cartels use trailers to transport tons of drugs, and they do it through the border... how? well, you also have corruption on your side. There's a lot to work to do for both countries, but I can tell you that a wall wont stop ANYTHING.   P. S Im sorry for my english
Leroy .. lol bro wtf???
OMFG! How many people just talk out of their asses when they talk to Stephen? All of a sudden people have the solutions and the "great" ideas as to what to do. That dude about the electronic tags makes no fucking sense... Yes, that would be a great idea, but how would you get them to funnel to that electric monitor without a wall... And please, for the love of God, "STAY ON FUCKING TOPIC!!!" No one cares about you being the Governor of New Mexico... Jesus Christ!!!
That-uh guy-uh was-uh beyond-uh stupid-uh.
Pee is stored in the balls
    Change my Mind
Rip x
This was painful to watch
Trump did say there bringing in drugs what are you on he also said these people from sh$&@t hole countrys are coming here so he is a huge trash talker and jails have walls  drugs still get in so a wall not the answer. Also nobody will change your mind your in the conservative mind set of keeping things simple and law and order thats how republicans brains work there is no right or wrong answer wen your a dem or repub you just want what you think is best for America because at the end of the day we all want (most of us) want America to be chill and fun but to have laws and rules but bashing people for there beliefs is not going to get that peace we all want in America and outside America. You cant make America great again because it was never better than what it is now because if you look back to the 80s and stuff wen was America great it mite of ben for a week better than it is now but make America great again makes zero sense to me
Wow, that guy "future Governor" of  New Mexico was a laughable dunce.... "electronic tagging"? So he thinks we should tag the ear of all illegal immigrants just like they're chattle? Yeah, that's gonna go over really well with the race-obsessed crowd who want to draw comparisons to slavery at every turn.
Yeah go ahead build it. And let all the tax payers pay for it. Lets just make one thing clear here, not all immigrants crossing are Mexicans. You have all Central Americans crossing through Mexico pretending to be Mexicans. Secondly, from all the people here trying to become citizens, Mexicans are more likely to get denied. People from any other country have more chances to become citizens than anybody else. Food for thought. You would never end this immigration shit.
So do doesn't want there to be a physical border but he's okay with microchipping individuals and tracking their movements? Inside every leftist is a little Tyrant just waiting to get out!
Fuck, that New Mexican dude is retarded!
Where can I get some of that 'scientifical ray'
"Build the wall with your ass bitch"
hOw dO I rEpOrT tHoSe PeOpLe 
Most people are uneducated idiots - Change my Mind
Deport all blacks
You can't argue with stupid. The only way to shut liberals up is asking them to donate and pay from their own pockets directly. Without fail they change their minds.
You want to know why you shouldn't build the wall? Well, heres some FACTS first its going to cost millions and millions of dollars and as you may know America has A HUGE debt $18.15 trillion (FACTS) thats one side of it you should be focusing on trying to spend that money in other services and providing a better education and health care in the United States to increase qualifications and through better qualifications create better jobs for people, this way the revenue annual would be bigger. Second point is people are going to get in anyways the wall is just a stupid and another dumb Trump idea with no good justification what so ever. And last but not least the wall would take AGES years and years to be built and the united states government right now should try and find a solution for the money problem right now. Stop focusing on the outside if the system is fucked on the inside!
Veganism is doing more harm than good. Change my mind.
DEPORT ALL ILLEGALS!
I bet every Mexican in the USA knows at least 3 people who are Aliens  if not more, because his reply to having a wall, was pretty much making fun of the idea of keep these Mexicans under control
That dude does not represent New Mexico. Wow.
If only he could find a couple of masterminds
LOL living in california, you know how many "mexicans"  I have met? Zero They're ALL from El salvador, equador, spain (no lisp), brazil (not a word of the portugeuse) you name it. It's hilarious.  But I love it and I love them. These spaniards know how to make a tasty bean burrito though.
Wow! That second person was not Christian, for sure, but, also incredibly naive.  How do you get illegals processed if they don't come through a checkpoint.  "X-RAY," LMFAO!!! The product of a flawed educational system.  Perfect for New Mexico.
I really don't think this guy understands the statistics. I think what you needed to do here was to illustrate it with a graph.
That was not fair to publish this video with that guy in it showing such an extremely low level of intelligence
I think this videos are really interesting, and I can agree or disagree on some matters. But sometimes even good discussions need to come down on numbers. And having good statistics and the ability to interpret them could improve dramatically  the sit downs. Having the numbers and the articles on hand, on paper or on a tablet, could be richer than saying " it is wrong, statistics say otherwise ". Show rather than tell.
Like, I'm not European, my family is actually African, because in the 1550's BC they started traveling north so you know, I'm totally African
DO A EARTH IS ROUND.
Steven, you should have asked the last guy just simply "What about people who don't want to go through these checkpoints to be tagged"
Building that wall to stop illegal immigration is like making gun laws to stop gun violence.....
Low IQ. Very concerning. They aren't sending their best folks
Build the Wall. Thats it. Borders work. If your house has borders and you can decide who comes and goes into your house. Its exactly the same. Again build the Wall
The guy in the white shirt from New Mexico hurt my brain so much. And it's even more embarrassing that he's filming the whole thing himself, and hes going to willingly show people that nonsense that's coming out of his mouth and post it on social media like it's a good thing. He actually said "I have to get together with some masterminds I know" Xray border machines...
Steves look at the end is how I was watching this video all the way thru. Except the part he mentions being governor. I couldnt help but break face and start laughing at my phone. Props to being professional and not calling this guy a complete imbecile and nodding your head as he spits this futuristic unbelievable x ray program. Guys got an imagination Ill give him that
Man that Mexican was so out-of-touch with reality....  -.-
that second guy is so dumb
A boarder wall is an infrastructure solution to a human problem. 
The true way a boarder wall will be funded is future reduction in government paid services like police or ICE
Dude that lady in the beginning kinda sounded crazy like not to be mean but she sounds like if she is off her mess or sum (from personal experience I believe this)
We must build this so called Electrical Field nobody gets in nobody gays out.
Its a wall a Literal none harmful wall.
A lot illegals are very low IQ and intelligence. You can tell from this video. X Ray wall, nice idea mexican
LMAO.. tax the dumb poor dirty immigrants? what a job. Hell, I would be happy to get them out of our safety nets.
Against a wall but wants to put a chip in every human to track them... Somehow I'm not even surprised.
Im for Trump. LET THE HATE ROLL IN 
this dude is all over the place..he's describing a dystopia..
Wow that poor guy in the white shirt really had no freakin idea what he was talking about
Someone actually turned me on to Crowder last week arguing with me on a Ben Shapiro video comment segment. I expressed my dislike of Trevor Noah and Samantha Bee and they suggested I must be a Crowder fan and meant it as an insult. And now I am hooked. How ironic. More proof of Leftists destroying their cause lmao. Mug Club coming soon!!
That guy is a retard
Build a physical wall or an X-Ray wall, it's still a wall. Just because you can't see it doesn't change the fact that it's acting as a wall. So in the end, he did agree to some extent with your view. I'm just interested in knowing how much it will cost to build the X-Ray vs the physical
The lady sounds like my older relatives when they talk about the news
I agree with you on previous videos in this series such as gun control and abortion but this is one I simply can't stand behind.
5:07 "I'm not Mexican I'm Spanish my family has been in New Mexico since 1550s" 
Ok first off Spanish isn't a ethnicity its a language. 
2nd Sorry to break it to you but you are Mexican
3rd 1550s ??? Really ???
I love this series so much. Although there are a few topics I disagree with you on, it's really interesting listening to genuine and peaceful conversations between such polarised views. You don't see that very often these days, thank you!
Please do a feminism is not about equality. Change my mind I think feminism is about bringing up women and putting down men.
I would like to ask this " islam doesnt work in the west " i know some snow flakes wont like it but if you research the religion as a whole it is uncompatable. It also goes against the mass views of the people.
why are mexicans so low IQ? listening to them gives me a headache. They speak and reason like kindergarteners
Build the wall with your ass bitch??...way to go kid genius
Mr crowder i think i  could present you w info that would have u changing ur mind..on the wall..gov rick perry showed us how its done wen he instituted the texas  border  watch program..strategically placed cameras where people at home could monitor the border and alert response teams. My point is mr crowder and friends...that it worked.  Appears to have worked too well possibly cause it was defunded.  There are risks associated with a wall.. ok so trump builds a crazy wall.. and then the nwo kill him and release dhs and their m raps on society. Good fucking luck escaping through a trump wall...its dangerous it could become recorded histories biggest tomb the usa could. Its reckless and irresponsible to build it wen maybe all we  need is actual enforcement. Maybe all we need is to adopt a virtual  border watch like perry did in texas. Let  the people and malitias  monitor our own fucking border.  Yah korea has a wall.. guess wat happens if ur caught trying to climb it mr. Crowder. Wat if the  border watch cameras fall into enemy hands? Who cares..a lot different then a trump wall getting into enemy hands.
Get a white tape for the sign please
pick some non retarded people next time this is a waste of time
It scares me how people actually want open boarders
I think it would be pretty cool if links to these stats were posted in the description. Not that I doubt them, but honestly I would like to see for myself. Of course I could always just educate myself. Just constructive feedback.
Before it used to be the blacks that used to commit the most crimes now it's all Hispanics, so I say out of 100% I would say 75% of Hispanics are committing crimes
I feel sometimes that trying to share the truth with anybody is useless as they will always dig their heels in and resist the truth
That guy is awfully idealistic. He really didnt know where he was going with his ideas
That dumb spic should just invent the technology he needs to make his system work. Lol
crowder your f ing numbers are a bunch of bs where are you getting your statistics from bro you may try and talk proper but you aint no intellect the proof is in the puddin get your facts straight you let me down son you sounding like a simpleton with yo trump agenda mindset look this up confirmation bias
I love your dog btw
https://youtu.be/2u4Vlgr2iHs
Use the money on something a LOT more effective and less archaic. It's the 21st Century.
That "fact" about undocumented immigrants being 37% of murderous crimes is factually incorrect. They're more likely to NOT commit a crime because of the threat that they will be deported or ruin the chance of hope that they hold dear. It's simple logic.
Numbers are all over the place here, but a quick Google search says he's looking for $18 Billion for a Wall, then DHS says $22B and NYT says $70B.
Why a wall though. I agree with so much of what you said but the wall is such an idiotic idea.
Do is God real, Change My Mind.
You know damn well Crowder is thinking this is a dumb mother fucker. At least I am
Maybe like an X-ray like I dont know the exact like Im not like a super mind expert but like at the same time like maybe so like maybe
I never went to college. These interviewees make me feel like I could be a rocket scientist.
X-ray border XD
Is a border wall going to 100% completely stopp immigration in its tracks? What is the price to build a huge border wall? Who is going to pay for the border wall? And if it's not going to be the American citizens how are we going to make someone else pay for the border wall?
That guy is such an idiot. X-Ray scanner?!? So instead of a cheaper wall, a more expensive digital wall? What a retard. For a guy who claimed to have been thinking about it for three years, he really hasn't thought it through at all. Just because Trump is doing it doesnt mean you have to automatically disagree.
this guy is talking some new world order dystopian shit
Thank God for Donald J. Trump. These people are soo brainwashed.
That last guy is high
You need to debate with someone who has actually live the life and really struggled with that life
One of my old coworkers was born in the US, moved to Mexico at the age of 3 with his dad. At 19 he went to go apply for a job, got deported BACK TO AMERICA and lives with his mom. I asked him about it, and he said that he misses Mexico and wants to go back
lol theres a magical thing called planes and tunnels the wall is only for retards to support
I generally enjoy your show, but your crime stats are ridiculous, and I graduated with a criminology degree.  You've mentioned the burden of proof in other videos, with what you stated about murder and drug sales, the burden of proof is now on you.
Secondly, you love to talk about who brings in and sells the drugs.  I have a question, who is buying the drugs?
That guy sounds like a fucking moron just like a muckum a pasta putestema
imagine that the spanish kid wants no borders...who'da thunk.....
Why want the wall that cost billions of dollars instead invest that money to help people that need it and the wall wouldn't stop crimes from happening in and out of the country and people who crossed the border who happens to be good or bad people there's bad in everyone no matter what ?? Think all the shootings done in the US done by different race u see different race
Lol a few mastermind individuals to figure this out... Yeah maaaaaaaaaan, we just tag em maaaaaaaaaaan. Maybe we can have them were some kind of symbol so they are more easily identified... Wait a second, this sounds like a slippery slope rofl. Love your videos.
We don't need a wall!!! We need an X-ray scanner!!!!!!!
"DrugsUH... PassUH... DrugsUH..Uh uh uh" Very well spoken young man there!
dude in the white is so clueless and it honestly pisses me off  like quit talking my guy you dont have any clue on what the hell youre discussing gtfo
Build that fucking wall TODAY, and DEPORT every fucking last one of these illegals and their anchor kids.
Can someone tell me how a wall is supposed to stop cartels from crossing the border?
I mean what's this wall going to be made of? Have we discovered some crazy cheap material that can't be blown up? lol
Not to mention they can also tunnel under the wall.
How would building a wall stop immigration? where would you put the WAll, around your house?
You should make a change my mind on Cultural Appropriation. Tired of people discriminating each other because  "Oh you're not allowed to wear this because my culture thinks it's not racist or discriminating to tell a person of different culture that they can't wear or do something because of their color"
I think the guy from New Mexico was high
As a New Mexican I hope he doesn't win the governors office.
Wish I could meet you! Would love to sit with you and discuss everything appropriately. I agree with everything you've said. Love these videos
What concerns me about the argument about the wall is that mostly liberals will say its a stupid idea without even providing a single idea as an alternative. In fact the only alternative Ive heard is build bridges not walls which is the absolute dumbest fucking idea Ive ever heard. We can talk all day about why an idea wont work, but thats not very productive at all. I want to hear alternatives
Is this the statistic that you gave? https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/have-undocumented-killed-63000-us-9-11/
You can be against illegal immigration and against the wall as well. Like use that money instead to pay for more border patrol so they don't get bribed from smugglers. Just a thought
Oh.... so this is a concept for a show? This guy doesn't actually stand behind some of these things?
The lady is mentaly ill..
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2018/06/19/two-charts-demolish-the-notion-that-immigrants-here-illegally-commit-more-crime/
Mexicans are nice .
Do a topic on space force. People are getting heated over that
You should try this one somewhere else and see what you get
Great video as always! I would really like to see sources for the facts so I can use them when people tell me the wall isnt a good idea
xray boarder so you can be tract.  Not too Orwellian hahahaha......
10/10 Jim Halpert at the end.
This guys gonna be the governmenor of new mexico?! Shiet I'm moving there and slingshot into 2183472 AD
The dude in the white shirt is a major douche. He was just on the show to fucking film himself, didn't know what he was talking about.
Holy shit I lost brain cells watching the Mexican dude
No Wall because it's too expensive, and it won't even slow down immigration (legal or otherwise). It's a 4th Century solution to a 21st Century problem. Anyone can get over a wall with a ladder, rope or tunnel. Let's look at solutions that fit our time and economic reality.
I dont agree that selling or buying drugs is moraly wrong.
The jerk in white shirt is really stupid, many illegals have ZERO documentation in their own country and how are we supposed to check them out? MORON
Problem - too many illegals here refuse to learn English, thus they can't obey laws they don't now. The illegals can't pass food handlers permit. Can't pass drives license test...on and on and on.
Listen - the purpose of the wall isn't to stop 100% of the illegals, it it to lessen the amount of illegals coming here. It is the liberal dumbasses that keep stating, "the wall isn't going to stop 100% coming here illegally".
The second guy was a complete idiot. Unable to form a single coherent thought. LOL Build the Wall TRUMP 2020!!!
The guy in the white t shirt is delusional.
can you do this one again, it needs more angry blue haired people
I just think the wall is an ineffective solution.. not only will they find ways around it, but you cant build it RIGHT on the border, we have to take land from a LOT of our citizens and ruin their lives for said ineffective solution. the wall literally GIVES LAND TO MEXICO, land that belonged to private citizens! I want a solution, but one that works and is less destructive to our own citizen's lives.
You should do "Im Pro-Nuclear: Change my mind"
Plot twist the wall is to keep us in. Not to keep others out... Trying to push gun control too. Connect the dots. Anyways good intentions or not. I don't think a wall will work the way people are hoping it will. But hell maybe the desert will finally get some shade. 
So this mfr Crowder is from Canada...go back to your country Crowder
And what would that x-Ray machine be attached to?....maybe...a WALL?
We don't need no deportation...
We don't need no xenophobes...
Hey! Trump! Leave Mexico alone!
Although the second guys ideas were all pretty rubbish. At least he didnt sit down without any ideas at all and just stand and scream racist! Every time Steven said he didnt agree.
Lmao, is he really proposing a catch tag and release program for humans?
Past tense of yeet is yoot, Change my mind
There's a pretty good segment by John Oliver about a potential border wall: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vU8dCYocuyI&t=715s  In a nutshell it's extremely expensive to build and maintain and will not effectively keep out illegal immigrants anyways because they will simply build tunnels, use ladders or do what almost half of them do already: Enter the country legally and then overstay their visas.
I think I lost a lot of brain cells listening to the guy in the white tshirt
I dont think we should build the wall. I think we should jail employers who hire illegal immigrants.  Real jail time. Maybe 1 year per violation.
God help New Mexico!!
They should make it easier and faster to get a visa instead of a rediculous long wait for the American Mexican border. But it should also be very effective.
Both of these idiots didn't make an sense
This Spanish dude is high
So he's against Trump's wall, but wants a 2000 mile X-Ray border?? Lmao
Most illegal immigrants come to america by plane and overstay their visas. Building a wall will do nothing to help that and is a waste of time and money and makes us look like idiots.
I like that guy with the podcast? (with the backpack and the white shirt) or whatever... he was hilarious...
This guy is fucking dumb
Closed captions at 4:25 lmao love Crowder but essentially this whole segment in a nutshell
Can we hear more from the guy with the white t-shirt?  Real genius.
OMFG that look at the end XD LMAO!!!!!
The "Spanish" dude is a little spastic and misinformed.  He glazed over Crowder's statistics.
How about this... anyone that doesnt want the wall has to remove the walls from their house. Anyone who doesnt want a border can remove the fence or door off their house. Why not since youre so trustworthy. And to anyone who wants to cut out immigration tell your military government to stay out of other countries creating chaos. Tell your government you dont want corrupt American policies in foreign countries. Stop false wars created by propaganda that benefit cooperate globalists. Its annoying to see all these zombies who only get mad when the news tells you to. Bunch of mindless drones. Maybe figure out what lead up to all these people fleeing to the border. Do some research and look at how your government and globalist elites has ravage third world countries.
Welp, there goes Crowder making up statistics again, how you supposed to change someone's mind who operates on a different set of "facts" than reality.
You Americans really know nothing. You don't know the cartels, the drugs will be getting to the US no matter how tall your wall is. You are doing this just as a xenophobic monument and is not going to do shit to solve your problems. Handle your own shit and don't blame us in the south who ALWAYS have been friendly to you.
Everyone is allowed to express them selfs. But if its against me, Ill bash you. That is the mentality of most Americans.
ya'll realize you can dig a tunnel right?
I can't believe that guy stole my x-ray wall idea! Damn it!
Why did the dude in the white keep putting, an A at the end of his words? He sounded like he was trying to do a cheap Italian accent
He was cool though lol
Was this tent and table setup outside of a mental health facility? Where do you find these people, Steven? Then again, I don't get out enough; maybe the majority of people do actually think like this. That's a scary thought.
I lost brain cells listening to the second guy
"Scientifical x-ray border"! And Leroy was eager to challenge the conversation??
I agree with you on most things, but the wall is a huge waste of money. It's not going to stop them from coming in. I whole heartily disapprove of illegals coming in, but a "wall" is just silly.
So,Steven where did you get the 3,5% of illegals committing 37-40% of all murders in US???lol
If illegals commit 37% of all the murders then blacks only commit 10% and not to mention millions of the latinos and the other races who are legal,Which one is it,you cant have it both ways.
According to every Police source almost 50% of all murders are committed by the whites who make up more than 65% of the US population,followed very closely by the blacks who only make up 12% of the US population(so blacks commit way more crimes than any other race compared to their population)
So, let anyone come in as long as they have a tag in their body to track them and make them pay taxes...that's solid immigration planning right there. Just no doubts about it.

We are fucked.
the constitution is not a living document - change my mind.  Maybe too broad, but could be good.
"Dude just say no"
My only criticism would be that for such a great topic, it was wasted on an idiot talking about all that futuristic garbage and expecting things to work without any idea how etc. I wanted to really hear "change my mind" on building the wall.
Secure the border. A wall is a retarded idea
please go to the flat earth convention and do a "the earth is round. change my mind"
The thing about a wall that people don't seem to understand, It's very simple... You can fly over a wall, you can dig under a wall or you can go around a wall. I know it seems like a wall wouldn't do much after realizing that. It will just make some ignorant people "feel better".
White shirt dude for New Mexico Governor.
As soon as people present valid facts they start getting all defensive. Why can't American's just respect our government or get the F out if its so bad here.
Future governor of New Mexico right there.
And  @4:05  Leroy a.k.a "Seor Taco Loco" lost grip of reality.
Well I guess I'd rather spend my tax money on reforming the schools rather than keeping people who need to escape a deteriorating country from getting into a more positive one. But that might just be me.
It would cost billions and billions of dollars to build that wall. Just hire more people to guard it with that money and create more jobs that way. The wall won't do shit. You'd still have money left over afterwards and then you can use that money on more important issues like refining our public school systems.
Cost efficiency. Economic studies have shown stricter border controls have slowed incoming immigrants but have bottlenecked people leaving. Creating a growth of illegals staying  instead of the pattern of seasonal migration that occurred in the past.
everify for all job applicants with serious sanctions for delinquent employers
they don't want to be legal citizens that's the problem lmao
If ppl come in illegally they aren't paying taxes
4:22 "Cause we might find some areas where we disagree, versus areas where we disagree." Politics in a nutshell folks
I cant wait until my mans is the governor of this fine city of New Mexico 
Gawd that mexican/spanish dude was seriously dumb.
Scary and funny at the same time.
Israel should take refugees into their country. Crowder is a jew tool.
Lord help us.
I believe this problem would go down if the process of legally obtaining citizenship, or legally coming to the US, would be made more simple. It has been made too difficult which is why these people take the more difficult and unwanted route.- this is my thought... change my mind
So he thinks people should be tagged.
Like cattle.

Tells me what he thinks of humans.
The sad thing is that in my great state of New Mexico most of the people are about this uninformed about everything. You get in a conversation about issues like this and everyone has an emotion about the subject but no one has a real argument.
you have said in the past that you respond to every negative comment so fuck you and your stupid hair Stephen. Now that that I have fulfilled my legal obligation of my comment needing to be negative in order to meet the prerequisites for a response, I would love to see an Honesty is more important than civility change my mind. More accurately in the course of debate it is not important that dont offend you if what I am saying is true, not being rude and yelling someone down because you think they are wrong.
.....a fuckin xray gate?????  LMFAO
why have a wall when you can get one of those big lasers from resident evil
stick with immigration laws screen allow immigrants who will contribute to the US and pay taxes without burdening our system a chance. The wall I can assure you is necessary, thinking otherwise is ignorant.
This guy has dreams
Crowder is awful at this job. Somebody else should take over this segment. I think this (Change my Mind) could be a huge success. He comes in hot trying to start arguments because he wants this to be good, but he is a poor debater. Look, this should be either funny or authentically educational. Hes not the man for either job.
OMFG build the wall regardless of cost and do it fast. Then deport these thick cunts before your country is written off.
Steven is twice my age but he's so cute XD
Is there a source on the figure (around the 6:30 mark) that 3.5% of undocumented immigrants make up for 37% of the US's homicides?
The face at the end...haha!
https://www.factcheck.org/2018/06/is-illegal-immigration-linked-to-more-or-less-crime/
track where people are everywhere? like knowing that people are in country's is something but if it goes as close as knowing if people are in city's that just some real dystopian shit. (well. google and facebook are already doing that. but still. my phone is not part of my body for now.)
Can we get a link for where your getting your information from at 6:53 please?
I am pro-suicide. If someone wants to end their life, and if its a permanent issue, we should let them die without pain, such as a pill. If you agree, you should make a Im Pro-Suicide | Change My Mind.
Americans be like BUILD THE WALL!

Mexicans be like We got tunnels, PUTO!
I got a change my mind ad on a change my mind video
That other talk show host is insane.
God help New Mexico if that guy gets elected.
Was this video filmed in Santa Fe New Mexico
On the second guy's plan to make an x-ray border, if you were to make open borders where people had to identify themselves, people who aren't trying to hide anything would go through those points and identify themselves. Why would they try to make a dangerous hike across a desert? Then, it would be only criminals that would try to sneak across at a place that isn't a checkpoint.
I would love to see a "God is Real: Change My Mind"
The Constitution doesn't give Congress the power to regulate immigration. The founding fathers gave us open borders. The borders were completely open until the Chinese Exclusion Act of 1882. Capitalism requires the free movement of goods and people.
i think the wall would be a ridiculous waste of money. i think a better solution would be reforming the immigration process. the current immigration process is entirely too lengthy and expensive. so what i would suggest is to shorten the immigration process to no more than 3 months, shouldn't take longer than that to vet people. use much less money than it would take to build the wall and build facilities to house those immigrants and their immediate family members that are seeking asylum from actual danger in their country for a that 3 month period, all other not threatened immigrants can simply wait in their country until their immigration is approved. we avoid the huge cost of the wall, we avoid seperating families, and we avoid most illegal immigration. if i had to wait years and years and years to enter a country legally, i would probably try the illegal route as well. i am not okay with illegal immigration, but i also understand that our immigration process and policies probably contribute to it quite a bit.
that guy is an idiot and has no argument.......
"an x-ray boarder?" hahaha
My man is writing an episode of Stargate SG-1.
The thing I find dumb with the wall is the fact that I dont think Mexico will actually pay for the wall and instead come out of our own pockets for the dumb wall. And if Im not mistaken the wall will cost billions or maybe millions but I either way. One country (Mexico) shouldnt be forced to pay for it themselves when immigrants can come from anywhere.
Wtf.  That guy is crazy.  X ray border !?  Lmao !  

Oh yeah!!  governor of New Mexico.  Wow this guy is off his meds !
Hi m......muh names Jeff....I am a cheap prick
Also many immigrants admit to sending money to their relatives back in their home countries.... Many of them retire back to their home countries (literally sending American dollars in checks to their countries). .....also many arabs and Indians send large amounts of money to their home country specifically to invigorate their economies back home in their country and bleed our economy....
4:46 ....we already have citizens to spend money within our economies, we already have that covered thank you very much (....like wtf?)
Build a wall only if it's full proof. 
Why waste our money on something that doesn't work. 
Look at the Great Wall of China. So many people got through that and its the largest in the world.
We cant build that.

I am for deporting those who are not legally here and causing problems. This means they aren't paying taxes and are nearly untraceable if they commit a crime.

Start with those that are dealing in drugs and stealing; feeding the Mexican pipeline of drugs to this country's youth. 

Later, make a thorough sweep for other illegals still here.

If the child was born here, let them make the decision to stay or go to Mexico. 
If the child is not old enough to decide whether they want to stay in the U.S. they and their parents will have to move back to Mexico and apply for citizenship. 

This gives the parents time to apply for citizenship here, gain some money for the move back, and make sure their children are stable. 

This will also deter those who really do not care to stay in the US.

We have to have humanity and we see a whole other country adoring ours because we are the land of the free. 

If these people want in, let them in accordingly. 

You might have the next Einstein coming in our gates! Let it happen!

Building smaller groups of walls will be easier to guard, stronger in force, and effective if bumped with more guards and prevention measures such as filling tunnels.
An xray border huh haven't heard that one yet lmao and to think he actually thinks he's smart enough to run for a office of higher power were all fucked
Electronic tags? We ain't prisoners, if I'm legally in a country I should have the freedom to go about my day without being watched like a hawk
Wow had no idea on those stats, I supported the wall before now I don't know why nothing is being done and shocked it wasn't proposed before Trump
Was that last guy stoned?
I'm not for building a wall, I'm for building a fence that lets people know when they are crossing the border, as some people even do it accidentally, and it is extremely common for Canadian citizens who live near the border to accidentally cross. I don't believe a wall would do anything to actually help stop illegal immigration, You can go around the wall, you can fly over it, you can use a ladder, I mean there is a reason the great wall of China is no more than a historical site today and not an actual deterrent to crossing their borders, its because this isn't the stone age anymore, and spending millions of dollars on something that won't actually work is just dumb.
Attack helicopter is a real gender, change my mind.
I think we should have a wall in the north as well due to Canada's Muslim migrant policy...
Where are your sources for your facts dude?
If Mexico and Central American countries weren't such a mess, you wouldn't need to discuss the ridiculous idea of spending billions of dollars on a physical wall. Maybe the US and Canada should be discussing what they can do to help bring stability and prosperity to these countries that people want out of.

Short term a wall might sound good, but long term the logical solution would be to work on a cure instead of a bandaid.
Why build a wall when a gun would work much better
I have written my note to verify I will be a willing participant of the USA's economy, and promise not to sell drugs or commit crime. Who do I send it to?
The governor of New Mexico  can people really be that dumb or was he joking?
I would really like the source on his stats.
Build the wall!!
So that guy is basically describing what already exists, which is: going through the process of becoming a citizen. The difference is that he supports the idea that no one could be rejected.
X-ray wall isnt a half bad idea in all honesty, dont change my mind
the wall is just a big waste of money. yes the border should be secure, yes we should reduce illegal immigration. what i have a problem with is a wall isnt gonna slow down illegal immigration, because look at cuba. they cross a pretty large body of water to get to states like Florida, you spend money on this wall and those people are gonna go around it, over it, under it. so we are gonna spend what, 25 billion on a wall thats gonna take no effect, then how are we going to pay for that? mexico isnt paying for it, the rich got their perminant tax cuts, so all of those taxes are going to fall on our backs. not only will we lose our "tax cuts" in a few years, but it will go even higher because of that stupid wall. there are other ways to secure that border that wont waste 25 billion dollars.
Idc how old this is but fuck his opinion and anybody that agrees with him
A wall just seems too over the top and just wrong.
i know Santa fe is retarded but there's no way he's getting elected anything
The second guy was kinda dull.
Wtf? I feel dumb as fuck listening to this dude. Steven idk how you kept your calm
I think boarders, should be illegal, they are just imaginary lines drawn on paper, we all all of the human race, and citizens of planet earth, and untill we see that, we will never have peace.
 shes for illegal immigration
California is now owned and populated by Latinos.
Are all latinos stupid like this guy?
This could be me being really super ignorant, but why dont why remove the income tax entirely and increase taxes on our purchases. That way the whole concept of not wanting to be a legal citizen because you have to pay taxes becomes irrelevant.   If I am completely wrong here just let me know
This guy is exactly how I imagine the common man thinks.
Funny stuff, this guy talks fast and has some funny ideas pulled straight out of movies but he clearly has never even thought about the basics like resource allocation or budgeting.
veganism is a myth change my mind.
So sad that there are people that stupid/clueless out there. Thx for giving them a mic Crowder. I don't mean to be sarcastic, because it shows the reality of what is out there.
Electric Id tag lol
This guy is just throwing out words that just make no sense.
its funny how the dumbest people always have so much to say lol that dude needs to lay off tha coca leaf lol, he s not making any sense formulating his ideas
Haha, your statistics make me laugh!
10:30 Dude goes full on Minority Report, with scanners around cities scanning everyone all the time. WTF!?
Where the fuck did this moron get his statistics ,Let me guess faux news ,build another mayflower and sail your pale asses back to Europe fucking white trash need to go back to that shit hole called Europe .
LMFAOoo!!! XRay border LMfAOoo!!!
The 2nd guy is way off the wall. He lost me...
Blurring her face may not protect her. Please understand that the people who she maybe talking about could off someone without thought. What you are doing is right, legal etc etc, but could lead to horrible consequences. Just saying
I've smoked 4 bowls and I still have a headache from this guy....
My Human Geography teacher talked to me about immigration one time during my free time, and we discussed how legal Mexican immigrants actually despise illegal ones more than white conservatives because they had to work so hard to get citizenship and then these illegals just cross the boarder for free and get handed everything for free and dont have to pay taxes.
I'm surprised so many people want to publicize their lack of intelligence and education on camera.
Can u please cite the sources so I can use these statistics
Go ahead build a wall it'll help with the immigration problem, but forcing Mexico to pay for it seems like a pipe dream.  You want someone to come into your house by letting them in through your front door, and not sneaking in through your back door right? Well you can't rely on a dude who's willing to sneak into your shit to pay for a fence to keep them out. Do it yourself
What was up with that last shot???13:13
I had to stop listening to the guy in the white shirt.  It was painful.
I hear most often that most illegal immagrants come here legally and overstay there visas, and that a good percentage of them fly, so the point of a wall must be useless. Otherwise I hear arguments stating that it will cost billions of dollars and that it would be way better to put a system in place that would prevent illegal immigrants from being able to over stay there visas, and then use the money instead for things like renewable energy.
What will happen if the people refuse to show up to the classes? Refuse citizenship? Refuse to pay taxes? What are the consequences?
I dont understand why there isn't a greater emphasis on the Cartels in this issue, all illegal immigration is through them, and is a large source of income for them. In order to get from South or Central America into the US illegally, you need to pay the cartels, and they smuggle you across and once in the US they again find you for the rest of the money. If you try to get in to the US illegally without being escorted by a cartel handler, cartel gunmen will shoot you. Those bastards often send these people on a 4 day walk through the desert after telling them it is only 4 hours and many run out of water and die, El Paso morgue is full of people who died of thirst. It's likely cartel members that the lady at the beginning was afraid of. these bastards are well funded, well armed and vicious, and this problem cant be fixed if they are ignored.
.....and let's make it clear. .....its not just Hidpanics and Latins coming in through the border. .....We have caught wanted terrorists from the middle east coming in through the Mexican border....
Change my mind sucks horribly! 

You have a guy who prepares all the Republican talking points on issues and basically debates the worst representatives of the non-right you can find (basically far from the  most intellectual or stable people) who go in completely unprepared. Its like freestyle battling random people on the spot, when you have all your punchlines ready.
Steven Crowder is a Christian, therefore, he's an idiot.

The other guy's intelligence, however, cannot be properly described using the English language. He must be a result of inbreeding or something of that nature. He's about as smart as a Christian on steroids.
WE NEED X-RAY BORDERS! Everytime an immigrant crosses it they get cancer!
About 90% of all heroin and meth crosses the southern border and now mexicans are bringing what is called mexican super meth
This guy!!!! Hahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!!!!!
"Tax illegal immigrants,"... resulting in more welfare programs...
RIP that first lady.
Build a wall on both borders so that they cant say its racists but they still will
Lets see a video where you take an L. Too many wins
That guy is stupid
I seriously CANNOT understand why these people would even sit down without a valid argument. It completely blows my mind how ignorant all of these volunteers are; not just in this video, but in all of your interviews. 
We NEED a wall, period. I wish we could have a wall around the entire perimeter of the country. Maybe that would not only solve the illegal immigration issues, but also help us dedicated US citizens realize how detrimental having all of these non US citizens clogging up our prisons, streets, and schools. It's truly sad that 3.4% of the UNDOCUMENTED ILLEGAL population contributes to 37% of the national homicide rate. I don't see why it is so difficult for people to recognize that this is an issue, and a danger; not only for yourself and your children, but for the future of out beautiful nation.
9:44 .....Liberals , , , the "wingin it" political party 
8:12 ....they invented that already. .....It's called LEGAL IMMIGRATION
Pathetic how the low IQ inbreds have to resort towards shouting obscenities instead of coming up with refutations.

Low IQ = more likely to using violence against strangers
My god, these young adults, future of America, can barely PHUCKING formulate a proper English sentence .
Wtf,wtf,wtf, my 7 year old neice can speak more proper and is more articulate then these college students.
Are we really this phucked up ?
My god, did that idiot  ah, um oh, u, ah, um spanish guy really say an Xray border?
Yeah,
No yeah, we are doomed. Unless there is a miracle, some divine intervention, we are in very real and very serious trouble. These folks can't be trusted with a Constitution, can't be trusted with a Democracy, or any of the 3 branches of government. They will ruin everything it took to get us this far. I'm a LEGAL immigrant, and I bleed red white and blue, build the wall amd build it tall, and teach our kids ENGLISH again, we don't need Spanish as a second language when our youth can't even formulate a basic argumentative sentence without looking like their brains are about to implode inside their half empty skulls. They literally speak how they text message, and have the IQ of a lap dog. We don't fix this, we are finished.
You have no idea what you're talking about Leeroy. lmao let me take a hit of whatever it is you're smoking! lol
lol that look at the end though...
That guy tried to hard to sound like an intellectual on the subject and just ended looking like a fool with his three  years of brainstorming ideas lol
Lmaoooo Steven crowders facial reaction after the guy walked away Im so dead 
did this guy just say hes gonna be a governor!? hahahaha hes a fucking retard! "i dont want a wall, but everyone should go through checkpoints with documentation" NO FUCKING SHIT! WHAT STOPS THEM FROM WALKING THE FUCK AARROOUUNNDD THE CHECKPOINT?! oh right, A GOD DAMN WALL!
Please do mass Muslim immigration in Europe is bad!
"The Wall" is not like the wall of China. This "wall" is reinforcement of the borders; fixing border-less areas; low security/high illegal immigrant entry locations...
This dude is clearly not all there, and obviously not super bright. What's the value in a conversation with a guy like this?
BUILD THAT WALL
Im a white  New Mexico resident but i absolutely do not not that cunt as my governor he's a fricking idiot
Im gonna give props where props are do. you got balls crowder
Any chance of a segment on the settlement of Palestine?
I could have spit out my drink when he said "I would need some masterminds".  I don't know why that was so funny.
Fight illegal imigration from its sources. It would be cheaper than building a wall. Unfortunately, that would mean directly developing Mexico and some Southern American Nations. Not a solution for the U.S because of their ego and due to the fact that these illegal imigrants participate in the economy. Working off radar or not, they cost less than what they bring. It would be shameful to  result into building such a huge wall. Like the lady said, they will still find ways to get in. We in Europe have the Mediteranian Sea as 'our wall'. It does not stop people arriving in hundreds and thousands into the E.U illegaly.  Those willing to go onto such dreadful and risky journeys to cross the boarder are truely doing so for a good reason. They are Human Beings fleeing poor living conditions in hopes of making their lives better. They are not crazy to go through such risks. Unfortunately the sad truth is that we 'where the grass is 'greener'', fear the consequences of sharing such a priviledged lifetyle with foreigners. Most Europeans (and I assume U.S citizens) fear due to employment/taxes at risk with too many migrants. Whats the worst that can happen? Degrade from owning a BMW to a Corola. Having 50$/ less to spend on stupid things per month, whilst people on the otherside struggle for their lives. Not knowing when they will get killed by their Government(Africa), neighbouring gang(Honduras/Mexico), malnutrition/sickness and fear of spending the rest of their years without hope if they stay where they are.  Hope is one thing we should never take away from people, and it is our duty as 'better-off' nations to help provide hospitality for those seeking assylum/refuge instead of treating them like criminals and animals. Put yourself in their shoes and put down your burger and step down from your clouds for just a minute.Its important to secure a boarder ( even though schengen is doing fine) but it is another to split a continent physically. That wall is insulting and truely will be a disgust for future generations who will find more humane and inteligent solutions.
Social Media has ruined civil political discourse. Change my mind.
See if you build the wall that won't change much most of immigration is from planes and then them over staying their visit I normally agree with you but here I do not I'm trying to be respectful as possible there is a Adam ruins every thing that tells you why it's better to not build a physical wall
I'm not sure that Steven Crowder should have put that first woman on the video.  I'm would imagine that there are many people in that area who could easily identify her.   I hope she is OK.
What if there were no borders anywhere in the world? Why even have them? I agree with second interviewee. There is an advantage to letting anyone and everyone in and giving them an SSN and tax them. Crime? Tell the police to do their jobs. Maybe use those extra taxes for good schools, mental healthcare, and help for people running from ravaged Central America. While we're at it, let's go ahead and legalize drugs and prostitution so that we bankrupt the cartels. Ditch the IRS and their crooked exemptions and charge everyone over the age of 18 a progressive income tax taken directly out of their pay. No refunds, no H&R Block, no exemptions. Go to a cashless society.
I wonder what LGBTQ Seattle would think of their ad running against Crowder content, LOL.
Where are some links/sources  to your stats on illegal imigrant crime rates....as far as I can tell any reliable ones don't even exist...
Did that guy have even one single full thought?
Dude does way too much pot
That guy with the camera sounds like a moron
It's amazing how ignorant people are on this issue. 

1.The guy admits he wants no borders and no walls
2.says the immigration and drugs are only going to get worse so we should stop fighting it and just let it all in.
3. thinks Trump's physical wall is bad while thinking some imaginary sci fi tech wall that has tech to track UNDOCUMENTED people (without any kind of gps tracking chip or implant) and that people will just "have to carry documentation" not paying attention to the fact that the problem IS THE FACT THAT THESE PEOPLE DON'T HAVE DOCUMENTATION TO BEGIN WITH.
4.spews the liberal talking point that "big pharma" prescription drugs are a much bigger and more dangerous problem then the drugs coming from outside the country. Clearly he's never seen a immigration drug bust (one of the ones were they round up 30-40 guys and a moving truck FULL of drugs.)
5.he thinks we should tax the UNDOCUMENTED ILLEGAL immigrants. Who in order to be in the system to be taxed in the first place would have to be DOCUMENTED. Again this is part of the problem with illegal immigration to begin with.

Willful stupidity pisses me off. Because we live in a age were THE INFORMATION OF THE WHOLE DAMN WORLD IS AT OUR FUCKING FINGERTIPS! There's no excuse for it. I have learning disabilities and even i can take the time to look at the information provided on any given topic. People will fully functioning brains should sure as fuck be able to do the same.
It's not gonna keep all of them out, but quite certainly pretty much all of them in. That's the problem. Pls just watch this everyone: https://youtu.be/0wk6rswxQro
So I watched a few of these and thought this guy was really well informed, I was impressed with the research he had done for the two genders one but I looked it up and the statistic he sites saying that the 2.5 percent of our population that are illegal immigrants are causing 30% of the crime in America is COMPLETELY untrue. He is quoting Trump who was quoting a bogus article written years ago, there are many, many statistics/articles that prove this estimate wrong. That 2.5 percent would have to be committing crime at an impossible rate, please don't let this man further the racism in this country. Research the things you hear from him and anyone else on the internet. I was shocked that he would use something so very untrue to argue his opinion. 
Here are a couple sources proving him wrong, a simple Google search would further show that that statistic is completely fabricated. 
https://www.npr.org/2018/05/02/607652253/studies-say-illegal-immigration-does-not-increase-violent-crime
https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2018/03/30/upshot/crime-immigration-myth.html
https://crim.sas.upenn.edu/fact-check/do-mexican-immigrants-cause-crime
Coming out as conservative or even saying Donald Trumps name in Sweden (at least in Stockholm where I live) is literally asking to be dragged out in the middle of the street before being strung upside down and sawed in half whilst everyone watches and spits on you. 

Its literally more socially acceptable to identify as a third gender, bash men for existing (the blind, blatant hatred towards men is insane over here cough Zara Larsson cough ), say that borders should not exist and to say that illegal immigration is perfectly reasonable (Brings me back to 2015s refugee crisis...what a shitstorm that was. Back then, I was a diehard SJW who made a presentation about the refugee wave, which was obviously not rooted in facts and 100% based on emotions. At least I got a round of applause from my equally airheaded friends (yes, Im calling myself airheaded bc I was.)).) 

Literally, go up to anybody in Stockholm and say I think our country has a problem with illegal immigrants because of all the proven statistics that point towards illegal immigration being tied with (violent) crimes and rape/sexual assault and theres an 80% chance youll be decked in the face and called a racist (Or, in my case, youll have B-B...UT YOURE AN IMMIGRANT SINCE YOURE CHINESE said to you...which just goes to show that these Swedish sheep know nothing about immigration, be it legal or illegal) OR a supporter of Sverigedemokraterna (the most Conservative party here, their leader is awfully annoying but I agree with his stance on immigration, whoopsies.). 

But go up to somebody and say I identify as a ceiling fan and youll be called progressive instead of a fucking retard. 

Sweden is a beautiful country, but I hate living in it sometimes when I see how overrun it is with crazy feminists, illegal alien worshippers and other deluded alt left idiots. Theres literally no hope for conservatives in Sweden anymore (Not to trigger people, but sometimes I wish I was American and or lived in America because of how accepting it is. Its not the greatest, but its MUCH better than living as a  conservative in Europe. I sometimes want to scream when I hear privileged, zie/zir identifying knucklefuckers whine about how oppressive America is, like no.).

Help.

(Sorry for the longass comment, I just feel like nobody talks about Sweden and paints all of us Swedes as retarded liberals, and Im pretty tired of it.)

EDIT: Im a 19 year old girl and a Chinese immigrant (whose parents worked hard to grant me a Swedish citizenship when coming here) for yall knucklefuckers planning on @ing me with your str8 whyte male bullshit.
That American kid is dumb and on drugs.
Hey, I'm a weird looking white dude with a list carefully crafted, irrelevant and convoluted retorts ready to condescend my way into looking smart.... change my mind
Boy and Bear? I hear you amigo
I wonder if Crowder sits there sometimes and thinks, "This person is incredibly stupid."
Hi Steven. At 7:06 you claim that immigrants commit crimes at disproportionate levels. Every study I have found show this to be the opposite. Can you provide your sources here? 
Here is one source I've read:
 https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2018/06/19/two-charts-demolish-the-notion-that-immigrants-here-illegally-commit-more-crime/?utm_term=.2ca35b1815be
Respect, Best of luck to ya.
I think you need a reshoot on this... First two sitdowns are geeked up
The guy that wants to allow illegals in and tax them isnt accounting for the fact that they send most of their money back home funneling money out of our economy.
As trump himself said, maybe a rope.......
There's a great show called Adam ruins everything and he goes over why build a wall would be bad idea and I highly advice watching this
I mean, fuck,  an xray border. Why didn't anyone else think of that shit. Problem solved. Call president Trump and give him the news
She is against the wall because she thinks it will be a waste of money because illegal immigrants will find a way in regardless of walls. 
I actually agree with her, but it will slow them down momentarily.
This is too short 
Pogo!
A border wall, a 14th century solution to a 21st century problem. Hope that wall goes real high, gotta stop all those people flying in planes with legal tour Visas so they don't overstay and become illegals.
Hey Crowder! Mexican here, I want you read my comment keeping in mind that I am Mexican, not Mexican-American, meaning that I am not watching this video from within the fake-victim-culture that you have in America.

I agree with this video, immigration brings bad people into good places. If mexicans, middle-easterns, puerto ricans and other citizens of the world had a culture rich in values such as justice, peace, and being civilized overall, they wouldt have the need of leaving their home country in the first place.

But I dont think that building a wall is really going to help, I do agree that having a more controlled border, implementing regulations and preventing immigration at all is needed, but how is a wall going to help if (as a lot of people have already said it) around half of the immigrants come by air? Still the other half comes by land but as quirky criminals as we are, we are going to find other ways of migrating without going through that wall. Basically I think that regulating borders is really important, I just think that a wall is not going to stop us.

And by the way, really good strategy there from Trump, separating kids from their families, blaming it on democrats, then he makes sure it never happens again with an executive order that makes it easier and faster to get the whole family deported to avoid them being separated. Smart move, create a fake problem and fix it passing whichever law you want.
Leroy is what happens when you don't turn CNN off for a week.
I think borders are gonna become a thing of the past, Ive been talking to a lot of people. Says the Mexican with illegal parents lol
Thats 13 1/2 minutes of my life Ill never get back. No coherent thoughts from opposers of border wall.
"The few ruin it for the many".  Mental white guy shoots up a school?  White males are crazy.  Black guy shoots someone, all blacks are murders.  Cop kills a black guy?  All cops are racist.  Berlin wall oppresses the west?  Trumps wall is evil!

Trump says a lot of stupid stupid things... the wall might not be financially sound, it might not actually lower illegal immigrants and crime, it might not do a lot of things... but it damn there are so many clueless people.
X-Ray border  is this dude retarted
You definitely should have done more to protect that one girl. If she gets recognized she could be in some serious trouble
Wage gap doesnt exist- change your mind
I guess all those Mexican drug dealers have been using jetpacks since ever before, and cross-border tunnels are just Hollywood equipment, and all children locked up in cages are actually actors playing in a film.
1) Measure the length of the border
2) Divide it by the length of the Berlin wall
3) Now multiply with the number of people who escaped East Berlin
4) That is if the entire border is covered with millions of land mines, barbed wires, bazookas and watch towers.
5) Now tell me if such a wall is ever going to work.
Tax them! Brilliant! But what if they got no money hmm what happens then
RFID chip? Really??? 
Dude wanted to be the governor of Mexico? Oof.
I would love to talk to you about this.
Can you be a criminal even you didnt know it was illegal?
Blur her face but not her tag? :p
"I'm not saying we need a border but we definitely need some sort of well defined divide between nations that serves the function of identifying all of the indivuals that pass through it."
The second guy you spoke with is a total communist. He is asking to be tagged and treated like an animal that can be tracked. This would be utter loss of freedom. Once you are in the county and have your citizenship you shouldnt be tracked. We need less government.
You should make a I am pro vaccine change my mind!!!!!!!
. The United States is becoming more and more genetically homogenized and there is little hope that the trend can be reversed. The extent that a society is civilized is a function of its gene pool; once the gene pool has been lost, the products of that gene pool are also lost. Miscegenation with others, by inexorably lowering IQ, is the greatest threat to the survival of whites and their civilizations. Nothing else is more certain to permanently destroy white civilization. Yet few whites recognize the threat and many whites actually welcome it...think about that do we want this great country to become South America or Africa?
Why do these episodes make me cringe so much, the stumbling of words of people not sure about their standpoint on a certain subject and just how they have no education is very sad.
Lollllllll X-ray boarder hahaha  this guy is fried !
The 1550s
Lol lets blurr her face but not her ID card around her neck. REKT 
Chippy says "My muddas a beautiful woman"
He just wasted all your time talking about deep potty, with unrealistic nonsense. Good show Mr. Crowder! Hahaha... I would have said to the man: thank you... Next!
Make a wall to protect people from the americans
you guys have to keep in mind that its not just people from mexico coming here illegally... so why not build a wall all around the god damn USA... #Dome #FREEdom (5 likes and ill start in the bay area of CA.) ps. im fucken joking. 
Not only should there be a wall. It should be electrified and guarded by snipers. Keep those terrorist, drug lord, and human traffickers away
I think the wall would be a huge waste of money. I agree something needs to be done about about all the illegal immigration, but a wall won't stop anyone. I know if I walked all the way from Central America to the Texas boarder, I'm not turning back because of a wall! We need a different strategy.
Pfft...he wants to be the governor on new mexico? He's perfect because he's an idiot.
Dude that guy's talking straight year 2060 technology 
AUSTIN, TEXAS IS PRODUCING EXTREME FANATICAL, LIBERAL IDIOTS THANKS TO THE UNIVERSITY OF TEXAS, SCHOOL OF LIBERAL ARTS!!  MAKING FEMINIST MEN!!!  LOST ITS PRESTIGE!!  SEND YOUR KIDS TO A TRADE SCHOOL!!
This video opened my eyes to something that I never realized. I think these people who don't want a wall are uneducated/unintelligent. They think the wall means no one in or out, like they think an Armalite Rifle is full auto. That kid's idea was basically let's make Jetsons technology and then go straight up authoritarian and surveil them. If Trump said what he did the left would say you want to tattoo them like the Jews Hitler-man!!! We need to stop listening to the ideas of politically braindead idiots. We don't do what 3 year olds tell us to why should we listen to generation tide pod?
Hi Steven!  Hopefully my argument will have you consider, not necessarily a change, but the efficacy of the wall.  The wall itself is a physical construct that will waste resources that can be used elsewhere.  I would say instead of looking at the problem as to how do we stop the flow of illegal immigration from Mexico to the US, or rather illegal immigration via Mexico into the United States; the questions we should ask are: #1 Why are people willing to leave this place (Mexico, or where ever they are originally from) to go to that place (the US)?  #2 Why isn't their illegal immigration problem going the other direction or rather a diaspora/exodus from the US to Mexico (or anywhere else on the planet)?  If you look at Mexico, it should be a prosperous and safe country.  They have a representative democracy similar to the US, so at the very least it is not a tyrannical, totalitarian or communist regime.  It has a diverse landscape and dynamic natural resources like the United States, in other words they aren't a 1 trick pony like say Kuwait.  The reality is that even with all these natural and political resources, Mexico is a dangerous and corrupt country.  Instead of the wall, if we were able to work with Mexicans on improving those 2 problem areas, Mexico could become safer and less corrupt country, which should result in a more desirable place to eek out an existence.  If that happens, the wall would be rendered as useless as the German Wall.  To simplify things, the US is rich; Mexico is Poor.  The US is not too corrupt, Mexico is a cesspool of corruption.  The US is safer than Mexico.  Everything needs to reach an equilibrium, including rich vs poor; safe vs unsafe; rampant corruption vs not as corrupt  While a wall MAY reduce that force of equilibrium, it's not going to solve it.  Drugs and human trafficking are far too alluring a score to complete in the US and the cartels that operate them have far too many resources to be stopped by a stupid wall.  As long as their is money to be made, they are going to find away in.  It may take longer, they have to go over, they may have to go under, they may have to go around, but, in the end, they are going to find a way in!  Our best course of action, give them (notice my use of non binary gender pronouns - aren't you proud of me?)  a reason not to leave.
The second guy sounds like an idiot
You should do a video on the death penalty I'd like to hear your views on it. if our opinions differ, i could possibly have my opinion changed.
do an episode on the death penalty
Jezzzz Louise that was hilarious .... Cudos Steven for keeping a straight face
i dont agree with this whts the point in building a wall
Govrnment regulation is bad for citizens, change my mind.
The guy in the white shirt wants Gattaca to become reality.
Scary.
Lets give the government more power.
Idiot.
"Research shows that people are afraid of immigrants because they think immigrants are a threat to their safety and engage in many violent and property crimes. However, quantitative research has consistently shown that being foreign born is negatively associated with crime overall and is not significantly associated with committing either violent or property crime. If an undocumented immigrant is arrested for a criminal offense, it tends to be for a misdemeanor. " -Criminology website from University of Oxford.

Dear god I hope as many people can see this as possible
Bro that statistic that undocumented people commit 37% of all american homicides, Im sorry but thats just completely fucking bullshit  undocumented migrants or immigrants in general have been proved by statistics to be the demographic in the country to commit the least amount of crime. 37%, im sorry but that is just horribly and laughingly wrong lol. You can have whatever stance you want on illegal immigration but to say they commit 37% of all homicides is America is just stupendously wrong. All the hispanic gangbangers, you know all the cholos who shoot and kill people are all hispanic Americans. They commit a lot of homicide. If Over 50% of homicides are done by blacks, than to your understanding 37% of all homicides are done by undocumented migrants? So what that just means 13% of homicides are done by all whites, all immigrants, all latinos, all Native Americans, and all Asians? like what? Somehow a fruit picker commits 37% of all homicide while all the cholo hispanic gang organizations in America (which are overwhelmingly Americans who are Latino) commit virtually no homicides? Think about it, all those hispanic delinquents in California, texas, New Mexico who shoot and kill are all Mexican Americans. sorry but again that statistic just sounds incredibly retarded when you look at the population of these people and this and that and just logic in general.
That second guy is a moron! Also, he claims to be pure Spanish decent from Spain but looks 100% wild Mexican! 
he was basically talking about world citizenship with rfid geotagging capabilities.
I personally think the wall is fucking retarded sorry for the language but it honestly is.. were wasting billions of dollars of American money for one big retarded wall, all for what? To keep immigrants out? I hope people realize this isnt 1987 people crossing the border is incredibly old fashioned. 9/10 of new undocumented immigrants become undocumented via overstayed visas.. theres also the issue with interfering with native Americans with their land in the border, people who own private land in the border, all types of shit. The statistics dont lie Obama went hard on border crossing. And the majority of new undocumented migrants arent even Mexican.. a big mix from everyone in the world.. you honestly have to be clinically retarded to think building a wall is a good idea.
Leroy Trehill the next New Mexico Governor. We need digital passcodes,  x-ray walls and written consent for the 21st Century open borders society ruled by The Masterminds.  Vote now!  Lol.
Heres the logic of the wall: People are crossing the border illegally. We do not want people to cross the border illegally. People cannot walk through walls. A wall would prevent many people from crossing the border illegally. It is impossible to stop all crime. It is possible to prevent some crime by making it more difficult to commit those crimes. Building a wall will discourage some if not most illegal immigrants from attempting to illegally cross the border.
If you think about it, the illegal Mexican immigrants want to escape from Mexico because it's a shithole, so chances are, they are decent people. Rather than build a wall. Why not deport (or just shoot) all the Mexican-American criminals and replace them with illegal Mexican immigrants?
This one was painful to listen to... my goodness
Borderless teleportation in 5-10 years! Who's ready for it!?
Build a wall out of illegal immigrants
I got a fucking headache when he spoke to that guyA.
This is the guy consuming the drugs from the south.

Hahaha x-rays
Building a wall is a waste of money and time . Feels like United States wants to build the Berlin Wall history repeats itself doesn't it.
Yes, lets build an expensive wall to stop the minority of immigrants coming illegally through the border. The wall itself isnt going to be stopping a whole lot of immigrants coming illegally because the majority of them come here legally and overstay their visas. We should focus that money more on catching the immigrants already here because as stated earlier, most come in legally but live here illegally.
Not gay Jared looking like a snack in the corner ( no homo)
What in the actual fuck is the dude in the white talking about?  X-Ray Border? What is this Star Trek?
I just realized that he looks like Tobuscus
Adam ruins Everything had an episode explaining against the wall and why it is so useless
That one dude that brought the camera is definitely on smack
A wall is a waste of money and wont stop cartels from getting their drugs into the USA lol and illegal immigrants will still come in, most over stay their visas.
Ladies and gentlemen, the next governor of New Mexico... brought to you by 3 years of -developed- undeveloped thoughts.
Fucking idiocracy in real life. God damn.
The wall is dumb, Much Smarter to take over Mexico, Canada and South America....
Where is the evidence that illegal immigrants commit 37% of homicides?
That face at the end lmfao
The guy from New Mexico saying he is Spanish and not Mexican because his family has been in New Mexico since the 1550s. LOL What country does this guy think his family was in prior to the 1840s? And does he tell spanish people he is spanish? Oh yea, my family is from spain, we left in like 1550. hahaha
What a moron.
We need a border to keep him out
Whether you share the same believes as this guy or not its amazing how he puts himself out there to have his opinion challenged
How does 3% of the population(illegal immigrants) do 37% of the murders?!? Thats ridiculous!
How does 3% of the population(illegal immigrants) do 37% of the murders?!? Thats ridiculous!
If Obama built the wall, everyone would be for it.
The  second person in the white shirt was on drugs or something
Made it to 13:44 before I couldnt take the stoners explanation anymore... I feel accomplished 
I love Crowder but that last guy was so stupid and painful to watch I had to stop
wtf is this guy saying!!! How do we give em elcetronic chips even though they wont check in themselves, lost 10 iq thanks.
Hearing this dude freethink through his theoretical border tech is super awkward. You should give him a box of crayons. Let him draw pictures explaining his thought process. It might be more accurate.
Bring up one example from history where a wall has worked?
Mexicos gonna pay for it all...... oh wait shit
Omg people are so dumb.... a x-ray wall... seriously?
Really disappointed that no one could state a valid argument against the wall. I lean conservative on immigration matters and I can think of many of reasons/problems with the proposed wall.
Steven Crowder please redo this topic over in a college and not in a street corner.  This guy is an idiot.  He mentioned drugs a lot.  He does not speak for all of us.  His family has been in New Mexico 220 years before it was even a state-lol.    X-ray border-lol.  Teleportation-lol.   Master minds-lol.  The first lady (bless her heart) tried and had a better idea.  She just didn't speak enough english to get her point across.  When she said she was all for "illegal immigration" I know she meant "legal immigration".
About to go to Cancun to get some bitches
Immigration reform needs to happen in this country, but neither parties are being constructive towards this.
Ladies and Gentlemen, the next governor of New Mexico
The wall is meant to keep you in not them when this Ponzi scheme called the us government collapses I'll say told you so retards
Lets address Americas real problem. People need to stop doing drugs and help to get rid of their addictions. If there is no consumer base, there is no drug trade. Abuse of prescription drugs is also really hurting our country. Smarter, cleaner, and healthier citizens wont fall to the machine of drug trade. America especially needs to step up its game to have real rehabs that monitor peoples addiction and help them kick the habit. People really are struggling in these times where everyone is angry, illegal acts are ballooned on the news, stress is ramping ip by internal struggles, and no proper discourse is occurring between the two parties.
Wth was leeroy talking about? 
I had to play this back four times. You said undocumented immigrants (3.5%) are committing 37% of all homicides (and the murders?) in the US. On top of that you throw out they are responsible for 13% of violent crimes? You are not just an idiot, you are a moron and a brainwashed propaganda machine. Where do you get this shit from? Do you even hear yourself?
I don't understand how a wall would stop anyone.
I hope everything turned out okay for that lady in the beginning. It's truly horrifying to see people who work hard and honestly to be pushed into a position of fear like that by the less honest.
A wall...any other ideas? Or is that it? Ladders and shovels. Airplanes. Boats. If we actually thought about the problem and discussed solutions honestly we might get somewhere. The reason we don't discuss the best solution is because the top breadwinners like having immigrants around to lower wages. It's all a show, which you are probably aware of, but you can't help but pander to your shit for brains audience to make a profit.

Interesting that you always show the people who can't articulate the points that decimate your argument, which functionally makes these videos propaganda. 

Why ask people to change your mind? Why not just have a sign that says 'come disagree with me so I can flex my ego at you'
What's wrong with the comments?
I was so impressed by how professionally you handled that x ray border guest 
I just want to know how a really expensive wall is going to solve the immigration issue. Sit down with Adam (Ruins Everything) and talk about the wall, that video would easily hit 10mil views
building a wall would be massively expensive to build, maintain  and man...tax dollars that could we well spent on something else... all someone has to do is get visa, get a plane ticket and fly over and never leave....that expensive wall is now useless.
Wow I plan on becoming the governor of New Mexico LOL
Wish you did this near me, would love to talk to you on this. I am for tighter immigration but feel the wall is the wrong solution.
this spanish dude is an idiot.   wow
Just so all you people know New Mexico is a state in the U.S. and no its not part of Mexico. It has been a state since 1912. The guy in the white shirt politics are complete shit, but he is right about having Spanish blood. He is what you call a mestizo which is a term traditionally used in Spain, that originally referred a person of combined European and Native American descent, regardless of where the person was born. Northern New Mexicans are a hyrbid mix of Spanish, Puebloan, and Navajos. The Hispanics in Northern New Mexico are not Mexicans, history and DNA even proves it. Research about the history of New Mexico and look up the Crypto Jews of New Mexico that came from Spain during the Spanish Inquisition and settled all over present day New Mexico. During those times there were literally thousands of them. The Spaniards who colonized Northern New Mexico intermarried with Pueblo and Navajo Indians which is why he has that skin color. Santa Fe, New Mexico was for generations the northernmost seat of rule for "Nueva Espaa" -- which translate to the New Kingdom of Spain. He is right about him having Spanish blood, is he full blooded Spanish? No, he is part. How do I know all this because I was born and raised in New Mexico and me and my family are mestizo ourselves. We are the Hispanos of Nuevo Mexico. Also I even took a coarse in college on the history of New Mexico at UNM so I have a great deal of knowing what I'm talking about on this subject. Here so you non-New Mexicans can get some education on my state and my people.

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Puebloans
"Pueblo communities are located in the present-day states of New Mexico, Arizona, and Texas, mostly along the Rio Grande and Colorado rivers and their tributaries"

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/New_Mexican_Spanish
"is a variant of Spanish spoken in the United States, primarily in the northern part of the state of New Mexico and the southern part of the state of Colorado by the Hispanos of New Mexico".

"Speakers of New Mexican Spanish are mainly descendants of Spanish colonists who arrived in New Mexico in the sixteenth through the eighteenth centuries".

"In the meantime, some Spanish colonists coexisted with and intermarried with Puebloan peoples and Navajos."

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hispanos_of_New_Mexico
"For most of its modern history, New Mexico existed on the periphery of the Spanish empire from 1598 until 1821".

"Due to the Comanche, contact with the rest of Spanish America was limited, and New Mexican Spanish developed closer trading links with the Comanche than the rest of New Spain. In the meantime, some Spanish colonists coexisted with and intermarried with Puebloan peoples and Navajos, enemies of the Comanche. New Mexicans of all ethnicities were commonly enslaved by the Comanche and Apache of Apacheria, while Native New Mexicans were commonly enslaved and adopted Spanish language and culture".

"In Spanish, the predominant term for this ethnic group has always been hispano, analogous to californio and tejano. In New Mexico, the Spanish-speaking population (of colonial descent) was always proportionally greater than those of California and Texas. The term is commonly used to differentiate those who settled the area early, around 1598 to 1848. It can also refer to anyone of "Spanish or Indo-Hispanic descent native to the American Southwest."

https://www.amazon.com/Pueblo-Nations-Centuries-Indian-History/dp/0940666073
One of the books we read when I was in college. Which shows the interaction between the Puebloans and the Spanish conquest in New Mexico.
The wall wouldn't do anything. It's ultimately pointless outside of being symbolic, as if to say "stay out of our country". Illegal immigrants will find ways in regardless. It would cost BILLIONS of dollars and your immigration problems will continue. Walls don't work in 2018.
I would have to agree with last guest that big pharma is the main drug problem. However the xray idea is a little out there, would be expensive and possible  health effects. We already feeling the pains from wifi. But if you think about it, would it still be a wall? Just an invisible one made by frequency?
But the wall can cause economic problems man... Oh well I guess.
Build The Xray Wall
-----------------------------------
   Change my mind
i think the xray border is an amazing idea LOL
the woman at 1:13 why blur her face but not her card that she hanging arround her neck ?
I love the last interview. Both of them were very respectful and civil. I have to admit I didn't understand Mr. Leroys plan that well. Hopefully he can work on the details.
That dude is right boarders will be a thing of the past as the One World Government is implemented ... everything that is happening now are all incremental steps towards this inevitable future
This guy from New Mexico, Governor? Have mercy! But I'm sure he's a perfect candidate for the Liberals/Democrats.
"I'm not-UH Mexican though, I'm Spanish-UH. My family have been in-UH New Mexico since-UH the 1550's-UH"
DUMB AMERICANS! Build a wall around the whole US and dont let the crazy gun toting idiots out. Youre all fucked up in the head.
I don't mind illegal immigrants but I understand the desire to tighten the borders. However I think the wall will be way too expensive and Mexicans can just fly to Canada without a visa and sneak through that border so you'd really have to make two walls. Just make it easier for Mexican citizens to come to the US legally but maybe increase the punishment if they get caught to please both sides.
Well first of Vox is useless and only there to push the lefts agenda.
Mr. Crowder: while the intent of the wall is to stop people, what about the animals that have no recognition of imaginary lines that countries recognize as borders?   I support border enforcement, but not in the form of a wall.  The ecological implications are not being properly considered.
Ever wonder why all the white people/liberals get offended over conservative racism meanwhile the ones we are being racist towards dont find it racist?
He said how do they get checked if there is no wall, but if you've ever driven to Mexico you know that there is a fence and you do get checked when crossing the border, why is he talking as if there's nothing at the border
Building a wall doesnt seem like a reasonable solution to the problem, most Mexicans come into the country legaly, and simply overstay their welcome, not trying to get visa or citizinship.
I really wish I could of sat down with you on this topic ... I hope one day lol
I love how Leroy walks off the set like a conquering hero lmao
Im not Mexican 
Sounds like a Taco Bender to me.
let's do it! lets make a XRAY gate!!
I'm sorry, I just can't get over how white that criminal was in that vox video.
That last dude made no sense
The guy doesn't understand that by making all illegal immigrants legal citizens will not increase the economy, rather decrease.  Once they are legal they have a right to Welfare and other social benefits.
I'd love to hear a debate on veganism
It could be a x-ray scanner-ah....you know, when you walk through it-ah...your number goes through like a database-ah.........yeah....well get right on that.  Why dont you scribble a schematic of the plans in crayon and send it to Mr. President Trump.
I'm sorry. But you have no point that supports building a wall... The thing should be called: 'better border control to control who comes in the country | change my mind'.
Your for that not for the wall. No point you brought up supports the wall.
If you are combined with the points you did bring up about border control. You're saying that there's no decent control anywhere in the world. (Cause I don't see no wall around no country for that purpose.). So ehmm. What???
Stevens face at the end made me think of Jim Halpert and I'm living for it...
Wow that Spanish guy sounds incredibly stupid.
I hat how you never actually hear an intellectual debating. You never hear solid points from the randos. I may be wrong but can anyone point me to a video that actually has a good back and forth?
I almost turned it off after the second guy opened his mouth... whoa boy...
The majority of the human population is incredibly stupid...
Honestly how did Steven not laugh nonstop cause I wouldnt have been able to keep it together
They already tax people coming in legally. Applying for a visa, work permit and green card are not free. It costs money. So his argument is moot.
That guy was batshit crazy. Xray devices? Come on man have a real solution. An engineer to do your work? Pathetic. Seems like a good guy at heart but my goodness that was pathetic. Best of luck on your run for governor
The dude from Spain is kinda an idiot. Thats a little overboard to say but he doesnt know what hes talking about or realize the statistics that represent the crime and problems with immigration. You handled that very respectfully and confidently.
The governor of NM?? 
liberals. the most complex mind fuck of human history.
Thanks for another great video.
Build that wall tall and long.... And let's not forget deep as fuck too!!!  You know how rats like to tunnel
A few mastermind individuals....????
Hey I just smoked meth before I came on but MASTERMINDS!!!!
That motherfucker in the white from New Mexico is such a fucking idiot bro that nigga said Im Spanish!!!! Bitch your Mexican hes a dumbass
People are misinformed. I appreciate what you are doing Crowder. Keep trying.
This is the guy that's gonna see the mark of the beast and be like "THAT SHITS MINE"
Really should've blurred her ID guys...
I think we need to strengthen ties with Mexico in an effort to help us both. Instead of keeping jobs to go there, we should encourage it. We will benefit from cheaper labor than here while simultaneously improving their economy and country so Mexicans have less of a drive to immigrate to the US. We partner with China so much, but they are an ocean away. Mexico is landlocked with us so having our goods produced by them and transported cheaper to us would benefit us both and help with the immigration problem. So remove fines or fees for exporting jobs if they are to Mexico.
A physical wall is a waste of money. It's not practical because of the terrain in certain areas along our border. The border itself is very long. And most importantly, immigrants and traffickers will always find a way in. A simple ladder or rope can get people over. The wall is 6 feet deep you say? They will dig 7 feet. Traffickers already employ methods of delivering drugs as simple and primitive as catapults and even air cannons like the ones they use in sporting events to launch shirts.
LEEEEROOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY
So the pro-immigrationguy wants everone to wear a dogtag? Man, the left truly are the totalitarians.
I think you are very respectful. I appreciate what you are trying to do. I would never be able to stay that calm.
This guys from New Mexico is an idiot. What's with the extra a's he puts on the end of every word. Futureaa drugsaa. The kids today absolutely butcher the English language. So bad they're having to use closed caption on people speaking English. What the fuck do they teach at schools anymore.
The border issue is not about drugs because as we all know the real weight arrives with approval from someone with power. They come in by plane, with clearance. I believe this issue is solely about the demographic changing in the United States which is not comforting to the White American. I don't blame them but its a little too late.
Omg, I had to stop 2 minutes into the second guy... he has no clue what he is talking about. You can tell he doesnt know any real information about anything remotely related to the wall and is clearly pulling shit out of his ass!
Steven as someone who is also a conservative I agree with you on most things, but the wall is a massive waste of money considering the majority of illegal Mexican immigrants just fly here on work visas and stay. Not to mention the massive cost, and the mountain ranges, and all the other things such as geological figures that would be either impossible to cut through or cost an even more absurd amount of money than it would already cost.
X-ray, freeflow and written hall passes...lol
People that are against legal immigration and the Wall, take all your locks off your doors. Let me know how that goes for you.
The wall is a bad idea because it costs taxpayers more than it rewards them. That is why we have different border control methods, like officers, helicopters, cars, detectors, etc. If you waste billions on a wall, it will be harder to cross the border, however it will still be crossed. He makes the mistake of equating border control and the wall. There are definitely more effective technologies for securing the border. Which would be harder for you, getting over / under a wall, or escaping a helicopter or jeep? Secondly, the issue is not to secure our borders, it's to figure out why people want to come here, and to resolve the issue. Criminals come to earn money off drugs, so we need to do better about reducing drug demand in the US. As long as there is strong demand, criminals will meet the supply. As for the illegal immigrants who come for a better life and opportunity, they deserve a faster, easier process to a green card. It takes years waiting for a visa, which is rediculous if you're on the run from a gang or going hungry without a job. Do you think illegal immigrants enjoy crossing the border? They do it out of desperation. They deserve to have an easy process for legality, so they can come and work. Unemployment is at record lows and companies are struggling to find honest workers. Workers are the backbone of the economy. The fundamental difference between Republicans and Democrats on this issue, is that Republicans want to keep Mexicans out and Democrats want to bring them in. Framing them as criminals or Innocents, and all the other arguments are just used to support one or the other side. I want to let them in because I believe they do more good than harm to us, and as a human I don't want to be complicit in another Human's suffering.
BUILD THE WALL.
Chinas wall is fucking MASSIVE lmao
China built a wall.... like a HUGE wall a HUUUUUUUUUUUGE wall
Whys no one protest that?
"scientifical" 
Dude's straight outta Minority Report...  10:27  :D
I feel it would be easier for people to actually study and take a step back and realize the level of unintelligence that they side with. Self reflection  is a beautiful thing as well as self insight. I'm no genius nor do I claim to be. I dont know but common sense has been long gone from the American people since before I was born in my opinion.
Yeah, build the wall...we'll pay it with credit cards. I'm pretty sure the "Native Americans" would of have liked to have built that wall.
Fucks sake just detonate small nukes along the border so it's too eradicated to pass through
Why is the bad opinion always Stevens opinion? It's so sad that he just feeds the hate
Why didnt I think of using a scientifical ray?
There are actually so many problems with building the wall: 1. Phycological image to future generations of a massive walls will only increase fear and discrimination 2. People who own land across the border dont want a wall in their property so you cant really build around them :/ nor build it without permission 3. Massive cost 4. Prone to fail as it would have many ways to enter because of its massive size 5. Drug dealers will only increase the price of drugs because transporting it will be more expensive since lets face it Americans wont stop consuming drugs 6. It blocks tons of migration patterns of animals across the border 7. Illegal people are still going to want to cross like the Berlin Wall and people will die trying to cross like they did in Germany 8. Its not really solving the Issue at root its just putting duck tape to a sinking ship you can hope with all your heart that it will be better but it will eventually break 9. Massive outrage from people 10. Looks bad internationally in a world where we are supposed to be interconnected and not building more barriers
that guy just describe a new world order and electric scanner lol creepy
This guy may have autism
WERE ALL IMIGRANTS
@Steven
looks like you're in Austin, go to San Antonio and see what the turn out is.
I think this is a little bit misleading. Because when you say "The Wall", people just assume the giant billion dollar Trump wall, rather than securing the border through other means.
That guy's spanish?? well i guess everyone can be anything right now
Donald Trump is Doing a Great Job   |   Change My Mind
Were all thinking in 2018, but the last guy is thinking in 3018
X ray wall would be great.... No more illegal immigrant offspring
Mexico haves a wall on it's southern border and it works quite well.  Although Mexico allows other illegala to pass through Mexcio they don't allow them to stay in Mexico if they choose to. They force them to move on to America or be deported back down south.
i cant wait for more change my mind episodes!
I'm with the guy proposing a scientifical ray border.
Walls dont work .. Great wall of china didnt accomplish shit
"I'd have to sit down with a few masterminds"

What? This boi trying to be a supervillain.
The second Dude was talking too much mindless BS.
I wish you would have a conversation with a competent person about this topic. This guy obviously doesn't sound like he knows wtf is going on lol.
Bowser did nothing wrong,  change my mind.
Over 60% of the people who come here do so by plane this man is trippin.
This guy one day plans on being the governor of New Mexico??? WTF?!?!
A wall of X-rays is literally the same concept as the wall. Just because there is no physical wall means nothing
the last dude gave me confusion
This is it folks. This is the type of voter Democrats drool over. Inarticulate, uninformed, and plainly blind to reality. This is what they want. God help us.
Please re-do this segment but without mildly retarded people sitting down talking to you.
It's hilarious to hear this guy from Mexico pitch his proposal about wanting to have some sort of airport security-like xray scanner but not having a wall.. I'm like "bitch, do u think these drug cartel guys and criminals would even bother to go there just to get identified for their crimes and get taxed? Aint nobody got time for that." and he dares to run for governor in his country with that type of logic?  Wow.
That look! 13:17
Trump did say illegal immigrants are bringing in drugs, crime and essentially trouble to America.

Whether true or not (if they bring drugs etc), Trump did say this and its very easily verifiable
So embarrassed to admit Im from New Mexico right now...
That second person being interviewed sounds like a typical Chicano to me. Dumbass.
the arguments i hear most about the wall are "trump is racist" and "he's wasting out tax dollars building a wall" both stupid excuses usually from people who are only against the wall because THEY have a deep abiding hatred of trump and anything they takes money away from subsidizing their pet special interest group.
I oppose the wall on grounds that it is a waste of money to build a physical wall, when the vast majority of illegal immigrants entered the country legally, and just overstayed their visit, never returning home.  I don't believe it will be effective at its primary job, and I think the money would be far better spent on other things(perhaps even immigration related).  Though, I think a crackdown of illegal immigration has to come not from border security, but reforms business laws that severely punish employers that hire non citizens without visas.
That dumbass in the white shirt says we should tax them and send them through a checkpoint but the point is they wont, the wall is what will force them through checkpoints
this guy describing an airport.
Well fuck, this guy is a future governor, show him some dam respect.
you bring up many valid points and i mean that from all your work not only in this vdo. and as much as i enjoy your vdo's, after watching this one, i think u've missed the bigger issue. in the usa idiots can vote :(
I can imagine the future governor of New Mexico's plan working, kind of, but it would still be better with a secure wall.

Ever watch the series "Fringe"?  Where [massive spoilers] there are two different dimensions of Earth that people can cross between?  In the alternate Earth, the Secretary of State, afraid of invasion from our Earth, implements a national ID  law which requires everyone to use their national ID card (called a "Show Me") for any sort of transaction.  Want to ride the bus?  Let me see your Show Me.  Want a pack of cigarrettes at 7-11?  Show Me.

I imagine it would be possible to do something similar using RF chip implants.  It wouldn't matter if people crossed the border away from point of entry, because once they attempted to have any sort of interaction with society it would be necessary for them to go to authorities to be issued a Show Me.  If implemented carefully, this could make it nigh impossible for black markets to circumvent the system because any goods coming in would need to be tracked by the government.

So, yeah, it could work.  If we're willing to give over all most of our civil rights to a frighteningly powerful police state.

What was that guy's name again?  I want to vote for anyone other than him.
Too many stupid fuckin people with dumb ass YouTube channels
Fuck your idiotic audience - your content is shite dude
Learn something about your world so you dont sound like an absolute moron 
Mexicans are so goddam stupid
Education isnt cool - their machismo Bullshit is more important
White kids shoot schools tho.
Majority of illegal immigrants came in legally but overstayed their visas.  A wall wouldn't stop that in fact making it easier to immigration and emigrate  would  help
Can you imagine the construction cost of a X-ray wall, the cost of labor for radiologists securing the wall, the cost of electric usage and the cost of maintenance lol? Now that would be an expensive wall!
So basically lets install X-ray machines instead of a wall to scan a code on a  person, and create a way to x Ray them without giving them testicular cancer
that guy is clearly on something...
He just needs to talk to someone smareter than him right now because he doesn't know the scientifical name
10:28 Simply funny
Crowder, my dude, I watch your videos because I agree with a lot of what you say. But statistics isn't going to change anyone's mind. It's beating a dead horse. It's best to just let the world eat itself and let the proof of the actions of the vocal minority eat themselves my dawg. Sit back, smoke a cig and just let them do what they think is best and watch it burn.
I aprciate your views although I dont tend to side with you. It is awesome how you really try to bring people to the table and argue their point of view . The only way for us to move forward as a country is to come together and sit at the table just like this and say things out loud to each other in order to find middle ground. Democracy wasnt built by screaming at the other side who disagrees with you. It was made by having the conversation and trying to work through it together as a nation. 
I dont always agree with you but as I stated before I appreciate your views and topics discussed .
Free thought: let's master mind an invisible check point powered by the flux-uh capacitor-uh
Crowder's face at the end....hahaha
Cocaine is a powerful drug...
He should do a change my mind session of earth is round or more proper: oblate spheroid, change my mind
"Build the wall with your ass!" LOL
the second person to get interviewed wants to be the governor of new mexico. oh goodness.
In my opinion, they should not build the wall physically but spend more money on patrol, where if we want to enter they have to search us and do background checks to make sure they dont have a criminal record or any type of drugs on them.
the spanish dude was for sure on Cocaine!!!!
The Spanish man really kept digging a hole for himself he was talking out his ass what's all this tech he is talking about.
omfl that ending
Bro this isnt fair the guy with the white shirt makes the argument look like an idiot. Im for the wall plain and simple, but you need to give an educated person a shot at a sit down with you
My family's been in New Mexico since 1515. And I am like is this guy serious
Omg I tried. but when this dude used one lady saying she knows a couple of criminals to excuse the widespread fear migrants have of contacting police when a crime is committed against them. Shameful.
I died when he brought up x-rays.
That guy is quite special....and he want to be governor of New Mexico.  It's hard to imagine that he's that ignorant AND that nobody has set him straight.
That "Spanish" guy was plain retarded. Unbearable to listen to
It makes sense to give people a path towards citizenship by a line must be drawn somewhere. Dude, if there was no border along the Rio Grande, all of Mexico would be living in America by now, Same goes for Canada and their VISA's with the Ukrainians. If the law isn't respected, all of Ukraine would be living in Alberta by now. Law must be respected. Sorry folks. That's  just how it is. You cant "Just Tax them"; living standard would go down every month as more and more migrants poor in due to the new opportunity in the laxed law. It has nothing to do with racsism or how American's don't value how industrious Mexicans are or how good their work ethic is. Theirs just not enough crumbs of bread to go around for those who decided cutt in front of the line. You want in? Study hard like I did, get a PR application, and get in line! Your not the only one. Opportunity is equal and fair for those who respect the system, not cheat it.
I wish us agriculturealists had a man like Crowder to explain how Agriculture works
what. the. fuck.
Crowder blocked me.....
....
.........  
"Im thinking of neimg the governor of New Mexico, so."
Kid"ll be lucky to see 30 with his fat-neck lookin'ass.
I disagree with building a wall because I think it would cost too much money. Also where would we get the money? I do think that illegal immigration is a problem and we should find a solution.
X-Ray Wall...........ROTFL
Id love to to the talk, even If I dont speak english perfectly
So that guy doesnt want a border but wants an X-ray border?  Um, what?!?!
Low hanging fruit.
Wait, do Sanctuary cities protect illegal immigrants even when theyre actively participating in illegal actions like money laundering? Why would being in a sanctuary city keep her from reporting a money laundering ring? Isnt that the point of sanctuary cities, that she can safely report them without fear of being deported?
I find it incredible that people think we should have open our borders. It's bad enough that people don't like coming here legally. The dumbest thing I hear constantly is "America is rich. We have enough food and money for everyone." Guys, health care isn't free, college isn't free, the cost of living has gone up, some people need two jobs to manage, food portions are decreasing, and eventually everything people ran from to come here will catch up to them. Many people might think it's a bright idea now because of the whole hippie mentality being a "cool" thing, but wait until things start to get harder for your kids and great grand kids. If you think things are tough now for many of you refusing to have kids until your 30's because of debt or other financial issues, just wait. Illegals don't give a rats ass about our laws or our system. Funny how some fools actually fight for them.
OMG Deport this Guy!
I feel like you shouldn't even show this guy. That could barely be considered a conversation. Props to you Steven for listening to this guy who would be outsmarted by most 10 year olds.
I dont support the wall. What we need is to conquer Mexico and make it another state of the US. Ha!
Interdimensional pedophile projecting images of the moon tier ideas going on right her bruh
What the fuck is this guy smoking?
x R a Y s are the wey
"Build The Wall!!!" Says Canadian Immigrant
Sounds like a pretty acoustic idea
Think of the Migrating animals!Bundy got shit for the Tortoise and some AH wants a fuckig wall.Hmmm,,,,,,So that is a disgrace  for use to fuck over more animals,We fucking people up all over the world.Get the GD CIA the fuck out of S.A>!!!!!!!!
I agree with your stance on guns but building an actual "wall" is fucking crazy. We don't need to build one right now and I don't think the problem is ever going to be bad enough to build a physical object that divides nations.

How about we work on ways to minimize the impact illegal immigrants have on the country without just straight up building a fucking wall, I'm sorry but come on man think a little bit. 

Thats why people are upset at you. If you can't minimize the impact of illegal immigrants then unless we are at war with them, we shouldn't build a wall or do anything at all about it, I'm sorry but I think you might be a little biased in this instance.
Ese tarado quiere ser gobernador? Dios.
I think you should have made it more clear to him that the wall is being built not to prevent immigration. But to prevent undocumented individuals from simply walking in and out as they please and being able to commit crimes and not pay taxes. Sounds like your not against a "path to citizenship" you just want the government to be able to easily track who goes in and out.
Fucking globalists, this guy in white lives in an utopia
Must have IQ of 90 to vote. The democrats would be done for sure.
Holy Hell, the more of these I watch, I just want to sit and smash my head on a wall. So many people just clueless.
I think I lost brain cells listening to the gentleman in the white shirt.
X-ray border? WTF? Dude is high. RFID chips with GPS is whats coming. Maybe, were all so hooked on our phones, they can track us at will already. Maybe just give people free iPhones at the border, make em sign a contract and pay their phone bill to keep service.  Make them slaves to luxury like us Democrats (Liberals) are pushing for a Global Community but you can bet the rich and powerful will still live in gated communities with security or patrolled mansions.
Yeah we're just gonna slap an x-ray checkpoint in the middle of the nonexistent border and we're gonna expect people to come wait and stand in line instead of and I know this might be a shock that someone would ever do something so inconceivably dastardly walking around.
If that guy is going to be the Governor of New Mexico pray for New Mexico
i really appreciate his respect for everyones argument even if it sounds crazy, he takes the time to try and understand it rather than just labelling it as dumb
Hey guy with the "pre-thought" about immigration....you are a very low information human... Please come back when you actually wake up and have a valid and calculated brain fire...
The spanish guy isn't just talking about open borders he is talking about the NAU (north american union) which would be like the EU. Travel between the member nations wouldn't be undocumented but you would be freely able to travel between each member nation.
Mexican guy is on drugs
Did he say his family has been in New Mexico since the 1550s???
Ummm, he mustve failed American History. 
And if he was born here - why the accent?
Lets have a wall with a minefield, a big fucking minefield.
Leroy for governor  x-ray borders  
And just wright a note
You know this guy is an idiot when you're high af and you can't stop laughing at how out of touch he is XD
How the hell do you not even crack a smile during x-ray border barf?
Build the wall and deport ALL ILLEGALS.
We should make the space force happen. 
change my mind.
Most of the persons seems to talk just what they saw in the news or a bad tv show... instead of read more on the issue and at least have some backgrounds to expose their ideas...
  Now, regarding the Wall, US can do what they decides to do in their territory... the Wall itself already exists and was put there by.. yes, you got it.. Bill Clinton... If I were an US tax payer, I would say, don't waste money in the Wall, immigrants will cross the border no matter what... You want a better/more secure border? The better are their neighbors the more secure will be your border, help them to improve their situation (I know, I know, some may say, "but it is not our country/responsibility" , but guess what all we live in the same Planet, no escape of it, for now...)
wow. please find some intelligent people to talk with
That second guy was an idiot who kept contradicting himself. Yea we are going to have digital tags on people that scan them as they hike across the dessert
Lol wtf x-ray boarder
"...I think borders, in general, are gonna become a thing of the past...".

Soooo, this guy goes home, to a house, apartment, student housing, whatever, and there are NO WALLS, NO DOORS, NO PROTECTION of any kind, right? If he drives a vehicle, do you think he's removed the doors and leaves the key with the vehicle so that anyone can come and go, unrestricted, to use his vehicle, in exchange for paying taxes? 

No, of course not. He's applying Race as his qualifier and removing logical thought from the process which deems him a RACIST.
Why build a few million dollar wall, when you can build a few trillion dollar giant x-ray across the border, with enough power to give the Chinese cancer from the other side of the planet! So stupid, it just might work! I'm voting for that guy!
Some of these guys have good intentions but they are very nave. If thats the case all South America will be here.
"What surprised you most with this Change My Mind? And what arguments do you most often hear against the wall?"
I cannot reply to your post for some reason, but here is my reply:
What surprised me the most is that there were not many who came to sit down and talk, like with other ones.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAA!!!!! (Im 3:24 mins into this video.)

(Around @10:08:) Is he a special kind of stoopid? LOL!
How do you do that without a secure border? Um i don't know.......
Lmao tax them? Make them citizens?  building a wall isnt going to stop illegal immigration. Will it slow it down? Maybe. The more you stop people from doing something the more ways they are going to find to do those things. 
The real question is: can we really change the Mexican government and the lifestyle there so people dont feel like they need to leave their country for a better future?
I didn't make it through the final edits :-(
That dude need to lay off the meth (or other speed).
X-ray guy is the type of guy to believe the flat earth theory. #wokeaf
"so you mean like a checkpoint, at a border?"
'nah man like an xray or something'
"so like an xray border?"
'yeah man like an xray gate with a database. I been thinkin' alot about this for three years'
Im Native American and I say Fuck your wall !! Woot woot 
How do i face palm harder without hurting my face?
white shirt guy said he wants to become a governor............................ oh lord
Are we talking about science fiction?
LMAOOOO how did you keep a straight face
Do another one of this video
So the guy in white thinks we should do the same thing as the nazis with barcodes. And the republicans are the nazis for wanting a wall.
Wow. The level of utter stupidity the LeRoy just displayed is sickening. It is sad to see a man in his 20s with the mental capacity of a 9 year old.
We tore walls down in the 80's. Now we want to erect new barriers? It will be a sad day for the world if this passes...
Where's the source of the crimes immigrants commit 37% of it? Serious question
This guy is a idiot
How you got the patience to listen to this? X-ray border?..
Advocates of ILLEGAL immigration are all over the media stoking the fires that separate good American from good American.  These predators love to create discord, distrust and fear among people that would otherwise have good will towards each other. Americans are not supposed to be disunited on certain issues.  Without the ONE LAW for ALL principle we can never hope to create in this nation the peaceful family of love and good will that it ought to house.  No one is expecting illegal criminals to go through anything that American criminals don't experience daily.  ANY criminal in this nation going to prison is separated from their children!  We are not asking the illegal entrants to do the unusual!  The argument goes that illegals entrants are only committing misdemeanors.  The reality is that each and every one of them costs the American taxpayer upwards of 36,000 annually.  THAT is no misdemeanor!  THAT is grand theft!  Americans must not be so foolish as to allow the guests who demonstrate no respect for our laws to further divide us against each another.

There is a reason that MOST ICE agents are Hispanic.  These courageous people know what it means to live with masses of amoral personalities that have little to no respect for a nation's laws.  These insightful Hispanic men and women are among the best Americans, trying to fight injustice and to protect our nation from devolving into yet another failed state which will be the unavoidable result if the numbers of amoral illegals are permitted to increase and to further corrode the unity of America's good people.
Way too short
You cannot be governor if you add an "a" on the end of words.
Where do you find those retards?
The wall needs to be built, whether virtual or real brick & mortar.  The people who don't support it, why don't you leave your doors unlocked when you go out. I'm sure  you would not mind people going into your house  without you there.  The drug problem is simple find the warehouse or lab and send in an A-10, that would take care of it.
Pineapple does not belong on pizza. Change my mind
Yo dude maybe post your sources. Otherwise you can trumpet straight bullshit like oh I don't know, illegal immigrants commit 37% of all crime in the US
Look up Secure Fence Act in 2006. Clinton and Obama voted in favor of it. A fence, a wall, what the fucks the difference. Its a god damn barrier. Fucking idiots.
I hope that woman is ok
We have to resurrect bran the builder to help us
Who left that man unattended? He just needs to link up with his mastermind friends to solve this problem, what a free thinker. Smh
Hi Steven.  You always say that if us as viewers have an argument, we can always leave a comment.  Here is how I will try to change your mind:
I personally care very deeply about the social aspect of the issue of immigration.  However, I understand that this is not the case for many people so I will start by explaining why building a wall does not make sense economically.  The wall will cost about 20 billion dollars (I got this information from cbs but it is very well known).  Many of the illegal immigrants coming into this country actually come here legally on a plane and then overstay their visa.  In this case, the wall would be useless.  Instead, I think the money should be used to create a better and faster vetting process at the border.  We already have people stationed at the boarder.  Security could always be increases again with the $20 billion.  I do agree that we should know who is coming into the country.  However, there are many people coming here to simply provide for their families.  It should be easier for them to come into the country and seek sometimes seek refuge from gang violence and other abuse.  These people will help our economy and the vetting system will allow us to quickly send criminals away.  
Diving into the social aspect, PEOPLE ARE ALL PEOPLE, HUMANS ARE ALL HUMANS.  MY LIFE DOES NOT HOLD MORE VALUE THAN AN IMMIGRANT SIMPLY BECAUSE I WAS LUCKY ENOUGH TO BE BORN IN THE US.  Therefore, we need to have sympathy for people who are just coming here so they can survive.  Furthermore, the wall is a symbol of hatred and isolationism.  The US is a leader of the world.  We cannot be isolationists and nationalists.  We must bring people together and be accepting of those that need help and are different.  What will this wall say about our country to the rest of the world?  Lastly, everyone besides native americans and african americans (as they were forced to come here unwillingly) are immigrants.  We all just need to love each other!
Let's just send that guy from new Mexico back
A wall wont work. People will make tunnels or find ways over it. There are not enough people to monitor the whole wall. Also, there will be people who have compassion and go against the law and help them. The same thing happened in many wars. It will happen. Not everyone agrees on this. Its a humanitarian issue. I agree with a lot of things the NM guy mentioned. There is just no way a wall will work. People who are desperate will find a way over or under it. They are desperate and walk hundreds of miles. A wall wont stop them.
Ok, let's break it down:

The person's claim:
"When it comes to crime there's like.. maybe a small percentage that brings drugs"

Crowder then claims that Trump didn't say that. Finally he admits that Trump's quote was "worded poorly." Here's the quote:

"When Mexico sends its people, they're not sending their best. They're not sending you. They're not sending you. They're sending people that have lots of problems, and they're bringing those problems with us. They're bringing drugs. They're bringing crime. They're rapists. And some, I assume, are good people."

Next Crowder gives the guy statistics on immigrants, but admits that his statistics aren't of Mexican immigrants specifically. For this reason, they are largely irrelevant. We're talking about Mexican immigrants here so don't bring up statistics that involve non-Mexican immigrants.

Here's are the reasons the wall is a ridiculously stupid idea:
1. Undocumented immigration has been in decline for 10 years.
2. More unauthorized Mexican immigrants are returning to Mexico than coming into the U.S.
3. Mexicans make up only half of the undocumented immigrants. So the wall is an extremely expensive attempt at solving only half of a (declining) problem.
4. A vast majority of undocumented immigrants are here due to overstaying visas. The wall would only potentially stop the flow of a minority group of undocumented Mexican people come from. This means the wall would be an extremely expensive attempt at addressing a minority portion of only half of problem that is shrinking anyway.
5. If the undocumented immigrants are to be addressed, there are more effective, less costly, less politically divisive solutions (such as addressing overstayed visas). But this is should only be in discussion after a very thorough cost/benefit analysis.
The arrogance and selective memory of Americans will forever astonish me. Very quick to forget the massacre that took place where land was stolen from the Plain Indians - one of the biggest tragedies in human history and yet still have the audacity to suggest building a wall to stop more illegal immigrants from entering the territory. The arguments for building a wall is simply deluded and nonfactual.
Oh and next time, please interview someone well informed on the matter.
Why does he talk like that. Holy shit. Its like Mexican bill or Ted. Sorry, Spanish.
"tax illegal immigrants" so they are not obeying immigration law, why would they obey tax law?
the big problem is that ice can't deport all illegals, in many cases their hands are tied by subversive local politicians how depend on illegals voting to keep them in office which is why they fight deportation they fight mandatory voter id and they actively obstruct the enforcement of existing immigration law
ok, "they are still going to get in one way or another" is a stupid argument, your saying don't bother building a wall cause it is not 100% effectice, do you lock your door at night? why burglars can still get in one way or another do you use birth control? why you can still get pregnant using the oill, condoms etc
x-rays and sharks with lasers
sounds to me like she thinks the wall doesn't have gates
Sante Fe New Mexico? Well that pretty much sums up Spanish guy. Guy needs to put down the pipe. LOTS of drugs going on in that Capitol. Believe me when I state this fact. Spanish guy is right about one thing however, New Mexico is a sanctuary city and it absolutely houses thousands upon thousands of illegals. Head into Albuquerque's SE districts. You'll forget you're living in the United States and think you're living in Mexico.
+StevenCrowder I need the links at 7:00 proving that 3.5% of illegal immigrants commit 37% of homicides.
The statistics are just numbers without the proof. I'm not saying I dont belive them but I can't share them without also being asked where I got them.
If borders become a thing of the past then countries will become a thing of the past.
Spanish guy was incredibly stupid. Not because he is Spanish, because he is stupid.
we should have armed guards shooting every brown person they see at the border
Blur the first woman's ID badge as well. It would be unfortunate of someone doxxed her because they were able to get her information from it with a more in depth analysis of this video.
I want to Argue
Open border ! Mexican gov is so corrupted that they don't habe anymoney for their people ! And telle to their people go to the US ! crazy shit !
Hilarious
Holy hell this is why voting should be IQ restricted. But to hit these retarded fucks in the hornets nest you should be doing these videos on college campuses aka marxist/leftist indoctrination centers.
Wow. New Mexico is one of the worst states when it comes to education and this guy is proof. Not saying everybody in New Mexico is stupid but, the majority are like this guy. I plan on becoming Governor of New Mexico. Too funny.
This guy made me dizzy. Jeez
100% of illegal immigrants commit crimes, because illegally entering the country is a crime.
Since border patrol is up I'd wait on the wall and use that money to track down illegals within the country over staying their Visa getting rid of sanctuary cities and enforcing ice then when that's mostly handled do the wall
"im not mexican im spanish" hahahah go fuck yourself buddy hahaha you are mexican look in the mirror
TRUMP 2020!!!!!!!!!
Dude is talking out of his ass
Omg the Spanish dude is highly deluded.  He has zero historical knowledge by suggesting the world doesnt need any borders.  Its called chaos and anarchy. But yeah...hed make a great Governor with his stupid ideas and complete lack of care for legal American citizens.
toleral liberals lmao
This is what happens when your common sense tells you one thing but you have to repeat what you hear on the lefty msm to be part of the "good crowd"
Solution, build a canal from the gulf to the pacific and fill it with sharks and laser beams. I'm sure the guy in the white shirt will be down for that.
The guy with the white shirt is living in 2068
That "Spaniard" is retarded af
That boy is not Spaniards pinche nopal en la frente gtfo
I'm Mexican but think about this why is it ok for Mexico to have a border wall against Guatemala but it's immoral and wrong for the USA to have one for the same reasons it's not just to stop Mexicans its to stop Central and South and others it's a security issue not a moral issue the moral issue lies in the hands of the governments who let those people down
jajajajaja se maman, puras pendejadas las que escupen todos, incluyendo a Steven jajajajaja
Do people not realize there are already hundreds of miles of barriers along the border and thousands of people die in the desert trying to cross.
Well it's a big waste of money honestly
Funny how its mostly European Caucasians that  are all in for building the wall.
Um... Donald Trump totally said the majority of Mexicans bring drugs into this country. He also said they were rapists. He said SOME (a small percentage) are good people. I mean if you want to have selective hearing Crowder, you can have selective hearing. But um... you should probably pay a bit more attention to your leader.
lol angry fucks shouting and passing by, are the people we need to deal with in this world. people should be able to have a conversations without screaming right off the bat. i'm so glad donald trump won Hillary has way to many non intellgient angry people on her side, plus who know what would of happen if hillary took over W3 with russia alot of country would hate us even more which is what we do not need right now.
H-hey uh, Steven, uh, I think you should make an exception with that open invitation to come and talk on the show with Mr. Leroy here. Please. Don't.
Is there a possibility to see a topic like atheism is good or Religions are needed in modern society in change my mind in future? Something like that.
This man went sci-fi
Should have pixelated the first woman's entire body, and changed her voice slightly. She was too open for her own safety.
Say, we owe you a debt of thanks. We've been circulating a post on FB entitled How to Lie with Statistics 101 using this very video in which you cite immigrants as responsible for 35% of murders. It could be a textbook case of a person deliberately misleading with a statistic, since you use federal cases, the only venue where immigrants are prosecuted for murder and omit state and local where almost all murders are prosecuted. Thanks again for the marvelous example of using pseudo science to confirm and reinforce bigotry and ignorance. Good job.
Masked face, but ID card hanging around the neck being clearly visible with facial picture provided x,D
Wow... slow "Change My Mind" day huh?
We just need more masterminds. Problem solved...and x-rays.
I feel terrible for the Mexican people, with that being said, we have a legal means to become a citizen. If you break the law you you pay the price. Same goes for citizens, every day.
You should do Build the Wall again, but in a different location. Maybe on a college campus in order to get more logical arguments.
Immigration also comes from planes and tunnels.
The biggest argument I've heard against building the wall is
*Money, the wall is estimated to cost around 60-70 billion to build and then around 150milion to staff and maintain
*Statistics, the statistics I've seen show that most illegal immigrants don't cross the wall but that they come in via legal transportation, plane, train, boat etc... and then just overstay their welcome
*wont make a change, say they build a 50 foot wall, that will only make a demand for 51 foot ladders and a 50-60 foot rope

This feels like security theater where building a wall makes people feel safer but don't actually do that much to help the problem.
and that's a expensive way to make the people feel a tiny bit better
i want an electronic wall ... lol idiot
Next change my mind:
Confused children should get no surgery
Okay Crowder. First things first we agree on many things not that my opinion matters to you I'm sure it doesn't but we agree on many and most things. The wall however no we don't. The fact that our borders are not wild or fenced in any means that keeps people out, allows Mexican citizens to flee a country where they are literally being terrorized not figuratively being terrorized like we are by Taliban and mujahideen and Isis all that nonsense. Along the border of Mexico you maybe shopping at the wrong store and get nabbed up by Cartel and they very well may hold you down on the sidewalk in broad daylight in front of a gas station cut your guts out then stuff them down your throat with the plunger handled. That sounds extreme but it happens every day I work with copious amounts of Mexican immigrants, I'm a construction worker they're all legal and they all have family in Mexico and horror stories let me tell you actual horror stories. With that being said we lose more money to Africa then we lose to Mexico a wall is not going to save us a damn penny in comparison to the amount of money going to other countries. You can't build a wall in the sky and you can't build a wall on the internet so the money is not going to quit flowing out of this country. The amount of money lost to immigrants who are coming over here getting jobs is absolutely zero. If they don't pay property tax who gives a fuck neither does anybody in Florida. The wall is an enormous amount of wasted money will lose more money to the construction of that wall then we'll lose two Mexicans in a decade and this is economic factual data this is not an opinion this is real numbers that can't be argued with. I personally think there are times whenever you stick to your agenda so devoutly that even though something might not make sense to you you're going to agree with it because it suits your parties wishes. I say that I think you act this way because I see you as a very intelligent individual and I don't think that you're ignorant / stupid enough to actually believe that this wall is a good idea, it's not a good idea. I'm educated in economics and I'm also educated in Street smarts and World smarts. I have had high paying jobs and I've lived outside, the outside living was After High School for the hell of it. Needless to say I know how people float to this country and I know how money flows through this country and building a wall is an asinine idea
Okay Crowder. First things first we agree on many things not that my opinion matters to you I'm sure it doesn't but we agree on many and most things. The wall however no we don't. The fact that our borders are not wild or fenced in any means that keeps people out, allows Mexican citizens to flee a country where they are literally being terrorized not figuratively being terrorized like we are by Taliban and mujahideen and Isis all that nonsense. Along the border of Mexico you maybe shopping at the wrong store and get nabbed up by Cartel and they very well may hold you down on the sidewalk in broad daylight in front of a gas station cut your guts out then stuff them down your throat with the plunger handled. That sounds extreme but it happens every day I work with copious amounts of Mexican immigrants, I'm a construction worker they're all legal and they all have family in Mexico and horror stories let me tell you actual horror stories. With that being said we lose more money to Africa then we lose to Mexico a wall is not going to save us a damn penny in comparison to the amount of money going to other countries. You can't build a wall in the sky and you can't build a wall on the internet so the money is not going to quit flowing out of this country. The amount of money lost to immigrants who are coming over here getting jobs is absolutely zero. If they don't pay property tax who gives a fuck neither does anybody in Florida. The wall is an enormous amount of wasted money will lose more money to the construction of that wall then we'll lose two Mexicans in a decade and this is economic factual data this is not an opinion this is real numbers that can't be argued with. I personally think there are times whenever you stick to your agenda so devoutly that even though something might not make sense to you you're going to agree with it because it suits your parties wishes. I say that I think you act this way because I see you as a very intelligent individual and I don't think that you're ignorant / stupid enough to actually believe that this wall is a good idea, it's not a good idea. I'm educated in economics and I'm also educated in Street smarts and World smarts. I have had high paying jobs and I've lived outside, the outside living was After High School for the hell of it. Needless to say I know how people float to this country and I know how money flows through this country and building a wall is an asinine idea
Steven,

I think you and I would oppose each others views on almost all topics in todays political landscape. That being said, I have enjoyed, now two of your change my mind youtube videos and have subscribed to your channel.

Something that rubbed my wrong were your statistics in this video, here they are countered: https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/have-undocumented-killed-63000-us-9-11/ (there are many counters to your claims that can be found online)

That being said, which sources are correct? That would just go back and forth. The problem I have is that you state your stats as fact, and they are disputable.

It also seems that you prefer to air the more emotionally charged liberals in the crowd. I could be wrong as I am not there, but at a minimum you come to the table with more content preparation than the people you pull off the street. That makes it very easy to prove the hidden point to your content, that your mind is correct and can not be changed (my assumption, which you could dispute in a conversation.)

On this topic: There is no real argument here, the US has always been building walls where needed across our southern border, and left open space where the wall does not make sense. The real argument is how dehumanizing the president and those that have followed him on this topic are.

Another point is it's cost. There are many other things in this country that the money to build the wall could go towards. Better roads, better education, in some cases better strategies to reduce illegal immigration. "The Wall" is just an ego boost for our president.

We should not be at war with this issue. There are many vulnerable people involved. Many, if not most, may be crossing our border illegally for a better life. They have no other realistic option to get here and chase the American dream. These peoples only crime is the location of their birth. They want to work, they want their children to get an education, they want their children to become successful professionals. Why would we want to push back on that? We need to put our energy in embracing it and finding a ways to legalize it, not demonize it.

FYI I am a Bernie Sanders fan! I argue politics with my family every chance I get, we do have Trump supporters and every level of involvement in those discussions. I am also a teacher and my students always feel safe claiming whatever political view they have in my classroom, in fact I am telling one of my conservative students about this channel today, he will love it. I just want to keep them thinking.

I doubt either of us will change the others mind :-) and you will probably not even read this with so many comments. If you do I would love to try to change your mind some day. Until them I will watch some more of your videos.

-Erik
Okay Crowder. First things first we agree on many things not that my opinion matters to you I'm sure it doesn't but we agree on many and most things. The wall however no we don't. The fact that our borders are not wild or fenced in any means that keeps people out, allows Mexican citizens to flee a country where they are literally being terrorized not figuratively being terrorized like we are by Taliban and mujahideen and Isis all that nonsense. Along the border of Mexico you maybe shopping at the wrong store and get nabbed up by Cartel and they very well may hold you down on the sidewalk in broad daylight in front of a gas station cut your guts out then stuff them down your throat with the plunger handled. That sounds extreme but it happens every day I work with copious amounts of Mexican immigrants, I'm a construction worker they're all legal and they all have family in Mexico and horror stories let me tell you actual horror stories. With that being said we lose more money to Africa then we lose to Mexico a wall is not going to save us a damn penny in comparison to the amount of money going to other countries. You can't build a wall in the sky and you can't build a wall on the internet so the money is not going to quit flowing out of this country. The amount of money lost to immigrants who are coming over here getting jobs is absolutely zero. If they don't pay property tax who gives a fuck neither does anybody in Florida. The wall is an enormous amount of wasted money will lose more money to the construction of that wall then we'll lose two Mexicans in a decade and this is economic factual data this is not an opinion this is real numbers that can't be argued with. I personally think there are times whenever you stick to your agenda so devoutly that even though something might not make sense to you you're going to agree with it because it suits your parties wishes. I say that I think you act this way because I see you as a very intelligent individual and I don't think that you're ignorant / stupid enough to actually believe that this wall is a good idea, it's not a good idea. I'm educated in economics and I'm also educated in Street smarts and World smarts. I have had high paying jobs and I've lived outside, the outside living was After High School for the hell of it. Needless to say I know how people float to this country and I know how money flows through this country and building a wall is an asinine idea
The guy in the white shirt who is obviously Mexican or some type of Hispanic who's roots are from Central America is a fuckin idiot.
So he wants to forcibly implant illegals (good or bad) with RFIDs. People you can't find or know are illegal as they cross the border without coming through the terminal. 

As you do a man hunt for those illegals, 44 people die of drug overdoses, while you try find and tag them like animals; force them to do a "test" to conform and register them, then finally, HOPE they comply with taxation?

Meanwhile, we treat the illegals who aren't criminals like animals, so when they want to cross the border your X-Ray scanner comes to the rescue to alert authorities that a registered tagged legal is over the border going to a birthday party? 

Meanwhile, actual illegals, who aren't caught and tagged like dogs still cross the X-RAY SCANNER un-noticed to commit w/e crimes they want or need to survive until they too are caught and tagged like dogs?

A whole 3 years thinking about? Damn we should vote for him then...

Good luck with that, future Governor.
Please offer a very simple I. Q. TEST before talking to people
If borders are gone in the future no laws could be enforced. Unless we set up a global law system.
To have a gate you need a wall/fence
when this guy said x-ray scanner he lost all chances of changing his mind
A world without borders is a scary thought!  Reminds me of the ideal of communism getting rid of the bourgeois so the proletariat may have their fare share.  Only if we are angels will either scenario work.  A border of surveillance is more pragmatic as our technology continues to develop.  The ability to scan people suggests an implant and one not easily removed.  A scary thought and unconstitutional I think.  I agree with the young man that what we need is both security and freedom- quite a paradox but not contradictory.  Historically first generation immigrants can be more of a burden to their adopted society but their children and grandchildren become that society- to the point that they no longer speak their mother tongue.
Iv'e often thought that's a shame as language is such a potent cultural conveyor.  So it's ironic that I left Miami in part for that very reason long after I watched the "white flight" of 95% of my neighbors.  I took Spanish lessons and three years of it in school but refused to learn it though I didn't realize.  If I am a drink I would say I'm milk and the Cubans are orange juice. Add a drop occasionally to the milk and I still have milk.  But too much and the milk curdles.  Finally there is no milk-only tangy orange juice.  A law was being proposed that a basic English test must be passed to obtain a drivers license.  I did not agree with it at the time as I knew English was not necessary to be a responsible driver.  But that wasn't what it's about.  Some feel it's our just reward that the "White Man" is loosing his grip.  We don't need a wall with 1st world Canada but 3rd world Mexico?  Whatever future transitions occur I dearly hope we can be reasonable and heed  cool heads who intelligently articulate instead of hot heads full of reaction and insults.  Society is like a chemical reaction- too much heat and it becomes unstable.  I know it's not perfect but let's not throw out the baby with the bath water.
Holy. Shit.
How do you do it? I know you were about to lose your shit that entire time you talked to that poor kid.
Hes hopelessly clueless...
This dude is proposing RFID chips. To track humans where ever they are!
What the actual hell?
Building a wall = Bad
Mass surveillance = Good (???)
Talk to people who know something.
Just have a wall of armed guards to shoot anyone who approaches....
Again the statistics are great but realize that he said 60 odd percent of murders are by illegal immigrants but its because of he high of a percent of Latinos thee are in the us. Also but unfortunately Latinos. Bro a wall isnt going to stop no one.
"I don't know... like the proper scientifical ray that is used, but like an x-ray..."

I freaking love this guy...
this fine young gentleman was so stupid it actually hurt my head.
This x ray guy watch too much movie. 

How can u x ray a person if he doesn't have a number as a legal American citizen? Clearly you have to put a number on him otherwise you would lose him. 

If u can, where would you do it? On the street? Which streets?
That's why you need border. So u know clearly where u would do your "future x-ray". 

Oh my God,,, I feel foolish talking about this. 

This is why you don't watch too much movie, kids...
U need to come back to reality.
One thing the all-over-the-place-vlogger is right about is the constant flow of people moving places. And the US is the place for world citizens.
The wall is a retarded ideea,most illegal immigrants arrive via planes and stay in the country until their visa expires,the fuck man that's billions of dollars wasted,not to mention it would go trough hills,mountains,houses and etc,how the fuck do you think the wall works,why not just modify the visas,why not improve border laws or border patrols,the wall is just a terrible fucking ideea.
We need to build an X-ray wall, al the undocumented gamma waves are coming in through the border
LATINOS FOR TRUMP
X-Ray Border lmao
He is describing E-verify which the right has suggested for years and years and the left and thrown down as "racist" for years and years.
I think they should have a way to have hard working illegal immigrants who dont have a criminal record a chance to be legal and those with a small criminal record they need to do something to help the country so they can be legal because most of these immigrants come to America just to support their families and for the ones who are like drug lords and stuff or really harm the country they should be deported and most of those innocent immigrants who care about their families so much they risk their lives for their families and they should be able to be legal.
"Build the wall with your ass, bitch!"
Go figure, a liberal who doesn't know how building something works. Workshop>Liberal arts 
I'm surprised you're in favor of the Wall. Do you know how expensive it's going to be? Immigrants are going to get under it or over it regardless. They'll find a way. The Great Wall of China didn't stop the Mongols from invading, just slowed them down a bit. The wall in Israel didn't stop suicide bombers from coming in underground, it just slowed them down a bit. So it's going to be very expensive to build something that isn't going to do much of anything. But it's bad for the environment and animal migration. Majority of illegals coming in here are honest and want to work. It's the bad guys who make them look bad, yet they'll have sources to get around the wall better than peaceful people. They'll likely profit as coyotes by charging the peaceful people. And the American police will likely get bribed by them sort of like during the alcohol prohibition. There will most likely be an underground pass built. And who is going to be running it? The cartels. The bad guys. See how this isn't a solution for honest people to attempt to do things legally, but an instigation for illegal profits.

As someone who is against abortion, I find it ironic you're in favor of this Wall. You're a smart man, but some of your stance on issues are ridiculous and hypocritical.
God is laughing at NWO globalists. The NWO will start when Christ returns, not until then. God supports nationalism not globalism. He has slapped down the NWO many times in recent history WWI, WWII and in Bible times The Tower of Babel. He is doing it again to protect us. This NWO leadership is evil and will exterminate millions. That's their plan, not happening. Midterms will be end of demonrats and RINOs are leaving. wwg1wga
that was the dumbest brown guy  in the word lol
The Xray Wall guy is dumb as FUCK
Im against the wall cuz of what the lady was trying to say they are gonna come one way or another and it would be a waste of money, they gotta find another way to fight illegal immigration
Check out he meme at 1:22 
https://youtu.be/0PTkzV8w1ic
Im against the wall, but Im even more against tagging people like animals to be tracked like that
I think the beginning was kind of ... dangerous to her well-being.... the blur in her face is not a definite guarantee to hide her identity. Maybe could have just audio clipped it, or done a better job of censoring her.
That look at the end hahahaha
Everyone who is against the wall is a supporter of illegal immigration. Build the wall Trump I support you from Haiti
This is hurting my brain. Build that bitch and throw those dummies over it too.
This dude in the white is living in the future
So basically the guy's argument for legalizing the illegal immigrants is so that they can be exploited through taxation. He wants more people paying taxes so he can get his fat government check. Dude's a selfish ass and the more likely scenario is that there will be just as many moochers as contributors resulting in a minimal net gain to the system.
Before 1920 all the immigration to US was legal. During the 19 century US saw the most rapid economic growth of it all history. As Milton Friedman said, you want free market for others, but for yourself you want the help of the government.
That redskin in the white shirt got dropped on his head when he was a baby.
Omg so effing New Mexican!!
Steven I have mad respect for you that Spanish guy was out of his damn mind if I was your producer I would have asked him to kindly get up and get the f*** out of there. And as erratic as he was speaking I quite possibly would have called law enforcement on him he sounded geeked out of his mind.
Gaah, i know many who are illegal and get away with crap!
And no, illegals who do work using with ITIN or using someone else's SS number don't reap any benefits at tax time, they receive no $ from returns. So....YES they do get taxed indirectly. THE SYSTEM IS BROKEN AND CORRUPT.
I kind of felt bad for how stupid that guy is. I'm not being mean, I genuinely feel bad for him. Poor guy.
Fix the immigration and citizenship process, quicker background checks, no wall (waste of money), but have some sort of border control like we have now. All immigrants should be documented via visa or other methods. Only deport the criminals, but people with a clean hardworking background that pays taxes should be kept in the USA.
Drugzzzzzzaaaaaaaa
Broo  this is borderline propaganda. Why are you interviewing dummies on the topic  making people with the opposite stance look naive ... Im unimpressed.
I'm against the wall because it's ineffective and cost prohibitive.  A better way to stop illegal immigration would be though mandatory e-verify. Imprisoning employers who employ illegal immigrants by charging under the RICO act. As well as better monitoring the border with drones, and more agents that can quickly respond to illegal entry.
Funny how they say illegals are paying smugglers 10 grand to get here, but coming here the right way legally costs about that much so, just do it the right way. Money talks.
Your face was priceless! XD
To be honest, I feel like alot of people don't have a problem with enforcing the border control, but the physical form of a wall is what scares people, a wall isn't exactly associated with good things. Such like north Korea or even the origin of the great wall of china. I'd say it's the message that the wall sends to the world about the U.S. that isn't the best
I'm not Mexican, I'm Spanish... from Mexico, or something.
Has his mind ever been changed? Just curious, and if so please let me know which video it occurs in.
do you think we should recycle
That second guy was on crack
can you please do a racism is rare - change my mind?
Lost me at X-Ray wall. Lost Steven too I think. Future governor of New Mexico?
This dude thinks there will be no borders in 5 or 10 years ? Ha yeah why even listen further ?
I simply watch this channel because I believe it's a good idea to listen to other viewpoints and opinions. I've watched most or all of the other change my mind videos, and there was at least some semblance of an argument from Steven Crowder, but not in this one. He's incredibly misinformed and seems to pick only the stupidest people he can find because he knows his point is so weak. I'm not going to comment on the laws surrounding immigration, but the actual physical wall is the worst way to stop illegal immigration. If you're looking at preventing drugs or illegal immigrants entering the country, don't build a wall. Upwards of 80-85% of drugs enter the United States through air or sea, and most illegal immigrants come here legally, but just over-stay their visa, neither of which the wall would prevent. The wall will be billions and billions of dollars wasted, while not solving anything. The only thing a thirty-foot-high wall will do is create a market for 31-foot ladders!
WITH NO BORDERS ,WHAT'S TO KEEP THE RUSSIAN,CHINESE ,GLOBAL CARTELS & MILITARY  FROM INFILTRATING THE US ? ...These people are the problem with this changing country. "Built by immigrants" MY ASS ! Mixed & pernicious tribal behaviors like this are tearing this country apart .
I think the wall is probably not going to work, this is because there are real ways to stop illegal immigration and no methods are being  carried out to that end. We don't even enforce immigration laws that exist now. First of all a tough stance on immigration needs to exist, the will needs to exist to get them out.  Here are my ideas #1 have a shoot to kill policy at the border, we'd only have to kill a few to get the message across very seriously, it'd be such a good a deterrent . Second we need to make it impossible for them to exist here, make laws which make it mandatory to prove citizenship to go to the hospital, to have a drivers license, to get any assistance whatsoever, make citizenship a law to get a job, fine employers massively for employing illegals. If you take the incentive for them to want to be here they won't come. Make living here anathema to non citizens, make state sponsored anti mexican propaganda, make policies which grant monetary rewards for people who report illegals, we can get a lot more creative and effective than a wall, i'm not wholly opposed to a wall either, but a wall alone without a serious change of sentiment and policy is almost worthless. They'll tunnel, they'll climb,  if we have a wall it needs to be really strong, high, deep into the ground, and electrified, it should be like Israel's with armed men or remotely operated or AI weapons systems and or a full time staff of soldiers with orders to shoot to kill, our immigration issue would end real quick. I'd also like to see armed round ups of the illegal aliens who are already here, put them on cattle cars and ship them the hell out.
I have a brilliant idea so hear me out. I think that we should change all houses and instead of having a door have an x-ray so when people want to come in and out of our house they will be asked why they are coming in and out it will be genius. It will stop all house robberies. . and any house in the world will be like this it will be like an oasis. This will stop all people entering that Aren't wanted too, because people will follow the rules.  Insert sarcasm here
You state that they commit disproportionate amounts of crime but thats false https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2018/06/19/two-charts-demolish-the-notion-that-immigrants-here-illegally-commit-more-crime/?utm_term=.d7dc194e947c
Lol these folks have no idea...
Where did you get statistics on the crime rates for immigration?
Lmao. What was that dude on? If he ever become gov of New Mexico then I'm positive our world will become the movie Idiocracy. He contradicted alot of what he said.
I don't like illegal immigration, but a wall won't do any good. This is not Ancient China or Rome.
Haaa, he sounds like a special democrab.
'Just make em pass the test'
"My family has been in New Mexico since 1550"





We just ignoring that Stevie?
what a waste of everyones time
Wow that dude is totally clueless!
You should make another one because these arguemrnts were very weak
As a New Mexican I would like to make the claim that this guy does not accurately represent the state at large.
PLEASE DO WHITE PRIVEDGE! I know you did male privledge byt we need white to be done too.
ugh why is he wearing short shorts with long sleeve shirt
The problem is the wall would cost hundreds of millions of dollars.
Also most illegals come here on green-cards and overstay. Its sad that the talkers dont know that. 
>Change My Mind<
Do a-  Trump isnt a liar!  Or Trump doesnt have an ego!
Peoplea....are gettinga.... dumbera...by the daya
we are in the age of idiocracy. may god have mercy on these ignorant people and our future generation.
This dude watches too much tv and sci-fi crap
Yup The Dude from New Mexico is an idiot. He has Zero understanding.
The most surprising thing in this Change My Mind was seeing Steven in SHORTS
what percent of illegal immigrants commit crimes? 100% of them because they broke the law when they entered the country illegally!
I can see the IQ skyrocket for California in the next couple years, such individual makes us so... so more intelligent.
Do a waters not wet change my mind lol, like if you agree
This guy is fuckng mexican
I am completely for the wall
where the fuck did yall even set up?
can somebody fact check this animal crowder?
Crowder must've felt like Ida when fighting Hatsume in the UA Sports Festival.
Are there any decent alternatives to "building the wall"?
6:35 Crowder says illegal immigrants commit 37% of the homicides. What statistic is he citing there? Because that doesn't sound right at all. Is he lying?
what a dumbass, the kid didn't finnish high  school
for the first time I disagree with this guy I agree with people coming as long as they have the money know English and have a clean criminal record if they have these things they should be automatically be able to come in here and if they come here hew come illegally are just used for hard manual labor with little pay so it is better if they come legally and I guess the illegal ones  do the least crimes for the fear of being deported
Why doesnt he ever interviewed people with good arguments? I feel like he only picks parts where people dont make strong arguments. Its kinda biased, seen so many of his videos and not one of them has a good point or knows how to get their point across correctly
Lets get this straight people. There is already a fence. A shitty fence that doesnt cover the entire border. That fence was built to defend the border of our country to foreign invaders. Nobody seems to have a problem with it, rightly so. It was built to do a job that we hopefully all agree with, except the illegal immigrants of course, who want to come into our country without going through the legal way. These people are already committing a crime by coming here illegally. Building a more efficient barrier to protect our border is a great idea. Its not racist to defend your country's borders. Wanting to keep illegal potentially violent trespassers out of our country is not racist. Renovating and replacing an old fence with a more effective wall is not racist. Please get your head out of the toilet, morons.
If you don't get any quality guests/opinions, you shouldn't post a video. This was just a waste of everyone's time.
I feel like more energy should be spent helping reduce corruption and drug cartels in Mexico and help them to bring growth to their economy so that these potential immigrants 1. feel safe and 2. have a sense of upward mobility / path to prosperity. I don't think they want to leave their home if they can help it. I think addressing these root issues are an important piece that will help reduce the load of illegal immigration instead of just attacking the issue one way by building an expensive wall which may or may not be effective.Though I am for border security, I wonder if a wall will actually stop people from digging under/climbing over/getting around it. This is a good conversation to have.
I don't know how Steven kept a straight face listening to that dude bullshitting his way through this haha.
is school we learn Soviet Union builds walls and spreads propaganda. look who is going that nao.
The guy was a coke head, u can spot from a mile away
They already have x-ray machines at the border. I work for a company that builds the housings for them. We build them second hand, I believe the company that uses them is "American Science & Engineering" (AS&E). They are big enough for semi trucks to drive though them. And no, they don't work like the guy in the white shirt was talking.
HolyFS ...x ray boy wants to be gov of NM....hasn't that state suffered enough
Anybody cares to provide a link to data substantiating the claim illegal immigrants commit crimes at a disproportionate rate?

Also Trump said " some illegal immigrants are good people" clearly insinuating most of them are dangerous. Conservatives also claim they are only against illegal immigration but they want to do away with chain migration and the green card lottery which is legal immigration. Would respect you more if you were more intellectually honest about that.

And finally, the plan was for Mexico to pay for the Wall not the taxpayer. You're not gonna get that wall I think it's time to come to term with it.just enjoy the fence.
Sir.... That man was a dumbass...!
Guy in the white shirt "Leroy" should choose another profession... He is clueless.... I thought he was going to talk about cyborgs as border patrol next... 
We cant build a wall on the Mexican side of the Rio Grande River, and we cant build a wall down the property line which generally snakes back and forth near the middle of the Rio Grande River, so I guess were going to build it on our side when we are ready to give away our access to the Rio Grande River and have an extra $25 billion laying around with no better use.

Big walls are a profoundly stupid ideas when it comes to international borders.

Consider the two most famous walls in history:

In the long run, the Great Wall in China is a little more than a tourist attraction illustrating how incredible amounts of construction resources can be wasted. Imagine if those stones couldve been used to build permanent waterways, structures and roads in Beijing. The Chinese could have had a great tourist attraction and a great contribution to the civilization.

The Berlin wall is the wall of shame in history, all but small portions totally removed, except for the pieces left standing to remind us of its stupidity as well. In the long run, the Berlin wall did nothing more than economically suppress the Soviet occupied part of Berlin, while the westernized side of Berlin prospered. Even now, 70 years later, one can see that the cordoned off portion of that great city was economically and culturally penalized through no fault of their own.

Nonetheless, Trump wants his own monument to waste and stupidity so he can go down in history like an ancient myopic Chinese dynasty or a failed communist empire. And all because of a lame campaign promise made to his shrinking minority base within a troubled Republican party.

Trump has already made his mark on history. We already have a president with the lowest of approval ratings, who is rated dead last amongst presidents by modern historians. But that doesnt seem to be good enough for Trump, because he wants to leave a permanent scar on the earth.

But I dont think we need a structure carving off the Rio Grande River from the bottom of the Texas and handing it back to the Mexicans. We fought pretty hard for the land between the Nueces and the Rio Grande in the Mexican American war of 1845, which, via the Treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, which was the culmination of one of the biggest land expansions in the history of the world. Seems pretty stupid to cut off our own access to the river that drains from Colorado and New Mexico, so that Mexico can have the sole access to those waters. Not to mention all the eminent domain confiscation of land that adjoins that boundary, devastating some of the most fertile farmland in the country.

If the stupid wall ever gets built, we will be motivated to pump out all the water before it reaches El Paso, creating a 1,000 mile long dry ditch, and creating new Sahara-like desert on both sides of the wall, visible from space. Indeed, Trump would then have made his mark, handing whats left of a great river, along with land from our side, back to the Mexicans with a $25 billion structure that might as well have signs on their side that read: Youre Welcome!
10:27 ....and you've lost me lol
I see what he means.  Why make the mexicans illegal if you can just add them legally to the workforce and government taxation.  Guess what? If they were legally added to the work force they would be recognized as extremely underpaid.  That their working hours aught to be illegal. 

The mexican culture on this side of the border is so afraid of the government that it is afraid to defend itself sometimes opting for self reliance or profiteers who take advantage of immigratory situations with false advertisements and fear mongering ads that pass by mouth.  Electronics are merely one form of communication.
https://youtu.be/hLz4xHl_CEc
the guy from new mexico basically said we need some form of documentation just not the one we have now.. hajaha
A physical wall is a waste of resources. Most illegals don't just strut across the boarder.  They overstay visas,  dig tunnels, boats, etc. Don't waste money on a wall.
Can I be against illegal immigration and be against a physical wall at the same time?  It seems like a yuge waste of money.

What can we do to make them not want to come here and if they are already here, leave voluntarily?
How many Red Bulls did that guy slam before sitting down ??
Seriously prosecute and fine Americans that hire undocumented workers. Change my mind.
X-rays bad idea.
This wasn't even entertaining, lost a couple of brain cells while watching the white shirt guy
The last guy has no idea what he is talking about..........
Is there an episode of this where someone actually changes his mind??
He mentioned a gate. What are gates attached to? A wall...
BUILD THE WALL! DEPORT THEM ALL!




Liberals can join them in Mexico if they want, we'll fling them over The Wall.
I would never elect that man to governorship. He was wacked.
41 Republican RINOs that voted against the recent border bill per Washington Examiner. (Q) Why??

1. Paul Gosar (Ariz.-4)
Andy Biggs (Ariz.-5)

Jeff Denham (Calif.-10)
David, Valadao (Calif.-21)
Steve Knight (Calif.-25)
Dana Rohrabacher (Calif.-48)
Mike Coffman (Colo.-6)

Mario Diaz-Balart (Fla.-25)
Carlos Curbelo (Fla.-26)
Ileana Ros-Lehtinen (Fla.-27)

Drew Ferguson (Ga.-3)
Mike Simpson (Idaho-2)
Peter Roksam (Ill.-6)
Steve King (Iowa-4)
Thomas Massie (Ky.-4)
Justin Amash (Mich.-3)
Fred Upton (Mich.-6)
Erik Paulsen (Minn.-3)

Frank LoBiando (N.J.-2)
Tom MacArthur (N.J.-3)
Chris Smith (N.J.-4)
Leonard Lance (N.J.-7)
Rodney Frelinghuysen (N.J.-11)

Pete King (N.Y.-2)
John Faso (N.Y.-19)
Elise Stefanik (N.Y.-21)
Tom Reed (N.Y.-23)
John Katko (N.Y.-24)

Michael Turner (Ohio-10)
Steve Russell (Okla.-5)
Ryan Costello (Pa.-6)
Brian Fitzpatrick (Pa.-8)
Bill Shuster (Pa.-9)
Kristi Noem (S.D.-At-large)
Louie Gohmert (Texas-1)
Will Hurd (Texas-23)
Mia Love (Utah-4)
Barbara Comstock (Va.-10)

Dan Newhouse (Wash.-4)
Cathy McMorris Rodgers (Wash.-5)
41. David Reichert (Wash.-8)
Wow build the wall change your stupid retarded mind to stop legal immigration
You don't know what he talking about he needs to go to school
This guy don't know what he's talking about drugs
This guy really said xray scanner wall. We aint that far into the future bruh
BUILD THE XRAY WALL!
This will change your mind. Now I havnt got the time to pull up the specific statistics however, the reason you should not build the wall is because it would make no difference. I'm pretty sure in the different ways illegal immagrints can pass the border, in the ground is the least popular way. Correct me if im wrong but immagrints that are illegal normally get across the border 'on holiday' then overstay their welcome. I'm not against stopping illegal immagrints, I'm against spending billions of dollars on something that is not going to make a difference. Like any other illegal act, people are going to find a way around it. It's fact. If you disagree with that you need to see a doctor. I think what America has in place is good enough except some very particular things that I'm not aware of but will be discovered in the future. There is so much more to say however it's late for me and would like sleep. Feel free to oppose and I will reply when I can. Many thanks and would love to do something like this in the UK it's great.
The guy in t shirt needs to finish high school...lol.
That second guy is the exact reason why we SHOULD build the wall.
The kid from New Mexico has seen to much anime
GoTo [There Are Only 2 Genders (2nd Edition) Change My Mind]. This is one of Steve's more enjoyable programs. While both these individuals may have "lived" trans lives, Steve is surprisingly knowledgeable about the current state of misinformation being fed to students by useless gender studies departments. Fortunately, many of the useless courses in the Humanity and Sociology departments will cease to exist within an estimated five years thanks to Jordan B. Peterson's recent initiative to cleanse universities and colleges of Marxist related courses and "professors."  DONATIONS toward Dr. Peterson's initiative and the Republican party's election in November will go a long way toward, lowering the cost of and CLEANSING of our education system and the MSM.
Do another one. This discussion needs to go on. Especially with whats been happening right now.
I beg you come over to England and do these
DO VEGANISM IN SACRAMENTO
this guy is against a wall and a border control, but for an xray border and absolute surveillance in the city. How isnt that way worse for the freedom of people O.o
This Wall agenda is total bullshit, and a complete waste of money.
How the fuck are you suppose to tax someone without a social security number
my dude is on some shit hahah
What about the Berlin Wall
On behalf on Latinos and Hispanics everywhere I would like to apologize for the 2nd guy. His ideas come from a good place but he's clueless on the simple details that would make them work
The "American People" the woman says at 1:00.  At least she knows she is NOT The "American People".
This was too retarded to finish...
There is one benefit of the wall that no one talks about. The flow of American guns INTO Mexico.
If the guy from New Mexico has more than zero people listening to his podcast our video, that tells me that we're in trouble. What a moron.
How many brain cells did I just loose
The second person you spoke to is unbelievably ineloquent, emotionaly charged, and has no ability to grapple with statistics. Surely you must have spoken to somebody who could actually get their point across...Show us that!
Is this guy high? 
nigga how u a canadian french pussy nigga that IMMIGRATED to the us at 18 how u finna say build the wallget the strap
nigga how u a canadian french pussy nigga that IMMIGRATED to the us at 18 how u finna say build the wallget the strap
California economic success totally dependent on illegal low paid workers.  No tax no rights, max profits.
Dreamers have no answers- only dreams.
WAIT A SEC..... So 37% of murder is committed by illegal immigrants AND about half of all murders in the US are commit by black men. How much do these two groups overlap?
StevenCrowder you should reattempt this same CMM sometime and somewhere down the line.
LOOK AT THE WHOLT PICTURE HERE, THE DEALERS WONT SELL HERE (IF THE AMERICANS STOP BUYING FROM THEM) trumps put the blame on them when we are the ones causing all this to happen. FUCK THE WALL, LETS HELP THE AMERICANS GET OFF OF DURGS AND STOP BUYING FORM MEXICO. If we ant buying then they ant selling.  Problem solved
The problem isnt solved by making a border, the problem is solved by taking "Mexico" out of the equation and slowly converting it to the United States so that we can freely apply our security methods, teachings, and restrictions. Just respect their culture and it'll be fine. Keep their own president so that their vote matters. Both presidents can veto legislation and both must agree to pass laws.
I come from the future and yes, he's the governor of New Mexico now.
Do Black people can be rascit change my mind
Build a wall,  so what happens if Mexico builds a tunnel?  This guy is a walking contradiction,  God fearing human who wants to build a wall to his fellow human,  Love thy Neighbour?
Biggest argument I heard was Obamas. You have this long to claim your illegal immigration and get granted eligibility for citizenship and if you dont youre deported. That takes care of the criminals and the good immigrants. Then build all the wall you want
The guy in the white shirt... wtf is wrong with him
Wow those were the most uneducated rebuttals to the border wall yet. That "Spanish" guy made himself look completely inept at rational thought.
It was funny to me how the guy said we don't need borders and everything should be free flowing, then says that everyone in the world needs to be micro chipped so we can track when they cross the border.
Stevens face at the end! 
You should do a change my mind on the topic of girls joining boyscouts, because I feel like that is a big topic right now and people have a lot of different opinions.
His assumption is that all illegal immigrants cross the border at border security checkpoints... Most don't... They come on boats, swim, or walk across.
i have a pain in my chest from listening to that guys incoherent rhetoric.
That guy makes a great case why legalizing pot is bad. Either he is high or retarded.
"the proper scientifical ray"
This guy wants to tag people like the nazis tagged Jews wow
@Theoret1cal pfft yeah right
Illegal entry hurts that country and people tremendous. It's common sense
@Anthony Perez yeah sounds a bit much
@jonathan portillo he wants to adapt immigration technology from his planet on earth
A large wall is not very reasonable considering the scale. It would also not do much to really stop illegal immigration. Considering that most illegals come in on planes. But I don't think "illegal immigration" should be a thing at all because I don't really believe in borders. Say it is because I don't understand it enough. I probably don't, so I'm not gonna pretend. I just don't see it as necessary to keep people out who want to be here.
Just declare illegal immigration as a threat to the country and shoot any illegals. If illegals start getting shot, most will not want to try. (But then again, lots of illegals come in as a visiter and just stay.)
Why should anyone change his mind? Who gives 2  what he thinks?
HES AN IDIOUT LOL
I learned that there are alot of people out there that think that the wall is bad however still dont want illegal immigration. The wall is only to keep out illegals though so this really confuses me. people whos only education on the wall was that it was to keep Mexicans out when really u can still get in legally but it just keeps illegals out...
this Hispanic dude has the most ADD ive seen in one human being before lel
11:06 umm so you want a border
I lowkey want to fight you
free flowing uh they shouldn't be deported uh his talking is annoying.
This video shows how fucked up everything is. We have a Mexican woman who is terrified of some illegal immigrants in her neighborhood and wants them deported and needs help figuring out how to report them.
And then we have some doofus against the wall that proposes something WAY MORE INVASIVE than a border wall. You want to scan people coming and going and scan them again in the city to make sure they are doing what they claimed. He's also living in a futuristic Fantasyland. I mean, seriously? 
I wonder if not many people trying to change your mind means that most people there agreed with the wall.
the kid is dumb hire me. ill give you a good debate
That MEXICAN dude (yeah, he's a Mexican) is a millennial snowflake who has no grasp of reality.
EDIT - after watching him a bit more, he's definitely mentally unstable and living in a fantasy dream-world... 
"X-ray gates" lmfao !
so in order to leave the country to need to be screened for a passport, thats just to travel. so if you are coming to live here shouldnt you have to be fully screened?
@StevenCrowder what is the main reason for you to think that no borders won't work in the United States when they do work in western Europe?
RFID  tags,  I like them.... and we could use them for things like ID,Drive license and insurance "one card all you need if you get into trouble"  but that guy from new mexico is not using his brain.
It all comes down to getting people to come through one entrance so they know whos coming in and out. Which is fair enough. 

Because by their logic illegals might aswell walk into legal citizens homes and make themselves comfy. Can't tell them to go cause thats being harsh. 

Get outta here!! 
I love the random unrehearsed structure of these. But he interviews such morons. Which makes me worried that moron seems to be the norm. 
I think they will just use a plane if we build a wall. Change my mind :)
white shirt dude is just laughable
the guy in the white shirt is the reason you need borders
3% of the population (illegal immigrants) commit 37% of all the murders in this country? That is physically fucking impossible. This guys a fucking liar.
The guy from New Mexico is an Alien
8:47 HUH
Esa vieja est bien pendeja
A scientifical immigrant-uh x-ray thing-uh.  This could solve all out immigration problems.
Who needs a concrete/steel wall when you can make one out of deadly radiation. this man is a genius.
In-studio one on one with Usef! Make it happen!
Perfect question for The Open Borders Crowd:  Does your home or apartment have a door and walls?  Why and what's the point of that?
Love the Walther shirt!   My mind went numb listening to that guy...  Travel fast and cheap anywhere in 5 to 10 years.  SMH  He really has no understanding of the world.
Females are way more privileged, they can pretty much get away with murder. Do an episode on that :P  that should be fun.
I think the type of xrays this guy means is the far reaching gama rays. You know you need the powerful ones to reach across the border. Who knows maybe it will even penetrate the ground and scan the people in tunnels! Lol
You should have cut the video for the poor x- Ray border guy. He is confused clearly. Lolol
Your confused that state is often in reference with African americans
Louder crowder Ill call your statistics on violent crime are wrong
I've never heard a good argument against the Wall and I would like to hear a good argument against the wall.
His stat on violent crime is wrong Im not liberal but that is the stat for African americans cant play if you got your facts wrong but I agree not everyone can come here but his statistics are wrong on crime hes talking out of his ass
I just hope he can finally get all of the scientifical facts together and send Steven that email and discuss the general idea of xray scanners a bit more in depth.

 Holy $h!t this country is in trouble!!
I think truly the only reason he extended the conversation of this male in the white shirt, is only because he is so very entertained. Like I really tried so hard to understand how or what he was saying or keep up with which topic he was talking about with out switching to another, like wow very very every where god.
So have an rfid chip scanner network across the whole border? A wall with checkpoints along it would be cheaper
If the wall gets funded and volunteers are needed at some point, Id drop whatever I was doing and work on it for free at this point.
Yeah but majority of Mexicans take US Dollars and some down to Mexico illegally
Maybe the wall was inside of us all along.
Obviously better, preferably no lethal border control is a necessity. That being said a wall is a terrible idea because it's:

Unbelievably expensive; throughout his campaign Trump's estimate went front $6-16 billion, with safer estimates including Bridges, land terraforming and reposition bring closes to $30-40 billion. Further more there's a general rule with defensive walls like this which is that you have to pay their full price again every 40 odd years to maintain them.

It won't stop illegal immigration; about 40-60% if illegal immigration come via plane, and it's quite silly to think that these extremely desperate people won't find away over it as soon as it's their only option. This is a nation where people build their homes, they can build a ladder and rope.

It won't stop drug trafficking; drugs are already transpired in their majority over the border fence using a catapult. Throughout history the harder you make it to transport drugs, the price higher the price goes and demand remains constant. The increase in funding results in stronger, less safe drugs, more powerfull drug cartels and I'm sure, if need be little rockets to get drugs over a wall too high to catapult.


Not to say I have a catch all answer, but unmanned drones, frequent car patrols and more financially accessibly citizenship accusition would be a decent start. And we all know America already had the military budget for it.
Build the wall with the bodies of illegals like 300 style.
I need to get together with some masterminds to talk this out

Yea, hes definitely not one of them.
Building a wall is an obvious solution. But listening to the opposition makes it even more obvious. Understand that Mr. Crowder represents a Trump voter and the man in the white t-shirt represents a Hillary or Sanders supporter. Enough said.
He wants to be the governor of New Mexico.   I want to be on the PGA tour.   But, it's not going to happen.
#PrayForNewMexico
My man Leroy is living in the future. Electronic tags, sensors to I.D said tags in cities and on the boarder. He'd be a hit in Germany 1919-1933.
I like the idea of your "Change My Mind" segments, but it's clear you have no intention of having your mind changed. If you actually did ever change your mind, you would probably lose followers. Also, I'd like to see you go debate a civil rights lawyer or professor rather than just trying to pick people off the street you can easily dominate in debate. 

Furthermore, if you're going to spout off statistics, at least provide your source (or put them in the video description). I tried looking up the "illegal immigrants commit 37% of the homocides in the US" and I cannot find that statistic anywhere.
Raise your hand if you don't do drugs. Not so fast Spainiard.
There needs to be a word for people who take a position that sounds dangerous but is actually perfectly safe and requires no bravery at all; and one where you will never have to eat crow b/c the reality won't come home to roost until a hundred years from now... Like people who confront cops as oppose to confronting actual criminals/thugs; or people who say "no borders" knowing they will never have to live in that world and can kick back and enjoy living in a majority white ethno state where it's safe to preach about a world where there are no longer any white people...
X Ray wall 
and in this world with no borders where would the check points be located?
Lol
ha ha he doesn't know what "statistically" means; it sounds like he thinks it's a word you use to draw especial attention to your point
This guy sums up the left perfectly. Ignorant, stupid, emotional and hypocritical. He doesn't have one single point that holds validity. Crowder has a lot of patience to not just throw his arms up and scream you're an idiot.
Build a wall with your ass

Challenge accepted
What a stupid Mexican. He should be placed under the wall for a strong foundation.
I love most of your videos however the wall wont do shit! Waste of taxpayers money!
Dumb show
That dude needs either Ritalin or Adderall and books... lots and lots of books...
We are now putting a wall up between not only mexico and the United States but between new mexico too
X-ray scanner? What an idiot..
Lets just make a wall as big as the Dubai towers, and call it a day.
you have to have people on the border anyway, people can just climb over the wall, it doesn't work without people, I guess people already patrol there, let's keep that
what bullsh!t  this young  man is confused a  high percentage of illegals  are here just to milk the system work under the table paying no taxes while driving their escalade and sending thousands of dollars each week back home , never wanting to become a citizen ,,IT IS AN INVASION ,, intended to break the system,, nothing less ...Crazy thing is mexico  already built a wall on their south boarder to slow down  illegals coming in why cant we have one also, to  do the same thing on our south boarder????? Their invasion is costing us citizens trillions of dollars  every year ...  when we deport the illegals seize all their  property in forfeiture  to partially pay for immigration services  (we got to get tough)  on illegals or it will break this country down beyond repair then no one will have anything ... then we will hear that huge sucking sound of all the illegals leaving BECAUSE THE FREE  RIDE  WILL BE OVER
I agree with the Mexican lady, "It's not going to stop them, so why build it?""   I am against illegal immigration, but why spend so much tax payer money on something that will only prevent a percentage of illegal immigration from Mexico.  It is a complete waste of money... there are several ways that money could be used more productively.
Too short
The Earth Is An Oblate Spheroid Change My Mind.
This "change my mind" is not very good because the first two people are so stupid that it is hard to listen to them. The problem the U.S. has on EVERY issue is that stupid people are easy to manipulate... Like the fool I'm listening too now can't even articulate a logical sentence, and he claims he's going to be Governor. And, because he is stupid, he has a better chance of being governor.
The new Elon Musk lol 10:28
The wall is a barrier that will force them to find another avenue to try to sneak in.  Once they try to go around, you start plugging the other holes in the system.  Wall gets built, and then we need to throw these dumb motherfuckers over it who want to destroy America by leaving it open for just anybody to walk in.
This guy wants to give people the mark of the beast....?
IBM RFID Commercial
BUILD THE XRAY GATE 2018
Thank God you did this one. Especially that first lady. She reminded me of my mother. Sad situation. Thank you for this segment. Truly thank you.
The last guy has seen to many sci-fi movies...
Crowders face at the end is priceless. Like "what....."
Did anyone ask for the wall to come down?
This guy is obviously not Spaniard, for supposedly being a several generation American he sure talks like he just crossed, I'm a first generation American and some people think I'm white when we talk on the phone, I believe in fairness for any person who is willing to leave their country, family, traditions and children  behind to take a leap of faith and risk their lives to give their children a better life, live in a distant land with people that want you out and treat you like dirt, work hard every day to make an honest living.  I'll give to the fact that not all immigrants are the same, but neither are us citizens.
Ha that Spanish guy just proposed the most totalitarian system to track the movement of people... Far worse that a freaking wall...
Why didnt you become a lawyer?
Where does crowder get his sources from ? I wasnt able to find anything that said illegals commit 37% of crimes all I found was a bunch of articles saying its bs lol
The guy's proposal is ridiculous: Burden the system with a limitless number of migrants and then tax them to support the burdened system.
13:16 priceless
Scientifical.
Let me just get the fucking x ray vision ass walls here boys!!
How about you re-do this issue on a college campus where there are educated students that can have a shot of actually "changing your mind" instead of popping up on a street corner. Come to USC and I'll gladly change it for you
Never heard anyone speak English with a glottal stop at the end of their sentences. The guy from New Mexico was against the wall unknowingly is for it as Steve exposed him.
U talked to a crazy lady and a guy with Down syndrome
BUILD THE WALL WITH YOUR ASS BITCH...my cheeks dont have that kind of muscle my guy
An x-ray scanner as you cross the US Mexican Border, maaaan we are peasants in 2018 while he's in the 2050s for god's sake.
was I just called a cheap prick for only watching him on YouTube???
because honey if this is the quality of your content I'm not spending my money on more. 
byeeee
This one sucks. I like to watch videos where the argument is somewhat good. This guy just shot hot air out of his mouth to say nothing.
Anyone else getting tired of this guy? Dude is not open to having his mind changed lol
Lmao. When that guy was right about the drug war, you had to get him out of there.
Watch Larken Rose debate Lauren Southern regarding immigration and the wall. Great debate!
Penn & Teller Bullsh!t do a great job in dismantling the wall argument.
i think you should do the wall thing again but with smarter people
You should pay for it. Build a wall that won't work.... what a douche
Skip to 13:14 and watch till 13:18 for a summary of the video for those who haven't watched it yet.
6:14 Non-citzens do commit a few crimes at a higher rate than citizens, but to just say "crimes" in general is not accurate at all. Murder, manslaughter, sex abuse, robbery, assault, drug trafficking, breaking and entering, and auto theft are all far more likely to be committed by U.S. citizens. Are non-citizens committing a disproportionate amount of crime given what a small percentage of the county they make up? In some categories possibly yes, but the narrative that non-citizens are committing more crimes than citizens is false in almost every category of crime. Don't believe me? Look it up yourself. https://isb.ussc.gov/Login
That guy is high af. Good luck with being a governor retard
Oh man, one thing I never get tired of is Trump Derangement Syndrome. Most people think it's beyond annoying because people flip shit about every little thing Trump does, says, or enforces regardless of who actually started the policy, but I think it's hilarious. These  hecklers are just amusing to me. I know it's cliched to say this at this point but it is reality: these people seem absolutely incapable forming fact based, logically sound arguments. It's always high emotion and vitriol. 

Yes, I do have a dark sense of humor, I know.
x ray border lol, more free flowing lol.  ummmm How about just a wall.
This is complete bullshit and should be called Ill try and change your mind
He wants to put a chip in them?
Come on, Steven. Find better people to interview.....
That dude was so disoriented the whole conversation.
You're a disingenuous joke.  Of course you'll get silly responses when you pick and choose which conversations you air.  Also, why not debate people who could also prepare for the debate on the matter ahead of time?  You know... like most debates.  You go for the easiest targets like a coward...random people passing by who didn't know this topic was about to be debated.  Not to mention you're not actually interested in having your mind changed, you just put on an open-minded act.  It's pathetic.  Even when the other person has you in a corner you just change the subject and squirrel away.
Building an actual physical wall is nonsense. The money could be use to create better anti illegal inmigrations projects with the region neighbors. Joint efforts where everyone wins. Most inmigrants do it because they want to work and get fairly paid. So there could be a program between countries where they can offer qualified worker for a season. The US company will be in charge of salary and safety of the worker. And the worker will abaid to the laws and taxation of the US. At the same time the country of origin of the worker will be in charge of the insurance and mobilization of the workers. In that way everyone wins. The employer gets the job done. The US Gov receive Tax and money flows in to the US economy, plus the employer nor the US gov has to carry with social security expenses. The origin country receive tax, and money flows in to the local economy and the inmigrats has the incentive to safely go to work and return to their family and culture... then again An actual wall would be as effective as a trench or razor wire or a canal full of sharks with "lazer" beam attached to their freaking heads without mentioning , waaay more expensive.
Who programs the illegals into this giant X-ray system? Does everyone south of the border just get programmed at birth to enter the US illegally?
Felt kinda sorry for the first lady
This dude from New Mexico is describing some serious big brother shit 
Trump is better than Hillary-
Change My Mind.
Guy is born in the US and has such a thick accent? He is clueless about what is going on. 3% of population (illegal aliens) commit 40% of the murders and he said yes but who sells the drugs? Us citizens!
Do the people who sit down realize how STUPID they are?
Source on illegal immigrants being responsible for 60-70% of drug trafficking, 30-40% of homicides, etc? Genuinely interested. I had no idea it was that high.
dumbass
I'm embarrassed for the guy in the white shirt.   Steven you need to get more intellectual people to talk to you about this subject.
Sad how most young people are so stupid and inarticulate. It hurts my brain.
I love your show and agree with you on pretty much everything but I disagree on this one a physical wall will not stop the bad illegal immigrants from coming over most of them fly over I think that what  the spanish guy was saying is right in the sense of make it easier to come here and work but what he was saying is a wall a digital wall so he is not right but back to my point make it easier to come and work but ship your ass home no camps and stuff just you dont be long here goodbye but a physical wall is not going to stop the cartels and the real problem people they have the money to bypass a wall

1. Being born within U.S borders alone should not make you a citizen. I believe you should need at least one parent who is a citizen currently living within the country AND to also be born on U.S soil.

2. Illegally migrating to this country should be considered a felony and the punishment should be a few years jail time before being deported. If you overstay your visa by a period of 24 hours (with exceptions for certain emergencies) there should be enforced deportation and if you resist then they should classify that as illegal migration with the same punishments. 


If you think these policies are bad then Change my mind...
Money don't grow from tree. An illegal doesn't come to the States with a billion dollar in their pocket and just waiting for someone to tax it.
Lets build an xray wall AAAA?  Have you seen my bong man?
whar are the actual statistics of people illegally crossing to United States by foot through the Mexican frontier?
Now that's one dumb Spaniard...
Dont a majority of illegal immigrants come in on planes legally and just overstay their visas? Fence hoppers are a much lower percentage and building and maintaining a multi billion dollar wall along 1 country seems like it would cost more than its worth. Im not in favor of illegal immigration but a wall is an objectively childish idea.
wth is wrong with that Spanish dude. He's like ignorant in an adorable, terrifying way.
When you build a wall around where you live, then you're now in a prison, if you cannot leave without going through a checkpoint controlled by other people correct? Those people can say yes, or no to your leaving. That's not a human right, but a priviledge given to slave to travel by slave masters. A visa is a slave pass historically. Look it up. So is a mastercard. Think about it. See jahtruth.net
jah truth dot net
Videos on youtube under the same title
His face at the end really summed everything up 
Hahahahaha
Hes trying 
I do like how you always show the really nice people who just disagree as well with the morons. Instead of doing what liberal news does saying "here is your typical trump supporter" and interviewing some hillbillies from the deliverance
Soo like an RFID chip? As you cross the border through a gate. Which gate. Is there a wall between these gates? Will people accept the chip or is there facial recognition tech involved and RFID snipers at the gate for runners? The first lady was actually scared but didn't want to publically agree out of fear. What does that tell you
He said that we could tax illegal immigrants?
Steven Crowder - "Lets go ask uninformed people about a pressing topic" 
Also Steven Crowder - " I'm going to sound more educated for doing this."
I'm Mexican, against the idea of a wall and even the dude in white made me facepalm.
Steven I'm from Australia. I won't pretend to understand the complexity of the American constitution and legal red tape surrounding political issues of the day, however I truly respect your process on issues. There are tons of people who will always be for and against but the majority of those sides aren't informed, aren't educated and don't have the opportunities to all the information relevant, your views are your own but your willingness to be corrected or mind changed on issues using relevant data is a fantastic way to get people talking. That's what reform is about, talking not yelling. Debating not arguing. Kudos.

From Australia. 
LOL Crowder's face at the end.  Yeah.  Maybe some Star Wars sheet mang with scanners and light sabers.
Let's just chip everyone on Earth and get it over with. It's both a feasible and realistic goal to have and totally not a violation of peoples privacy.
Oh and checkpoints without a wall where you get in with an x-ray scanner and a note. Offering free radiation will totally get them to obey the law.
There are much more pressing matters that need federal money than a physical wall between the two countries. For one, there needs to be education to all as to why illegal immigration happens in the first place to everyone involved.
Even though the border, and immigration reform is logical. We are forgetting the human side of this. We are forgetting that these are people with families. Steven Crowder is an ass that doesn't actually wants his mind to be changed. The show is fake. Crowder is fake. STROKE MY EGO CROWDER.
2nd guy is retarded, legal or illegal everyone pays taxes
Steven Crowder is a Trump talking head that is not even a REAL AMERICAN.What a shill. Where is YUSEF?!
She seems to think that there is no door to go back and forth
Holy hell i was kinda hoping someone would put up at least a decent argument.
Damn man this is a serious question for us Americans. While I dont believe in building a wall, illegal immigration causes more problems than it solves.

No borders would be nice but this isnt a utopian society. We have far too many violent and mentally ill people on this planet to just let humans travel freely. It would be nice if everyone was peaceful and accepting of one another but that will never happen. Evil will always surface somewhere and gather like minded or influenceable followers.
People who say they think we should have no boarders are ACTUAL idiots
Immigration is complex, the problems that lead to individuals immigrating to any country are complex problems deeply rooted in government corruption and violence. A wall to my opinion is too simple and stupid of a solution to actually do anything. It is an insult to a country that is supposedly an ally to be treated like a pest or like unwanted animals. Dialogue and addressing the problems in both sides of the border will secure both countries and make illegal immigration less likely to take place. Sitting down and recognizing the fact that both sides have a responsibility in this issue  and creating strategies together will do so much more than building a fence or a wall or a crocodile pit at the border. I usually agree with many of the arguments presented by this dude. But this one you're so wrong. A wall separates and no matter who or what it is separation will always bring weakness and uncertainty.
So pretty much Mr. White T shirt sums up liberals as a whole
"O'er the land of the free and the home of the brave?"
I don't know what happened to America. I don't know why people are selfish and think the way they do. Some illegal immigrants have been physically and mentally abused. Some even starve to death. It isn't just in NK but also in Mexico. Why can't we open the doors for the incidents who want a new life? Not everyone is a criminal. We have opportunity that other don't in their foreign country. Wouldn't it be right to save them from their poverty and give them a chance? Building a wall would cause thousands of Hispanics despair. Not EVERYbody from Mexico is a legitimate criminal. I know people who walked across deserts to live here freely. We're all technically immigrants. This land originally belonged to the natives. Which made whites/Europeans some of the first criminals in this nation. I'm not attacking any ethnicity. It's selfish not wanting to help anybody live a better life. Now change my mind.
Germany built a wall .  I'd like to hear Mr. Crowder's opinion on how well that worked out for Germany, what the current status of the wall in Germany is today, and how he thinks building a wall between other nations is going to improve relations between America and the country in question and whether it will be an overall improvement to the current situation.

Now, as I've stated many times, it's impossible to change a person's mind. I know Steven Crowder will never change his opinion on this or any other subject, regardless of the argument presented, so I'm really speaking to the people who are undecided on this issue.
If the media would tell the Whole truth about the border;  comman folk, on both sides, would unite as one  
It seems so strange to me that the majority of people do not deny the reality that politicians and msm (on both sides) are all under the same thumb, in the same pocket...and yet,  most people wont even stop to consider the possability that the narritive ON BOTH SIDES is engineered for psycological intents and purposes. 
The border needs to be secured yes. 
But the problem with human trafficking and drug trafficking is Far more comprehensive and CO OPERATIVE (with u.s. agencies & ngos, etc)  then any politician or msm outlet will Ever let on.    
If they told us the truth...we'd be haveing a VERY DIFFERENT CONVERSATION. 
But those who are in power-  their power is contingent upon controll... Controll is contingent upon mass manipulation.   

STOP BEING MANIPULATED
Can we put the wall in the ocean?  (Jk even though he's talking like a fool, I give props to that dude for sitting down and spending some time talking about the situation rather than sliding by like a lazy bum pretending to care about issues and caring only for his own popularity and well-being.)
The guy with the backpack is a fucking retard.
my god... no words for this dude. I just cannot understand him. (spanish dude)
lol blurrs her face... keeps her face on her neck card
Pretty interesting episode.
we are not a country if you do not have boarders
I believe there shouldn't be a wall because trump said he'd make the mexicans pay for it but that could start a war. Even though we would win, we would be more susceptible to attacks from other countries (north korea)
Man, those statistics are totally bunk. Multiple studies have shown that undocumented immigrants do not commit crimes at levels relative to the US native more population, whether it be homocides or drug trafficking, etc. That really makes this "Change My Mind" disingenuous.
"Borders will be a thing of the past" I hope I die before I see the day.

The wall is a colossal waste of money, time, and effort. The majority of illegal Mexicans in the U.S. come here on work visas or other legal ways and overstay. The wall wouldn't do shit.
It's to expensive
Man, that Spanish guy is a fucking moron.
Mental note- do not set up your table in front a bar next time...
Trump lies constantly. Change my mind
That was funny? Governor? Good luck how about governing your opinion first before going public with it!?
I hope this guy don't ever run for anything in New Mexico I live here in New Mexico and man this guy xray tag wtf build the wall and put him over it plz Lord help new mexico
Oh...my...god.  That was fantastic.  I WTF'd so many times listening to that guy blab on.  Steven, change the video title to "Build The Wall | Change My Mind rough draft" and do this again somewhere else.
Build the wall so we can keep the americans out of mexico.
Yo fuck face do a video on the tariff  btw I like your video but I hate trump and O Canada 
The first male to speak is basically implying for governments to be inside of your bedrooms, hand them your rights at that point. Wouldn't be surprised if he said "Rights? Oh that's a thing of the past."
electronic xray ID gates without a wall
A 3000 mile long X-Ray machine that magically inserts tracking chips as you pass through  .. Wow, how come I didn't think of that .. So he's going to meet up with his Scientists and get back to us? .. This is amazing .. we are all saved ..
It blows my mind that not a single person that sits down at these asks exactly what Steven's thoughts are on the subject. How can you change someone's mind if you don't know what is on their mind???
Jesus that Spanish guy from New Mexico made my head hurt...

Yes to boarder wall with help of modern technology!
Have a drone hub (1-2 drones where they charge and can be activated remotely by pilots) a few miles apart from each other to span the boarder. Have it managed by personal Boarder agents and computer to detect motion on the boarder, if motion or visual (IR, normal camera) conformation is accomplished have a patrol go out and round them up with the drone tracking their movement. When illegals are processed, the drone footage along with body cams and reports are the evidence provided. We can keep agents safer and have it done cheaper with the technology at present. Agents can monitor from a far and report to patrols in the area what to expect (weapons, drugs, children etc) and respond accordingly and have more information to go off of. Maintenance will be cheaper and can adapted to new technological advances in the future. You could even lay down an "invisible" wall of motion sensors which trigger an alert that the Agents can respond to with the drone before dispatching a patrol.
What the hell was that?. Some ideas are better kept to yourself
Wow, that second dude taping was an idiot!!!
Yes,build the wall,when most of your illegal immigrants came by plane and overstayed their visa..coz walls keep planes out..
LOL that second guy is a pure Democrat...Just tax them!
Spanish kid did a good job describing legal immigration and then went full dystopian 
Go for it, bud. New Mexico governor all the way. Clearly you've got this.
I go to the University of Texas at Austin and as a young conservative I feel the hate represented in this video often. For the party that preaches tolerance and acceptance, liberals sure do have a bad way of showing it to those who disagree with them. Keep up the great work Steven, wish I could have been there.
i am a cheap prick and i support ya'll paying this great man thank you! : D
Boy & Bear!
Not sure whats hard to understand about the white shirt guy, yea he rambles but his points are still pretty clear.
Translation: 
-Americans are buying the drugs and creating a market, so the blame for the drug trade does not fall soley on the suppliers.
-Society will eventually reach a point where borders are no longer acknowledged as being a deeply important necessity to divide governmental systems.
-Everyone should have tracking devices in them that can be scanned remotely to keep track of peoples positions and habits.
I got brain damage listening to that guy from New Mexico... (literally they are turning into a NEW Mexico!) Ugh
why does that white shirt guy sound Italian?
Do one about drugs
Most immigrants dont even come into the country on foot complete waste of money
Blurs entire face
leaves ID card alone
last guy is hilarious
How can someone like that X-Ray guy survive in this world?
Lmao @ all the fucking retards that thing the wall would work
Derrrr I'm a liberal DERRRRR I need the news to make up my own mind and opinion DERRRRR.
What is the second guy talking about?
He's been thinking for 3 years with his master mind pals and he came up with a fuckin x ray wall? What's more expensive a stone wall or delicate science equipment lmao
The stats prove we need better security.. it's just fucking fact,  and tax them??  37% OF HOMCIDES  from illegals and you want to Tax them?  Buddy fucking leave is called PROTECTION not fucking money crisis
I think this guy is enforcing mark of the beast??? At the same time,  I really think, he thinks,  that he thinks right lol
FLAT EARTH
Who would watch Leroy's podcast
Steven Crowder prays on people who are uneducated in politics. Try going up against someone who understands the issues
He is gunna be governor of New Mexico lol god help them
FLAT EARTH
I mean- I wouldnt pay taxes too... Theyre onto something!
This guy is missing a few brain cells
That first woman was awesome...turn those illegals in!
The guy with the white shirt and little camera must love Brawndo......cuz it has electrolytes.
Portpass makes more sense than passport - change my mind
dude in the white shirt if fucking out there man. focus on a thought, fucking tweeker.
All hard drugs come thru the Mexican border. More or less
The next governor with all the scientifical expertise  to take on immigration and the X-ray wall. Its good to know the future is in competent hands.
Leroy Was Painful To Listen To And Im Sad Hes The Voice of NM. Im not supportive of the host but leroy sounds as stupid as he looks
Ghetto trypical
u suck dude
The second guy is becoming more and more prevalent.  People in this country spend too much time on social media, watching television, and movies.  All of his ideas are fantasy land.  So many stupid people in this country... so many.
If the Mexicans hate their country so much why not band together against their corrupt government instead of cowering over to the U.S.?
Did the guy in the white shirt say scientifical? 
If there was a wall then no families would have been separated.  Build that wall!! Keep families together!!
Is the New Mexico guy possibly the most dumb, and clueless person in his state?
an xray border? BWAHAHAHAHAHA
So a wall is bad. Mark of the beast chips in everyone is ok. ?   Right.
holy crap that kid is clueless af
Born here I dont pay taxes. But then I know shit  like truth.
I just lost brain cells listening to this guy from New Mexico.
No when the wall ya up. It will not get worse. Thats the point.
Make them pass the test somehow. . ? So let them get a free pass.  So they can pass taxes. So what America is just a whore fir illegals to have their way with.  Fucking beaner fuck offf. Your family been here fir hundreds of years and you speak English like every other first generation  idiot
News flash literally all meth comes from Mexico
3.5% of the population commit 37% of the homicides... what? What is the source?
Illegal immigration undermines national sovereignty. Change my mind.
10:35 I'm getting a big brother-lover vibe from this guy.
This guy seems awfully nice and good hearted, but holy crap he has some terrible ideas lol.
Any time someone talks about electronically tagging people, the hairs on the back of my neck stand up in a bad way...
Shouldve been done on college campus like the rest where generally students are educated on the matter and can give good arguments
Well The New World Order's propaganda is working. Dude is begging to be enslaved. These people are foreign invaders. Their puppet masters are traitors.
Any source on 36% stat?
I think what you also don't understand is that legal immigrants are still treated like shit in this country, and people paranoid over the Scary Illegals tend to assume that everybody foreign "might" be an illegal, and act hostile toward them anyway.
Well, I have a "controversial opinion" for you:

Immigration here illegally is no more harmful than jaywalking. It's a victimless crime breaking a trivial rule we take too seriously, and when we find an "illegal," our only course of action should, at most, be a fine, like a traffic ticket, until they get their documentation in order, and we should be providing them an easy, direct avenue to do so.

Instead, we have a system so convoluted that even people born and raised here for decades have difficulty figuring it out or passing the citizenship exams when tested. Resources are inadequate, red tape too thick, and it's all too easy to LOSE legal status on top of it. In fact the most common "illegal" is someone who came here on a work visa and was stranded.

Illegal immigrants still pay taxes like the rest of us if they pay for any services or get any kind of job, but they don't get the same refunds back or benefits, so they actually pay even more than we do and are already being "punished" enough for their " " " crime " " ".

The image of people sneaking in to do mischief is a cartoonish stereotype that seldom applies to reality, and if they want to live here, they should only be helped along, not treated like animals.
i'M sPaNIsH lol 
change my mind:Pro trump
I like how he only is able to debate against people that are not subject matter experts or very educated in general.
Get to the point, Leeroy............
Holy shit!!! Im Mexican and I dont know if that guy was trying to help the situation with the wall but I say build that wall so bad immigrants dont come in!! Theres bad people in every culture whites blacks whatever the problem will always be there Im just curious when that Wall is finally built what everyone is going to do when the problems of drugs and rape and murder are still a problem who is everyone going to blame next? Right now its Mexican people whos next?
Im not African American im just American, change my mind.
With regards to american corporations, ceo's and rich people in general not paying taxes or disproportionate taxes through loopholes..... Should we deport them too? 1 corporation's taxes is the equivalent of 100s of 1000s low income contributors combined.
That "Spanish" dude doesn't seem to realize that his X-Ray project would most likely cost a lot more money than a freaking wall. 

Why are people so offended by the wall when at the same time they do believe in some type of border control?  It doesn't make any sense.  How about we see how effective the Wall is first.
Yeah, tax people without jobs.
That's not how X-Rays work...
Planes exists. And half of immigrants come here from Mexico by plane (not commercial flight dumbasses so dont even)..... so... yeah... that part.
THIS is the reason to change your mind : https://youtu.be/qB5gL9LUKvM
3.5% of the population(illegal immigrants) account for 37% of the murders in the country? Did I hear that right?
most people that are against the wall don't even know what "illegal" means, start from the foundation and try to explain them what "illegal" means, its very clear they don't understand the difference between coming to america legally and illegally.
All I want to know is how many peyote buttons and or psilocybin mushrooms the first "Spanish" guy had eaten before he sat at your table. He sounds like he graduated from Chuck the Schmuck Schumer's school of  Moonbat theology!
I'm super embarrassed to be a Latino now lol.
Wow, I think my IQ has gone down after listening to the second guy.
Could you try and find dumber people... Perhaps the Down Syndrome and motorcycle accident victims? HOLY SHNIKE... these people are literally the best argument THAT ALL IMMIGRATION from the Southern border should stop. My favorite is the "Im Spanish not Mexican" guy who is an obvuos Mestizo but claiming his Spanish ancestors were in the South West in the 15th century? Dumb and not exactly a historian either
This dude....is one of the legal immigrants that deal drugs. Jesus fucking hell....HE NEEDS TO CALM DOWN-UH AND THINK ABOUT WHAT HE IS SAYING-UH.
I'm kind of against the wall just because it heavily affects the habitats of many many animals. Why can't we just kill them?
I feel dumber after listening to Leroy nothing he said made one bit of sense may god have mercy on your soul... good job crowder
Build the X-Ray wall!
No borders in 5-10 years bull fucking shit
Borders are going to become a thing of the pastuh.  People are gonna be able to travel super fastuh.
Put some actually well versed liberals or just non partisan moderates in front of this guy and if he is open his mind will be changed
So if illegal immigrants commit 37% of homicides, and blacks commit 50%, are you telling me that legal immigrants, Asians, whites, muslims etc are all combined for 13% of homicides? That doesn't add up
Pretty sure that the tech that can scan things isnt fucking x-ray technology
The guy with the white shirt thinks that anyone who crosses the border should be granted citizenship. A social security number. So basically, this dude is saying that the US shouldnt have borders or regulations at all and anyone from anywhere can simply dump their families into this mushy pool that the left has created? Are you fucking kidding me? A country without borders isnt a country at all. Why should illegals be able to skip the line and not have to wait their turn while wholesome, law abiding alien individuals wait years to become citizens. If undocumented immigrants already break the law by simply walking in, do you think that theyre going to obey the law when theyre already in here?

Governor of New Mexico? Someone dump him in the middle of the Pacific Ocean thx.
at 9:57. give em an electronic tag, what are you thinking Leroy? These criminals are like ducks or dolphins, where scientists tag, bag, and release into the wild to monitor. Maybe you would make better sense if you didn't talk as if you just stepped out of the movie Idiocracy.
Aww... I was looking forward to this when I put it in my watch later.. There was nothing here :(   But that face at the end was priceless! omg..
Hahaha! Stevens expression is the exact expression I would have had, accept with the addition of me mouthing "WTF"
This problem has already passed. Now if youll excuse me, I have to return to my memes.
Why dont we just take Mexico and then we wont have to worry about that shit no more
That boy said he plans to be the governor of new mexico but he cant even form rational thoughts and doesnt understand that people willing to enter the country ILLEGALY will still find a way to do so, even more easily, with open borders. His "xray" border sounds ridiculous.
Does Steven have security with him? Some of these places he travels to can be very hostile to non-liberals.
I just took  a shit with a higher IQ than Leroy
8:04 what about the sex offenders, criminals, psychopaths, human traffickers, child abusers and sadists amonst the UNDOCUMENTED!
37% of homicides committed by illegal immigrants?  Can't be.  Most homicides are concentrated in the African American community.  That'd mean that virtually all others are committed by illegals.  Can't be.  Research this, and offer a correction.
I like how her face is blurred but not her name tag with her photo.
The guy in the white shirt , I couldnt listen to this guy. All I heard was waaaa waaaa waaaaa, he cant fuckjng talk. Make a point!!!
Steven, I think you should try this topic again in a different location. Texas might seem like the best place, but you might get more of a response if you went somewhere like NYC where the Latino population may be bigger. Lots of activists there, so tread softly (for yourself, not them), but I know people there won't be afraid to talk to you. 

It's a strong topic to discuss, especially given the woman who sat down to speak about what's going on in her own neighborhood and is too afraid to report it. I really feel for her, I used to work with families who lived in the projects and were too afraid to report the suspicious activities going on there out of fear of being deported themselves. They just wantto be safe while they sort their own lives out.
Im crying  if you type in go green global on instagram it comes up with Leeroys page and he sells weed
Whats with the water bottle plant thing?
Don't build a wall, I'm not American but that's gonna cost you a fortune and it's gonna be paid for using tax money. It's not worth it.
I think I saw a clone of you in Makarska, Croatia a few days ago.
Build the wall
More change my mind please
dude she is NOT Pixelated enough.
if I knew this woman I could recognize her on the street
She's in a box now
This guy speaks like he never went to school " like hes a valley guy or something!"  Do people really believe the liberal lies. This is truly surprising, what he describes is exactly what will be happening in the near future.  When it does, this guy will wonder how he got to where he will be when it is happening to him.  Surprising that they think all this technology will solve the issues of being responsible to the creator for your own actions. No one else except you is responsible for you!  If you can't do the time, then do not do the crime!  The crime against the creator will be handled by him in the next life and it will be directly a result of our own actions here.  Our responsibility is ours.  We own our own mistakes, no one else!  There are a multitude (65 to be exact ref: Daily Mail) of countries that have walls on their borders.  Because they work!  There will be more!  The reason is simple the world leader who ever and whatever that means, will need control! there is only one way to control, check points through walls!  The problem is that the creator said that we should "live as free men". taking responsibility for our own actions.  My heart breaks for the people who are threatened with violence by the illegals.  Fight back for your, the legal immigrant rights!  don't let them win by default!
That kid makes me want to build the wall and I'm Mexican lol
Building the wall to the specifications Trump wants will take years, more than he will be in office for. It will take a lot of tax payer money to build and a lot of workers who will  more than likely be Mexican. Making the infrastructure better and having more border patrols would bring the number of illegal immigrants getting into the us lower. As well as regularly scanning for tunnels being dug to transport drugs or people in.
Support building a wall and end illegal immigration or support human trafficking. Obama made his choice. He placed kids with human traffickers. https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/did-obama-administration-children-human-traffickers/
Just two quotes from this guy. "I don't know I plan on being the Governor of New Mexico one day." :D and Just get some mastermind planers and they would figure it out. :D His plan for illeagal immigration is to make the immigrants legal and when you ask him how do we do that just some masterminds will figure it out :D:D:D:D
But Americans are the primary consumers of these drugs these undocumented immigrants are bringing in
Guy in the white shirt is completely retarded! Change my mind.
. Lmao
Ah the left, they might agree that there is a problem, but they will never offer a plausible solution <3
My daughter married a "dreamer". His whole family-  mom, dad, brother, sisters- are illegal aliens and are on welfare. They pay no taxes. Don't believe me? Watch: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lq4WBOkFNtE
Gringo is living in the future, hollup he on crack
This guy is a nut. He's talking about some dystopian Nazi American with x-ray borders and electronic chips to ID people. He wants to be a governor . . . 
 WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW
Wage gap is a myth change my mind
I THINK EVERYONE SHOULD TAKE THE FRONT DOORS OF THERE HOMES ..
The white shirted guy makes me cringe
Sure a wall would be great, but whos gonna pay for the wall? Mexico? 
If this guy has 3 years of developed thoughts then omg ...
It's not interesting when uneducated people think they know what they're talking about.
Steven - can I ask you something? What is the point of doing what you do, for real? I feel like all you ever do is breed negative energy and turn people against each other. You love the attention and you adore ridiculing all the people that have opposing viewpoints. nothing good ever comes out of these stupid conversations. Maybe instead of turning people against each other and spreading hate, how about you invest your time in something that gives you purpose? Talk about mental illness within the homeless community. Talk about sex trafficking. Talk about child hunger. Talk about issues that matter. And spread love instead of hate. You have a platform where you can share your voice about things that matter. Consider doing so. Find your purpose..
"Electronic I.D. tag"... this dude just said we should chip illegals like dogs.. lol
maybe get one educated well spoken person to debate you on things instead of very obviously oblivious people lmao its not fair that you come at this with research and all this shit and only argue with people talking out their ass. you rely on people making emotive arguments
Does this count as a podcast?
that second guy looks high.
I wonder how healthy my testicles would be if I walked over the X-ray border everyday lol
Maybe Mexico will pay and build the X-ray border
X-ray Border.....
The poor guy in the white shirt is high AF!!!!!
I'm moved to El Paso Texas. So many people here claim to be Spanish so they don't have to say there Mexican cause you get harrased for being Mexican. I seen it too many times.
laser ray borders?
Can we get a #2 and possibly #3 to this?
Build the wall with your ass bitch!!! 
Fucking DUMB Mexicans. No solutions, just money = great, wall = bad
Have had ha ha, I'm not scientifical  but I want to be the governor and develop an x-ray border, where people go through scanners THAT TRACKS their  movements?
The dude wants the 300mil law-abiding tax paying Americans to be frequently x-ray scanned rather than securing the border?? K den
"Change my mind" Drive by yelling
I'm sure I lost brain cells listening to that second dude.
To me it is a little unfair how people can come into America illegally and all when my mom came here legally and work hard to get be a citizen it took her rent years in and out of court to become a citizen.
What a wall gunna do when they can just go over or under it? They been flying over and digging under since the beginning.
I'm Honduran, and I support this, build the wall.
How do you sit down to have an intelligent conversation and fuck it up? Thanks fake Mexican.
Wow fuckn morons! 
Where can I find the statistics on homicides, violent crimes, and drug trafficing?
..i'm sure that the government brings in the majority of the drugs but they wouldn't include that in the stats
Most people lock their doors and a lot of property owners have fences (with gates) around their property.  I simply don't understand what's so wrong with doing the same thing around our country and making sure we know who is coming in.  No one is saying stop all immigration, I realize that's what is being said by the vast majority of media, but it simply is not the case.
The border wall is a bad idea... because walls are hard to maintain, and a lot of the border doesn't have good foundations for a wall.  I propose a system of sensitive seismographs that can pick up digging underground, with drones with infrared cameras in the skies.  Those alert border patrol agents to the presence and size of groups crossing the border.  Tunnels, we drill into and drop some high explosives into to collapse them.  Hope there are no people in them at the time, but they should know the risks.

Basically, a wall is old technology and we can do better these days.
well the last guy wants a doorway for electronic id cards but with no wall I am not sure why they just wouldn't walk around the doorway lol. I just don't get these people that want our country flooded with people. If we keep just letting in everyone that wants to come in we will become a third world country because there won't be enough jobs and money to go around. We would have to support a ton of people that don't have jobs. Wonder if the liberals keep the doors unlocked in their house with a "everyone is welcome to come in" sign
FUCK ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS SEND THEM BACK TO THEIR SHITHOLE THEY ARE SO PROUD OF
2.7k BEWBS disliked this. BUILD THE WALL, Deport the roaches
Lol an X-ray border
I'll change your mind. The wall is too expensive to build ($70 billion) and to maintain ($150 million a year). You're better off increasing security at the border. Deportation is also expensive ($400-600 billion). Your immigration plan will cost a lot of money.
Spanish guy..."just tax themand it will make the country more money?"

Ok so you need to work to be taxed if you made all the illegal immigrants legal immigrants then it's going to be harder for the average person to get a job which means they're there gonna live off the dole or benefits (whatever you call living of the workers tax money in America) and it's going to cost your economy more and more money
Having more of something is never a good thing because it just adds to the problem and it loses its worth this is simple politics this kid hasn't a F'n clue
DEALINNG WITN NAZI FOOLS THE WALL KEEPS CRIMIANLS OUT OF THE USA LET MEXCIO KEEP THERE CRIMINALS. NOW MEXICO IS GIVING USA THERE CRIMINALS THAT IAVE TO STOP BECUASE MEXICAN CRIMINALS ARE KILLING AMERICANSTHE LAW HAVE TO BE ENFORCED. ICE POLICE GOT TO DO THERE JOB. ICE POLICEJOB IS TO TPROTECT US AMERICAN CITIZENS FROM CRIMINALS FROM EMXICO AND ANY PLAY ELSE FOR THAT MATER.. THE WALL IS GOING TO BE BUILD.THIS NAZI FOLL CAN SCREAM ALL SHE FUCKING WROINGS HOW SHE HATES THE FUCKING WALL.. ITS GOING TO BE BUILD So no mater want the law will be enforced have enough killings enough is enough the people voted Trump on 2016 Trump is not going to be impeached. if you hate President Trump you can leave America. go to MEXICO see how MEXICO as it is. Do not come back.,
....x-ray ID? you mean RFID chips?
Try again, I want to hear you actually discuss this
Hey @StevenCrowder just want to say love the vids but I just got a question where do u get ur info and could u drop links in possible upcoming vids? Btw I support the right so comment section dont go crazy lol
Most illegal immigrants come via airplane
Please do one on Flat Earth please!


Flat Earth isn't real, change my mind!
An X-ray border? Are you out of your goddamn mind?!
Its funny how you fuzzed out her face but not her ID card!
Scientifical
That face a the end though...
Only 13 minutes? Geez... Can they be an hour again?
Leroy, the guy proposing an X-Ray border, is pro-pot... I wonder if he smokes any...
I love how they dont want a simple concrete and metal wall, but even more invasive xray boarders lmao! But still against a wall.. logic fail..
wow....this guy just makes out point for us....lol thanks
Liberals are against building the wall not because they really hate the idea of building a wall but because it's Donald Trump's idea. That's why when Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton said we should keep those illegal aliens out and reinforce our border, liberals didn't give a shit.

If Donald Trump said we must not build the wall then liberals would be mad that he's not building a wall. When Trump lowered taxes liberals get pissed and say that he's hurting the middle class and benefiting the rich. But If Donald Trump raised taxes liberals would've said that he's trying to take away our money.
This guy is a genuis.

Step #1 Implant electrical chips or slap barcode tattoos on every single Mexican (since you don't know which ones will illegally pass the border).

Step #2 Create an 'x-ray' machine that is almost 2,000 miles across. Along with being able to scan the air and surrounding waters.

Step #3 Invent a process to work out if they're working or simply there to sell drugs. Maybe the electronic chip can count calories expended like a Fitbit. High calories expended = probably working. So tax them based on calories expended.

Step #4 ???

Step #5 Profit. Also, this will also stop people bringing drugs across the border because... reasons.



LOL.I just... I can't....hahahaha. Democrat voters uncovered.
If we do not stop the influx of illegals this country will flounder!
Im not Mexican Im  Spanish......POS
This was hard to watch
The second guy is so stupid, is like a 5-year-old boy speaking about his imaginary ideas
That1st woman is RETARDED. Bravo liberals...
Build a fuckin catapult and trebuchet and sling shot these mexicans back home
x-ray border?! who the fuck is this idiot?
Do a 2nd edition in a serious left-wing area.
The vast majority of illegal immigrants arrive via airplane. The vast majority arent from Mexico. A wall would create more of a financial burden than it could  prevent.
1..determine what your stance is on a subject, 2.. passionately defend it,  3... start to think of some reason why you have taken your stance. If the facts of your argument don't coincide with your passionate "belief", then just ramble about nonsense. Welcome to today's America. I want the border wide open...But my mind is slammed shut!
Illegal is illegal. Is that so hard to learn?
woooooow.  that young man has the tenacity but is just barely scratching the surface.  hopefully he will dig deep enough to realise his previous statements were wildly off and understands how this all pans out realistically.
This is why we need more border security, so we can stop wasting money on illegals year after year and start educating these daft people.
Hey Steven. You always engage with people that either berate you or do NOT challenge you at all. It's boring. Has anyone actually managed to change your mind? Because if they haven't, what's the point to this exercise. I'd love to debate you
Wtf?! An X-Ray wall? Who's going to fund that? A highly expensive, highly radioactive, fake wall that can't do jack shit to pick up someone's ID? Do these people even think?
God is NOT REAL. Change my mind
These discussions expose the monumental ignorance of people in this country. They all have strong opinions, but absolutely no understanding of the issues.
A "drone wall" would be cheaper and more efficient, a structural wall equals bloated socialism for border control. Most illegal immigration happens at 30,000ft with a plane ticket, Trumps wall is not 30,000ft tall. 25 billion dollars to curb a net zero influx is a waste of resources...there are more reasons but your willfully ignorant so whats it matter?
How high was this first guy lmfao
You guys really think it would just be a bland wall with no technology or though behind it?? Lol
4:22 "We might find some areas where we disagree verses areas where we disagree" LOL =^)
Liberal here. You can have the wall if you give us DACA. Deal?

If you think the wall will secure the border, fine, build it. It's a one-time cost (plus a little maintenance). No big deal. But you can't just say to those who have been here for 30-40 years "Oops lol, we really shouldn't have let you come in or stay that long, but now you've got a job and family and future here, you have to go. My bad."

The issue of dreamers and illegal parents of citizens will not go away without some kind of action, and the solution cannot be to split up children from parents, or to punish people 30 years after they (or their parents) broke the law. America caused this problem, now it must own it.

Make a path to citizenship. It doesn't have to be easy  make it take 10 years, and requiring proof of loyalty, dedication to learning English, and learning the structure of American government etc. But there needs to be a secure future in sight. You can't have entire generations being raised in a permanent limbo with the threat of deportation happening at any time  that's not good for those families or the society they live in.
While the thousand mile X-Ray border is monitoring them, they could use a matter transporter device to beam the ones without a note back to Mexico.
10:18 You're gonna need a white man's brain to figure out that you need to have a fucking border where  you can check their "electronic" ID.
White t shirt guy is dumb as a rock! My 5 year old could talk more intelligent than him wtf
I believe like Reagan believed: tear down that wall. I also believe that the world is getting away from borders and towards global citizenship. This is a good thing
A true Marxist! More people to tax! Yay!
The propaganda has fried people's brain.
jesus christ that lady in the beginning is fucking retarded.
My only problem with the idea of the Wall is it tackles immigration wrong. Put money into border control, upgrade check points, hire more agents.
build the wall with your ass lmaooo had to laugh
I as 16 year old Mexican American know what life is like as an American citizen but in the United States there is not really a support system for legal immigrants that come in the states they practically start off life as a 18 yr old kid who is moving out on their own but typically these immigrants have kids and families to take care of so they take any jobs they can work long hours for low pay and put the money towards their families with that said the money they have for a home isnt going to land them anywhere considered a good or even decent community so when those kids grow up they are going to be a product of the environment therefore two things I would love to see happening in our country is those immigrants who truly do come here for the American dream we help out with their money issues for a period of time which would lead to more and more illegal immigrants to apply to become citizens and I would also like to see lesser income communities become better looking than they do which would lead to the price of homes going up and ultimately leave those immigrants who dont apply to become United States citizens to return to their homeland this can all be done with the money the wall was going to be built with
The guy in the white shirt needs to quit using adderall and educate himself on American history and how things work in the country. He's living in a fantasy propaganda narative.
As a person that lives in israel really close to a border wall, it works wonders
Might as well add the name of the song in the intro right?



Boy & Bear - Pogo

Btw
That guy from NM has no clue about incentive structures. Illegally enter the US = Citizenship ... okay, lets see how that turns out!
My deadbeat dad was illegal and he shouldve been deported. He does a lot of fucked up shit.
At first he was just describing legal immigration just without calling it that THEN he goes full blown dystopian nightmare and calls for ID chips on foreigners. As if that would be complete lunacy and require the US to have complete control over the entire Hispanic world.
I live in Michigan, literally a bridge away from Canada. In fact, the only thing that separates me from Canada is the blue water bridge, and lake Huron/St Clair River. I can drive to Ontario, Canada from my house in less than 10 minutes if I were unimpeded by border patrol. I could swim across easily, it's so close. But guess what? In all my 27 years I've never heard of a single issue with illegal immigration from Canada, and (other than the fact that Canada is a good place to live compared to places where these other illegals are coming from) that's because we have something separating us. It's not a wall, no, but it's almost as easy to swim over as it would be to climb a wall. It's the fact that there is SOMETHING there. We have border patrol on the lake and the river, we have customs at the bridge, these measures keep us separated. I go to Canada frequently (strip clubs are way better there) and I know Canadians who come here regularly just to go out to eat, it's very common, and because we have proper credentials and documentation, we are allowed to visit each other's country. It's literally that simple. Also if I wanted to become a legal Canadian citizen or vice versa, there are steps that could be taken to make that happen, it just has to be done legally and thoroughly. It's as simple as that.
Rand Paul makes the most sense.  A wall is less effective than taking away the goodies.
Wow, Steven, you have a lot more patience than I do. I wouldn't be able to sit and try to rationally talk with these idiots.
Lmao we need an X-ray wall!!
Because a wall will be ineffective, expensive and impractical.
Its better to put an armed force along the boarder and shoot whoever crosses illegaly, instantly.
Its not about being anti Latino or anything racial. Its just about security and mass numbers of usually improvised folk bringing large problems with them As a Latino that barrier has to be built as stated in PragerU.
The only reason Im against building Trumps 20 ft wall is that it is not practical at all. Sure it will create jobs; but the people who would end up actually working those jobs would be temporary laborers that would only be helped minimally. And sure more Border Patrol agents would be hired but that could have been the solution since the beginning. Plus needless to say, a wall still cannot keep everybody out. 

There is a system in place and it would be best if America reenforced that system, offered protection for refugees, and offered a path to citizenship for those of us who would actually be productive members of American society. 

Also its hard not to call it racist when only a Southern Border wall is being mentioned.

America has it made, so much so that many Americans cannot begin to imagine the injustices people face outside of their country. Were too worried about being oppressed that we dont realize we sound privileged af

American privilege... is that a thing ? Idk 2am thoughts. 

Also the last guy sounded like he came from a good place but the whole ID tag thing was a little hitlery lol
I think the wall is a very expensive and silly idea, it would be much cheaper and more effective If fence jumpers where shot and illegals found were executed publicly. Then they would just stop.
New Mexico guy thinks we should insert electronic devise in people ( like we do to animals ? )  lol I dont think he will have a future in politics - can you imagine his campaign video ?? Vote for me and I will get you and your family surgical implants - electronic tags so the government knows where you are at all times lol
Leroy is a fucking dumbass.
what a god damn retad...
"like... dude... imagine somekind of, i dunno, xraying the whole border so people can instantly get citizen shipt, then we won't have illeagle immigrants anymore!"
1st Lady , brave Woman I hope she stays safe 
I never realized how mind blowingly narrowminded libtards tend to be. In all your videos most yell and swear and insult just because they see soneone that has different views.
X-ray the fuck out of them! Hell yeah!
40,000  thumbs up
2,000  thumbs down 
Build the wall
6:50 ok m8 this mans just said blatant lie. 35% of murder coming from illegal? There is literally no fuckin source for that info.
This guy was clearly brain washed at the University of New Mexico. UNM professors have aTeaching-Grant. Theses so called professors are from Europe and middle East teaching UN policies, morals,. The other professors are teaching Anti-Israel and Anti-Christian policies and pro Islam stance. Crowder please come to New Mexico. We need logic and not feelings.
They should build the wall from the xfinity war movie when all the creatures were trying to break in into the dome
The second guy reminds me why you won't find a capitalist, more specifically corporatists complaining about illegal immigration. Because it means more money for the employer and less wages and benefits they have to give as more cheap labor comes flooding in. Considering that looser regulation and cheaper labor in other countries is the main reason for our own corporate exodus problem. Taxing illy's, (or not) on top of the flood of them in the workforce, albeit low skilled jobs, can give some benefit to the economy as it would fix or help our corporate exodus issue. Does it outweigh the amount illegals social security cost taxpayers though, or the potential compremisation of safety? Although they can only claim a small portion of social security programs compared to a US citizen. Also this lowering of wages hurts the employee which is the majority of Americans, it's a tricky situation. Also the wall is expensive, needs a lots of upkeep and is really a static defense that is more of a delay rather than a real problem solver as some people who worship the wall claim it to be. It still requires the same or less border patrol in the vicinity, but there's a huge slab of taxpayer funded concrete in the vicinity instead. Point is, the wall isn't a holy end all and is a nuclear bombing mentality apporach to solving the illegal immigration problem, expensive, lots of downsides, long lasting effects that aren't easily reversed and no guarantee of intended results. We do need better border security and better immigration logistics, I just don't think the wall is really the best solution. I would hope people don't blindly shout and worship, "build the wall" or everything Trump or Republicans say and propose, then they would be just as bad as their much despised leftist.
not against a wall on the south border, you americans can do what ever pleases you in your country, but this is just plain racism, you want to secure your borders, build a wall on the north border also, than we will believe is a matter of national security and not racism. By the way, shootings in schools, movie theaters, churches, restaurants, etc. are always carried out by US citizens.
Build a wall in Mexico, then a wall in Canada, then put a roof on it. Job done, safe and secure!
Some of these people are fools and in educated dicks
11.37 that guy doesnt like a wall? Got it. 
Wants people to be chipped? 
And be monitored where they go using that chip. 
So a wall curbs peoples freedoms, however chipping people is ok.
And again wont  stop people not registering.
And so if your chipped, you wont smuggle drugs and weapons? 
No more digging tunnels from Mexico to Texas. 
This guy has no idea about what he would do, however he knows enough to know that Trumps got it wrong. 
This is really worrying.
Steven, with this particular issue, I do not think a wall would be of any benefit. First of all, there is the drug issue. The drugs brought into the US is very minuscule being smuggled over the border. Most of the drugs that are being abused are opiates, and those are brought in by pharmaceuticals. To extend this further, the CIA brings in a lot more drugs into the United States than any drug smuggler. The CIA has been the king pins of drugs since their origins in 1950, when they started testing drugs for their Project Bluebird/Artichoke/MKULTRA.

On another note, the majority of illegal immigrants are immigrants that have overstayed their visa and these are people that are flying into the US. building a wall is not keeping these particular illegal immigrants out of the United States. This wall will not stop very much of the migration coming into the country at all, because of the fact that most of the immigrants are flying in, not crossing the border.

Furthermore, this project is going to be taxing the hell out of US citizens since there is a lot of money involved in creating such an infrastructure. Not only are we going to be taxed for the wall, but when you look at the logistics involved with building this wall, there will be a lot of eminent domain taking place, where people will have their property taken away from them because their property just so happens to lie where they want to build this wall. This eminent domain issue was really big when the Keystone Pipeline was being built, as it completely infringed on treaties that were signed with the Standing Rock Sioux tribe and the United States, and went over sacred tribal land which was just very very disrespectful. Furthermore, I don't think anyone would be very happy losing a huge chunk of their land for the sake of this infrastructure (unless they were not aware of any of the facts behind building the wall)

There are absolutely no long term benefits from my position. If anything, this suites business more than anything. I feel that this wall would serve more as a giant prison than anything, and as a statement from the Bureaucracies of "haha! look we fooled them again, and got them to give us more money!"
6:55 that mk5 r32 tho <3
Yes, let's divide earth.
I'm only in favour of The Wall because it's pissing off leftys. Personally, I don't think it will work. What would work is welfare reform that only grants welfare to US citizens, and stricter regulations for companies that force them to hire US citizens or legal immigrants.
The wall needs to be built because it will serve as a physical deterrent in places on the border that are not manned. The border is so long that there is not enough manpower to monitor all of it. The left is reacting like we dont want any immigration. We do, its just that we want the immigration to be legal.
please please please address lily singhs therapy for homophobic people.  I need your clap backs.
Its a fucking waste of money. Theyll just get El Chapos crew to build tunnels.
Im sorry but that first lady with the blurred out face is borderline retarted.
America is the most uncultured country in the world
Imaginary lines are bullshit...
hmmm coming back here in 5-10 years to see if we can magically travel due to technology and not have any borders lol 8:46
These ppl r idiots ....
The wall wouldn't help cause we got planes
Can you do reverse racism is real change my mind?
This discussion was especially painful to listen to. The moment when kids discover they are able to form their own opinion--not realizing they're just articulating a personal emotion not based on universal facts--is such a special time... and probably the end of everyone. But that's just my opinion... :P
Anyone against the wall is a fucking idiot and they're a hypocrite. You live in a house that has walls, those walls are there to protect you from people that want to commit crimes against you. Are the walls of your house perfect? No. But we still have them because they work. We compliment them with security cameras, guard dogs, lighting and locks. 

I've read through a couple of replies from people against the wall and all it looks like is they're trying to enable criminals. Gross.
The evidence proves that overall illegal immigrants commit less crimes than black and whites though. We shouldn't get our point across with lies. Illegal immigration should stay illegal regardless if they are mostly decent people.
This is a blanket comment to ALL people who want to say "most illegals come here by air, so building a wall would not do anything". Well here is the truth about that, when they come by air they are coming legally (using a VISA) but once their VISA runs out they don't go back. However, what they could do is while they are here on their valid VISA and if they are planning on staying here they should work towards getting their citizenship, and we should encourage them to do so (if getting the citizenship is too much money and to extreme to be able to do so in a short time (a year or 2) then we should start a discussion with Congress about making it cheaper and less harsh, this will help fix illegals by air, then tighten up security at the border (either by building a wall or hiring more Border Control Agents/Officers). That is how we help fix this issue.

I'm not saying it will be 100% effective, because nothing is ever 100% effective. I'm just saying that it will help by more than you can imagine.
Historically illegal immigration was lower than today before beefed up border security, the reason being was that illegal immigrants would go home after making money and there was no incentive to bring family over the border. Not saying having border security isn't important, obviously having an easy way to transport drugs into america would be abused by any smart individual but I just thought it was an interesting point. If Crowder responds ill dig through my Joe Rogan podcasts to see which one mentioned it
Honestly Mexico. You've violated our sovereignty so many times and you've hated us since we kicked your ass out of Texas. Just say you want war. Let's just get it over with. Stop sending secret messages to the German Empire and fight me in the ring bro.
This one was good
X-Ray wall my boy gonna be the governor of New Mexico? Too much sus
My god that last guy was crazy. What level of delusion is that? Xray borders and what, are they born with a specific number inside them that scans when they cross through? My god... And in 5 to 10 years time were gonna have lightspeed travel? What a moron.
With that guy saying how we check their ID's I just would like to mention that Americans have the legal right to not have an ID
I feel like I've just gotten dumber watching that "future New Mexican governor. "
I'm a social Democrat that supports building a wall we're not all stupid lol
Every person who harbors some emotional anti-Trump opinion, 100% of the time is simply misinformed, and have been duped by propaganda. Trump said, umm, the immigrants are all bringing drugs and and... 
GOOGLE IT FOR GODS SAKE, you Lefties claim to be reasonable, why are you allergic to doing your own research?
Christ. Change My Mind is just too good.
Donald Trump literally said, "they're bringing drugs," referring to Mexicans.  This man was factually correct.
This is the most cancerous change my mind to date
Well, considering that Gary Johnson is the current governor of NM, that guy couldnt possibly be more of an idiot than they have now.
The wall is just a waste of time and money, the people we want to really stop is going to get in even if the wall is 50ft tall. I am willing to bet the worst people come to the US legally through the border anyways.
Why does he always lie about stats https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/wonk/wp/2018/06/19/two-charts-demolish-the-notion-that-immigrants-here-illegally-commit-more-crime/
All the new mexico guy talks about is drugs, from what he is saying he probably is on them
A physical wall should be built. Any obstacle is better than none. Can you walk up to a wall and just jump over it? Fly over it? Shovel under it? Walk around it? Realistically yes, it will defer most, make it harder for people and they will not attempt it. 

Also people miss out the main factor of this wall. Its merely a statement. Symbolic and a means to an end.
I don't want illegal immigrants here it's a slap in the face to me and my family and other people I know. It's a slap in the face to legal immigrants who followed the rules did the paperwork gave the money and took the test required and waited patiently to get their visas or whatever to be allowed to live here and create a better life here. Also building a wall won't do much of anything it's a waste of money think of something else if you can.
And x ray border these people don't come here and go. They come here leech off the tax payers. And bitch about people racist cause don't want them here for a reason if your smart enough Your understand this
No borders just a X-ray wall dividing people from different countries. . . Dudes been watching to much Star Trek smh
Yeah I'm pretty sure that the statistics actually show that illegal immigrants commit less crime than US natives (mostly because they do not want to risk getting deported). Also, I completely support that the US should have appropriate checks and screens in its borders, however when these immigration policies offer less opportunities to hopeful immigrants just because of the country from which they come from we enter the dangerous path to racist policies. Not only is building a physical wall an obscene way to spend taxpayers' dollars, but it is a hostile act of discrimination, xenophobia, and complete lack of respect to our neighbor in the south. Remember, the US was built by immigrants looking for a better life, so why should we deny the opportunity to thousands of hard working individuals to follow that same path to a better life? PS: Having more open borders is actually beneficial to a country's economy (according to most top economists around the world) so, all of these aliens that "steal our jobs" are actually creating more.  Build bridges, not walls.
Yeah accept everyone and give them Technological Monitoring Identification Tags called MARK OF THE BEAST with digital currency built into it so there will be no more poverty but you need to accept the agreement of totalitarian control over you first.
Create the Problem Offer the SOlution, Nice Job ANTI-CHRIST..
Why do all "open borders" people sound clinically ill? They can barely form coherent thoughts or sentences.
give them all legal citizenships LOL
The Future Mexican with the cam is the reason why you should build a Wall.
This Spanish guy has no idea
He said scientifical 
You talked to that moron way too long 
wish I would've been there.  im torn on the wall because I have really good arguments for both. 

Pro-Wall reasons: don't want  MS-13, AL Queda or others getting in,  and overflowing of people who rather drain from society,  and any other REAL criminals coming in. 

NO-WALL reasons: Don't want to be trapped here when SHTF, I believe in FUNDAMENTAL freedom (which includes freedom to travel unhibited), its not financially viable with all our other debts/obligations,  Non- U.S. citizens aren't illegal (go read the IRS code and this is quite obvious). 

The NO WALL solution,  which is far superior to the Wall solution is to END the WAR ON DRUGS, END FOR PROFIT PRISONS,  AND MOST IMPORTANTLY END THE WELFARE STATE.  The government INCENTIVIZES ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION with EBT, SSC, Section 8, etc, and if that stops,  you'll stop most coming here.  They know the government is going to take care of them.  
Yo this guy is freaking scary putting chips into everyone, you're freaking insane where's the freedom in that, ah hello it's America home of the free!
Trump is better than obama change my mind
Several studies done in the last year or so have shown that immigrants both illegal and legal are considerably less likely to commit a crime than a native born US citizen.
OK, so the dude approves tagging them with RFIDs and subjecting them to X-Rays .... ROFL.. WTF dude.
"A lot of people dont want to pay taxes", actually no. A lot would be willing if resources would be avaible. Some dont due to the fear of being persecuted for not having legal documents which is actually false. Lastly, the guy you interviewed was on some high shit.
Hey, steven in this video says 30% of homicides are by aliens. I for the life of me cant find information to back it. It sounds right but is there a linj out there to help me out?
YOO The guy talkin bout X-ray walls had me dying 
In general Americans have become very stupid. Its disgraceful.
As soon as the male got into the chair I knew he was going to be a dumb ass..
You should blur her face more...why put her in harms way for this?
when sin and death are destroyed is when open borders will be a thing
One of my friends said one of the dumbest things about the wall I've ever heard. He is pro illegal immigration, but devil advocate argued that the wall wouldn't work because it would trap the already millions of illegal immigrants in America.
Answer: it's a waste of tax dollars.




I mean, isn't it painfully obvious- it's a moronic idea to begin with. The real task? Convince me why The Wall should be built. 

How did that idea even see the light of day anyways? Have we sunk that low as Americans, that we will actually entertain that bullshit wall?
Actually a recent study came out, and  it shows that undocumented immigrants are LESS likely to commit crimes, than native born Americans. So yes, it is disproportionate, just the other way around.  For the record, there were other studies that found similar results, all of which could be found doing a quick google search.  SOURCE: https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/wonk/wp/2018/06/19/two-charts-demolish-the-notion-that-immigrants-here-illegally-commit-more-crime/
Most undocumented immigrants come by plane.  For example, they have a visa, and overstay it.  A wall, in my opinion is a waste of tax payer money, and won't really change this problem, as they will continue to just fly in.  I am not sure why people buy into the idea that they dig tunnels or jump fences to get over, when border security will catch most of them.  However, no one checks to see if you go back by plane, so once you land, you can just crash at someone's house, and no one will ever know.
He's on as a light switch
A discussion becomes boring when one of the sides clearly has no idea what they're talking about. Show us some smart opponents!
Usually really enjoy these videos but this one made me sad
10:03
thats how you sound like when you're on speed. The guy talked a lot about drugs too even though no one mentioned it which is a very distnctive character of drug users.
You only upload the most clueless people which makes you look smarter than you actually are. Any well educated and well informed individual can make you look stupid on this issue.
Just punish Americans giving work to illegals. Punish Americans for paying under the table to avoiding taxes. They come here because they can find work if they can't find work they have no reason for coming here. It's not their fault for trying to better themselves. We should be punishing the Americans who caused this problem.
At 13:16 he looks like Jim after Michael does something stupid on The Office
I feel like building a wall is being anti-Mexican or anti-Latino. I know some illegal immigrants that are Canadian. So if immigration is the problem we should also be building a wall along the Canadian border. Even though most of them may be from Latin America, if we want to solve the issue of immigration then we need to secure all borders, not just the Spanish speaking border. Nobody should enter a country illegally because it's against the law. But we can't target one group of people from one country. An illegal immigrant from German, Mexico, Canada or Italy is still an illegal immigrant. They should all have the same difficulty or ease when entering the country.
If only the U.S. was surrounded by water. People hate walls. People love islands
You should do a change my mind segment that reads  Feminist are sexist change my mind. Because as a woman Im sick and tired of American women complaining like this is a third world country, and not realizing how good we actually have it.
So screw the wall? Lets just screw in microchips on our heads!?
Why build a wall when you can dig a moat. it will cost a fraction of the wall idea and will have a better effect. instead of being able to walk away after trying to get in they are stuck in a 50 foot deep hole. problem sorted, job done. Thanks again brittish bloke for your logic..
These people have no thoughts of their own. It's insanity.
Easy:
1)Expensive
2)Inefficient
3)Bad for fauna
Every passing minute I listened to Leroy I felt myself becoming stoopider...
The wall is our Hoover dam its just jobs just in case the Economy crashes
Location location location! Im guessing for the lack of participation.
Blur out her ID badge as well
A wall will only boost the ladder industry in Mexico
Holy crap. At 3;29    Im genuinely shocked.    I didnt see that coming.
That's gonna be one expensive wall
I'm against the wall for the same reason im against pouring coka cola on your genitals to stop pregnancy. I dont understand how it stops anything. It seems largely metaphorical. Who plans on uprooting their whole life and plan it for months and save money just to get there and go "oh nevermind. Theres a wall. Guess ill stop trying." The wall would stop a single mother and her child maybe, but the cartel? The richest lowlives will continue business as normal. Its a wall, not a magical all encompassing dome. Theyll just tunnel, or the popular crossing will change. Stop illegal immigration, by all means. But a wall wont stop the problem people.
WE  YOUsef.  
Oh yea build a wall..rofl.. Electrify it make it razor sharp, dont you freakin people get it they can dig a tunnel faster than professional construction workers with million $ equipment in less than half the time...
Build a wall like the great wall of china. I dont see any mexicans in china
Can someone provide me a reference as to where the Statistic of 37% of the homicides are done by illegal immigrants?
Yes. X-ray gate. No borders. That makes perfect sense. You go run for governor. 
Can't we all just live in peace
Do "God Doesn't Exist"
4:05 to watch a COMPLETE SPACE CADET.
Lets let everyone in this country! 1 billion Chinese, come on over!!
Lol by reading some comments, i just wish people commenting had just a little bit of Stevens common sense, both pro and con. Both parties are showing some really retarded points
I would have loved debating with you on this subject
Lol steven man hahahaha sometimes you are on point but sometimes you are not. The whole concept of building that wall its borderline (pun intended) moronic. Its a waste of money and frankly you folks better use it for another things. Now regarding immigration policies, yes reform them make changes but the idea of a physical wall its bananas.
There are a few reasons to not build a border wall.
1. It hasn't been proven that it will reduce illegal immigration. The majority of illegal immigrants did not cross the border illegally. The majority is also not from south america. The majority come here on visas and overstay them. And the majority or from China.
2. Who owns the land that the border wall will be built on? Government? It is public land. Which means the taxpayers technically own it. With the way property rights work, multiple people can't own the same property, otherwise one will be violating the property rights of the others. If 51% of the people decide to sell it to China, the other 49% have no property right because their consent is being circumvented. We either have property rights or we don't. All property should be private.
3. People want to put up the wall to stop illegal immigrants from coming here. Not because they are afraid of them. Because they consider them a drain on our economy due to receiving free aid from the government(food stamps, etc). But the problem isn't the immigrants, it's that there are free handouts to begin with. The government takes people's money and gives it to other people. That is also called socialism.
4. Who will pay for the wall? I know Trump said he will make mexico pay for it, but that is just delusional. Taxpayers always pay for everything our government does. So again, a bunch of us are going to be forced to pay for something we are against. No human being has a right to force someone else to buy something they don't want. But that's exactly what government and voting achieves. Not to mention the tariffs he is imposing on foreign countries. Those countries won't end up paying for that. The cost is always passed on to the consumer. It's just sad that most people have no clue how economics work.

I'm not democrat or republican. Actually i'm voluntaryist(ex libertarian). So when I criticize trump, realize that I also criticized obama, bush, clinton, bush sr, reagan... Give credit and blame where they are due instead of basing my opinions on emotion. I don't want government. I don't want anyone forcing me to do or pay for anything i don't want. I don't care if you want that. More power to ya. Just don't involve me. Let me live in peace as a free human being.
Immigration reform is necessary, but the wall is not the answer
So, bro, you know, what percentage is that? Anybody today you know, commits crimes (what a biscuit head)
A X-ray border!! Hummm interesting not really
Someone just escaped from a mental hospital.  3 years there, an X ray border is what he comes up lol
Shes totally right, a lot of them are garbage, and in front of sjws and bleeding hearts they act one way, and when they are gone they show their true self, they will robe you blind, how do I know?? I am from Tijuana and most people are shitty, only a very small minority are good people, but most of them are not
How the hell are you going to tax people WHO ARE UNDOCUMENTED?    SMH....
"Just make them citizens because it's only going to get worse" is like saying "Just get used to the cancer.  It's only going to get worse."  It's a non-mitigation argument.
Smh..... building an "xray" wall along the entire border will cost billions. And then you have to power it, run it, film it and have workers everywhere to check the ids. And who is going to go to mexico to chip all the people?
this new mexican sounds as stupid as an old mexican.
3.5 ur really wanna build a wall for 3.5% of people
Lol woooooooooooooooow
This shit is fucking HILARIOUS IM SCREAMING!
'The wall' is a fools version of a good idea. It's an idiotic band-aid solution to a much bigger problem; one that will cost the american people tens of billions of dollars and provide us with absolutely no benefit.
Just tax them huh? This dudes an idiot
Her: Wyd?
Me: Im watching this conservative guy sit down and try and talk with these people from the left and he literally just wants to hear opposing opinions but most of them are ignorant people who dont know what theyre talking about and its hilarious.
This person is an idiot, an x-ray machine?
Just like The Running Man!  Shoot, why didn't I think of that.  Man that guy is a genius!
waste of money
"Trump didn't say most Mexicans bring drugs" maybe not, he just said "they aren't sending their best, they're sending their rapists and criminals"...
My belief as to why the wall is a dumb decision.
First off, ALL of us white people ARE immigrants who came over from Europe and killed to colonize this country. We all took history classes in school. We know this.
Secondly, Our ethnicities are NOT our race... There is only ONE race and its the human race (Besides the rest of the animal kingdom) and together we all live our lives on this earth.
Thirdly, Our country in known to put its nose into other countries problems and honestly, as a first world country, we should care about the well being of our neighboring countries. Not try to block them out. You'd be surprised to see how little a wall would prevent immigrants from entering this country... They WILL find a way. It's survival instinct. As humans, we all have it.
I'm aware that diseases, pest, and crooks are something to take into account. But does it not sound snobby to slam the door in your neighbors faces who are seeking help, protection and/or a new life? Could the homicide percentages be provoked by the lack of protection of our police force? Could we not send resources such as, antibiotics, vaccines, food, water, etc. to prevent diseases from crossing this imaginary line we call a "border?"
We could organize a program to help people become healthy, legal citizens. Especially now since Trump and his administration have worsened our healthcare, making the rich more rich and the poor more poor, and wants us to pay for the wall when instead we could use all the money to support the lives of our race! 
We can grow together, not as citizens but as HUMAN BEINGS!
3:52 You said "subdued into fear"   -  talk about putting words into someones mouth, which you accuse people of doing all the time. she said they were money laundering. they're prolly the homies.
Lol another fool brainwashed by the media. Clearly doesnt do his OWN research and see how the media twists the presidents words. Ive seen it
The look on Steven's face at the end of that interview........ Priceless!
He's handsome and smart marry me!! I was doing homework as I listened to him talk and I fell in love hahahah not even kidding
"Masterminded People" Damn, i never thought about that. IQ level 100000000000
WHAT AN IDIOT!! 
Nah we shouldn't have walls or boarders but some sort of x-ray boarder wall thing...gg
"X-Ray Border" 10:25
I wish more attention would be paid to other aspects of illegal immigration than crime. Focusing on the criminal aspect is a given, but it's also easy to counter it by playing on emotional aspects. It is true the vast majority of people who are here illegally are genuinely good people who just want to provide for their families. The inconvenient truth however is that there really only are two options - Open borders or border enforcement. It's uncomfortable, sure, but there is no in between.

So 1. Whether you admit 10 immigrants per year or 10 million, there will still be millions who can't come, because you can't have restrictions on something without enforcement. Some of the most progressive countries on Earth - Norway and Denmark for example, have some of the strictest immigration policies anywhere. How do leftists come to terms with this uncomfortable fact? Half shove it under the rug and ignore it, half join the open border gang.

Which brings me to 2. No country has ever tried an open border policy. Bernie Sanders famously called it a "koch brothers proposal." It would be a massive social experiment and gamble which would be more likely to crumble our infrastructure, job market and decimate poor families than anything else. Leftists generally struggle with numbers. There are over a billion impoverished people in the world who would love nothing more than to move to the United States tomorrow. How do you double, triple, even quadruple the population of a modern day country, unrestricted, without collapse? It has never been done. I have never in my life seen anyone come up with a comprehensive and realistic plan for this. Ever.

Essentially - The more you force leftists to talk openly about border enforcement, they less able they are to claim any moral high road. The more you force leftists to talk openly about open borders, the more public support they lose.

I'm a first generation immigrant. I'm very pro-immigration. Legal immigration.
I understand people that supports the wall and all that shit, it's hard to adapt to see foreign people, from different countries and cultures around your area. It's hard to understand, but we need to understand the differences between a legal and illegal immigrant and their situation. Here in Mexico we have a crisis too, here's a lot of people from Southamerica asking for money on the streets for buy food and stuff, and I get they need it, but why me? why do I have to help you? I have problems too, I need money too. And if you don't give them money they get offended. 

I agree with legal immigration, its awesome, it helps economy. But the illegal immigration needs to be controlled.
Im more surprised people didnt touch on the topic that this country is supposedly the greatest in the world at least all the patriotic  people I know say that. Im not saying its right for people to come to America illegally however they come here for safe haven which is something that America has been known for, making dreams come true. However those mass shootings that happen also reflect a nice demographic of who is in charge of mass killings. White mentally incapacitated  Americans. Funny how that works out.
His family must own a lot of land lol.. since 1550
Can we build a wall around the backpack guy? Also the wall is complete nonsense. It's going to be outrageously expensive and it will interfere with so much from ecosystems to structures already in place. Not to mention the cost for upkeep. 

Oh yeah and a lot of illegal immigrants came here legally and just over stayed visas. Plus I highly doubt any wall you build will keep out airplanes, make a pro/con list it's simple to many cons. 
BAD IDEA
Not sure if that guy was a troll or insane...
"Borders are gonna be a thing of the past" -_- Borders strengthen a countries culture and civilization, remove that and we are back to barbarism, no culture, no order and more importantly no security.....
Were in too much debt... boom no wall there ya go
If USA goberment wants to build a wall they are free to do it, but thinking that Mexican gob will pay for it is stupid. 

You want your wall, you pay for it.
Not paying for it thats the problem .
LOVE THE CROWDER POSSE
Master mind individuals , 
There is no point in these videos. No one ever is going to change your mind. Your opinions are a part of your identity, an identity you've been developing ever since and with it you formed certain opinions whether or not they were imposed on you by others you you actually used your head for a bit. If someone actually changed your mind your identity would fall apart and you wouldn't be the same person you are anymore. That's not in your interest. What you are doing here is increasing your publicity with these videos and with it you gain a following of people who agree with you and are basically insulting everyone who disagrees and people who were "debating" with you in these videos. You are trying to show yourself as a smarter and more intelligent individual than people you are arguing against. Now, it is true some people you argue with are not well educated on the topic and act out of pure disagreement and annoyment  with you and then end up being infuriated by you and just leave. However, you are well prepared for the topic you are going to debate about so you are always at an advantage. But then again some people do know about what they are talking about, just as you do and it could be a proper debate. But, it's not. You are spewing arguments and counter arguments in order to infuriate the opposing party and they are going to do the same. It's a neverending circle. It's it not in your personal interest for someone to change your mind. It's in your interest to show how you are right and no one can prove you wrong. Period. Things like this just make me think USA is one huge reality show. Cheers.
I think what he's saying is tag all people and put up invisible fences, like you use for dogs on the boarder so you know when they come in. Then tax them for there time here.
This guy is not all there. Steven made good points
I'd love to talk to someone like you about this, I'm a legal immigrant from Mexico and I'm very familiar and impacted by all this... my first question to you though would be why only build a Wall in the Mexico/ US border and not Canada ??
Steven features the dumbest people on his channel in these Change My Mind videos so he can look smarter.
. I am warning you ahead of time that I dictated this to my phone via Google  voice and it is probably filled with  wrong words bad grammar misspelled  things that might not make any sense I am too tired to type this out so it's up to you to fill in the blanks LOL This Spanish kid doesn't have a clue what he is suggesting he wants everybody to be biometrically shipped with an RFID identifier that will reveal all personal data all private conversations your location at all times and will even announce you before you even show up to cross through the X-ray checkpoint. That is one of the most dangerous and radical ideas I've ever heard this kid wants complete government control you want no security no privacy just completely open unfettered borders where people can go as they please without any restrictions at all there are so many issues with that I can't even know where to begin. This kid wants to live in a totalitarian police state and he thinks that everybody will agree to this absolutely not he doesn't seem to understand the difference between a physical wall and a invisible one whether you are stopped by a barrier physically blocking your path or you are stop by a technological one it's still a wall and people will always try and circumvent it people are not going to willingly submit themselves to be shipped like this to be monitored at all times we have a constitution in America and in that Constitution we have a Bill of Rights he is suggesting we burn the Constitution with his idea. This kid sounds like another brainwashed neo-marxist socialist. This kid thinks he's going to be governor of New Mexico one day? This kid sounds like he's lost one too many brain cells from all the dope he smokes I doubt any of his ramblings came from researched ideas it sounds more like his ideas come from conversation she has with his friends while they are all high. This kid thinks that we should simply legalize them arbitrarily and then just start taxing them to force them to spend their money in the United States that sounds like a very systemically oppressive law that will single out a group of people over others you cannot treat migrants and naturalized citizens differently if they're both naturalized citizens a citizen is a citizen the moment you start forcing oppressive laws like that on to people who are now citizens you are actively creating a oppressive system of government that will hold certain ethnicities down, this is the exact same thing that sjw and Liberals are always screaming. This kid is insane if he thinks that anyone would ever vote for a law like that no illegal immigrants would want to become legalized if they were now penalized for it while other people do not. He didn't even address the disproportionate amount of violent crime committed by the three percent of illegal immigrants coming to this country now you want to give them citizenship with no borders congratulations kid you just open the floodgates 2 waves upon waves of unskilled uneducated laborers who will simply jump on the system mooching off of government assistance so where's this tax money going to come from most of these illegal immigrants are on some sort of government assistance already which we are already paying for. Many people get all of their money under the table and all of their money get sent back to Mexico the money that these people make a very large majority of it does not benefit the American economy it gets sent to the Mexican economy president Trump tried to fund the wall originally under the threat of charging fines for all Western Union and MoneyGram wire transfers from America to Mexico. I just cannot believe the crap that this kid was rambling on about he has no idea what he is even saying you can't form a cohesive sentence or argument this is the typical intelligence of these indoctrinated cultural Marxists. Borders have always been a necessary and essential part of the sovereignty and safety of all countries. China had a wall to keep the Mongolians out Vatican City has a wall that separated from the rest of Italy Jerusalem has a wall Mexico's Southern border has a wall. Help your own yard has a wall surrounding it people need to protect what is there's walls dissuade people who wish to take by force. Walls keep your property and yourselves safe why was keep America safe. You want to have open borders and open immigration fine look what happened to the EU since the Syrian War began? There is widespread crime and violence all across Europe that never existed before people are being bred out of their own countries people are being displaced from their own neighborhoods you cannot have unchecked widespread immigration it is chaos and if you think that you can somehow control it via government monitoring then you're even more clueless than I thought.
HOLY CRAP wtf was the second person talking about?
Wow, a burnout duda takesa overa the a showa. Go Leroya! Too short and too many stupid people. I may have to get my mastermind group to get back with you though.
I'm against the wall because obviously it'll be build with taxpayer's money and it'll take years to build that. Also what crimes are the committing? Violent crimes? Get yourself a gun. Are the voting for bigger goverment? Who isn't? Deport republicans and democrats for voting for bigger goverment! Only libertarians can stay! Immigrants claiming welfare?  End the welfare state!
When there is a new construction project in a populated area what do they put around it? A fence/wall. Not a complete problem solver but a key piece to the puzzle. Coupled with a security presence it makes it very difficult to invade. Btw all you treasonous hypocrites on the left, go to sleep tonight with your front door unlocked or better yet wide open and see how safe you feel.
Leroy needs some milk...
SMH
it takes us years to build things like highways, things we actually want to build with realistic logistics. the wall will never be built
boy, there sure are some dumb-ass people in this state! apparently, a lot of them are in Austin.
Am I missing something? Is Trump really this influential to make this a convincing concern for people? Apparently so. Since when have Mexican people, legal or illegal been a major American problem? Shouldn't we be more concerned at the war we're in ( and possibly more soon), the prison system, wealth inequality, substance abuse, homelessness, and the fact that there's a large population of starving children in our country? Talk about an arrogant, entitled, racist, xenophobic distraction.
Keeeo Im going love this !!
Good they should deport them and it's great that Trump seperated the kids from their parents because than they all have to go back.  You can't just take in everyone and their mother into a country and give out everything. The only thing I do have 1 problem with is that if Trump really meant what he said he would have hired only Americans at his companies in New York City and New Jersey. I appreciate that he is trying to build the wall. They come here, they don't speak English, they don't care and they don't even try to apply for citizenship. I think if Trump made sure the Corporations hired more white Americans or Americans that would better. I don't see that as happening which is one of my issues with Trump or any president right now for that matter. If there are not enough jobs for Americans that already live here how can they bring in more people.
The guy in the middle of the video said he's Spanish, but he's not Mexican. He doesn't look like a Spaniard to me. o.O
Why is the country divided about this subject? A country has the right to patrol its borders and prosecute those who conspire to skip the process? Illegal Immigration hurts the lower and middle class....wtf am I missing? If you're a liberal and identify with the victim mentality, voting for Illegal Immigration is voting against your best interest...Im ever confused by SJWs..
I fully support an X-Gamma-Solar-Flux-Capacitor-Vegan-Crystal-Force-Field-Chip-Implanter WALL! Give this guy all the medals, he's a genius!
5:07 This guy definitely has some native in him because that's NOT what full-blooded Spaniards look like.
That was the dumbest shit i ever heard ! Wtf !
Holy shit, that second guy had me laughing my ass off. Talk about a moon bad.
what an idiot
was that guy on meth?
Can you maybe tell me where you get your statistics? I need them for a presentation.
So many of these people are just idiots like out of all the change my minds this has to be the most brain melting one..
These people vote. The end is near
Build That Wall!
Can you believe do a "There is no god" change my mind 
Guy: a wall will never work. 
Same guy : a digital scanner wall with imbedded tags in every person that may cross is a simple solution.
lol a X ray boarder...
This is my thing with the wall. I believe the idea of it is stronger than its actual implementation. It allows us to find our newest scapegoat. I'm not saying illegal immigration shouldn't be addressed, I just believe the time and money it requires could be better implemented. We have a horrible infrastructure (roads, bridges, trains) compared to other developed countries. I believe the jobs and benefits from helping our actual infrastructure will be more beneficial than building a wall. Our money has literally no inherent value, and the middle class pays the majority of the country's taxes. I think fixing these problems should be our focus. The problem is that the government is so corrupt, the real problems will never be addressed. Both sides don't give a shit about you, they just have slightly different methods of gaining and maintaining power.
Why not just end the wellfare state and the war on drugs?
X rays to register you XD
Can you please do one called Abortion is bad: Change my Mind
We could have Superman sit at the border and x-ray vision all the immigrants! Easy fix
An x-ray machine. . . Love it!
That guy who said he's not Mexican, he's Spanish, is deluded beyond belief.
An x ray boarder?  God bless him for at least think about this, but as usual their thoughts in their head make no sense or are they logical.  Wow.  Every country has a boarder.  Some just do not have the money to protect it.  I love how these people think that open boarders is going to solve all the worlds issues.  Yet they say, 'let them all in.'  Yet have no idea what to do with them once they are here.  But one thing we do know, is the American tax payer pays out billions in welfare yet they pay just millions in tax.  We have an unemployment rate that is always at least 5%.  Do some math.  What is 5% of 360 million?  Of all these people that want open boarders and let em all in, yet they are not the ones growing food, creating jobs, creating housing, create energy resources, cleaning our water, providing security through police, putting drug lords , rapists, criminals and other illegals in jail and so on.  They have no solution except, let them all in.  But what they do expect is someone else to come up with the food, the housing, jobs, energy, and so on.  It is not their job, but someone else job.  Tell you what, when you become a farmer, create thousands of jobs, become a police officer, become a doctor, and so on to offer any type of solution to deal with these illegals, I promise to try and take you seriously on this issue.  Ideally it would be nice to live as a structured society.  But not every country is like that.  And those countries are like that because of the people you want to bring in here.  Fact is, there are criminals, drug lords, rapists, robbers, lazy people, dependable people, and so on.  Are you suggesting that just because there are only thousands of these people, that does not justify wanting to know which ones are here or going to be here?  Bet you would change your mind if an illegal that other wise would have been controlled through security and secure boarders killed a family member you would be the first one demanding justice.  You want to take guns away from the very few that do so called mass shootings, which make a very small percentage of gun owners, and even small percentage of legal gun owners, and you want to regulate them.  Yet a higher percentage of criminals cross our boarder, but because there way more hard workers then criminals you want to give them a pass and not find out who is the criminal?  How does that work exactly?
I'm just making up a number but let's say I believe 5% of people coming here illegally live lives of crime. The fact is 99.9% of the people coming here who live lives of crime come here illegally. Just because 95% of the overall number don't, doesn't mean the 5% should get a free pass. I don't know how this makes me racist but apparently it does but I believe we should streamline our system so that people can get to the country quickly and a lot more affordably and secure our border. That way the people who come here to have a better life don't need to worry about coming here with the 5% that are rapists murderers pedofiles and thugs. We want your tired your hungry and your poor we do not want your criminals your deviance your rapist and your murderers. And I don't care what race or what country you come from
Literally everyone here is a dumb fuck. Steven Crowder, his fans, and the idiots in the video (because if anyone did make a good argument he wouldn't show it)
"We shouldn't have a secure border, we should just have " proceeds to literally explain what a secure border is
You hear they pay there taxes, they make money and use that money in there communities. I see this everyday , they keep that money with the  Latino communities. They have bought there own  Grocery stores, bakeries , auto sales lots , home repair  you name they have. Just where I live in South Carolina the whole west side of town has become Mexico. They have semi trucks from Mexico delivering food for the there grocery stores . As businesses move out they take it over. If you go there to apply for a job , they don't hire Americans. They tell you that right front. The legal Mexicans are getting the business license to operate a business for the illegals. You go to Walmart on Friday night there are lines of  Latinos sending money to Mexico. All the signs on these business are in Spanish,  the only thing I can read is the phone number. So for these  Politicians to say that they are contributing to our societie someone please tell me how. That money is gotten from.sny source thrre but that money is not put back into our community  it stays within theres it Mexico. That's the reason Mexico doesn't want to solve this problem is because of the billions of dollars that goes to Mexico.
New Mexico is a sanctuary city... and we need X-rays to identify people.... ew.
Ahhhh, another New Mexican making our state proud 
The dude is far too idealiatic. We have to understand not everyone is as open as those in the West. There are currently too many political, cultural and religious conflict for borders to be erased. Even if people can coexist, no borders would mean no countries and the demise of tradition and cultures.
Tag us like dog's.  That'll work.  Lol
Illegals do pay taxes. change my mind
Debating unprepared random people and young students still trying to figure out life and who they are... Crowder is really brave isnt he? what a dweeb...
Do a fat acceptance is death acceptance, change my mind.
We should have an electron microscope border. That way we could see ANYTHING and EVERYTHING coming into our country. Science.
SMH....
i read this title and immidiatly began dying of laughter, Build The wall "|" Change my mind lool
Illegal and legal is no difference! Change my mind
A popular argument against the wall is how much money it will cost but I think the motive is they don't want illegal Crossings to be enforced.
We definitely should have a more secure border. Illegal immigration is a problem. Having checkpoints coming across would help a lot. But, my questions for a wall is how are we going to pay for it? If we build a wall, unless it's massive (costing more money), would it prevent people from getting through?
And 100% of illegals are law breakers.  There are immigration laws, and when they are ignored and they break into the country, that makes them law breakers.  It does not matter what percent are committing crimes.  The fact remains, they are.  We do not have a clue who is coming in.  We have a right to know who is coming in.  And just because you try and justify it and say they are hard workers and just want to better their family, fact remains they are not all like that.  Fact remains that the fact they broke in this country makes them a criminal.  We have a right to know who is coming in this country.  I never understood how these open boarder people try to justify that 'only a small percentage' are criminals.  And you know that....how?  Because pedro works with me and I know everything I need to know because he works hard.  Yet you cannot provide a background check.  How many people in your work place have a public background check that you know?  Yet you think you can justify illegals and know everything about them because they chop lettuce and cut grass.  The wall in itself will not solve the boarder issues by itself.  But it will make it harder.  There needs to be 24/7 armed boarder agents and military.  Mayors who provide sanctuary cities need to be arrested and thrown in prison.  There needs to be better education on reporting illegal aliens.  Stiffer crimes for people that employee illegals.  Stop chain migration which includes gain citizenship just because a person is born here.  Their parents need to be legal citizens.  And so many other things.  No welfare under any condition.  But society needs to start reporting illegals.  These illegals need to know that they are not safe.  And anyone who harbors them, government or society, needs to be arrested that does!  We want legal immigrants.  But only those who can contribute to society and not suck it dry and drink all the bottle water.
I don't think the second guy understood what he was talking about. He wants to put X-rays at the border but have no wall or way to get people through the x-rays it makes absolutely no sense.
Where can I find some of these statistics?
Is that an R32 in the background?
Its too bad no one really wanted to sit down for this one.  I would really like to see opinions on this from both sides.  Im on the fence about a physical wall right now, but Im completely for boarder control and reducing the amount of illegal immigrants.  Just like its not fair to us citizens and to those who wish to be through the legal routes.  I would like to look into other countries and how they deal with citizenship.  If I as a US citizen wanted to immigrate to a country in Europe or Japan, would I have an easier time than those who want to enter the US, or would it be just as restrictive?  I think I may find that the US is not alone in this.
BUILD THE WALL!!!!!!
The the Spanish guy provided the epitome of an emotional argument.
Dear Mexico, please stop bringing your dirt weed into America. We good.
This one is easy. I guess you didn't know that people who live in Mexico can dig. Build a wall so they can dig right under it. If you want to be right you should say build a moat with alligators in it. If you don't think it's true ask El Chapo. http://content.time.com/time/photogallery/0,29307,1895418,00.htm lIf facts won't change your mind nothing will.
This guy is the epedime of a fucking idiot. He has some end goal without any thought to the process. This is a great example to the decline of western culture. He explains a border without supporting it openly. WOW!
Plot twist, the Spanish guy is actually an illegal Mexican.
Build the wall with your ass, bitch! Id like to see that actually.
A fucking x-ray border 
The Spanish dude just walked into the wrong classroom.
6:44  um..  I don't know about that, 37% of the murders are caused by the 3.5% illegal immigrants?

The way he worded it seems very suspect.
This dude is soooo stupid !
I know exactly what's going on in the streets. Alot of the Mexicans are even getting strung out on dope. They sell and buy foodstamps, they even go around offering addicts 1500.00 for a copy of their birth certificates and s.s.c. C'mon bro this guys an uneducated/uninformed MORON! Ive even heard alot of them ADMIT they have kids here to ANCHOR them here. 1 out of 10 of those tuckers are alright. My ppl come from Spain too and we didnt establish the first capitol of the new world so strangers can come into our homes and eat our food like it was theirs! DON'T TREAD ON ME! and stop bitching about how bad you have it here tuckers!
That Mexican guy has no idea what he is talking about
Cool shoes steven!
Theres plenty of messed of shit already in America, more wont hurt lol
The guy from N.M. Don't know shit. Im from N.M. too and ive worked I  the construction industry, ive even worked at Walmart and the majority, just to make money, use fake names, s.s.n. etc; and bullshit that they pay taxes. They can go to the welfare office and ask for emergency assistance and their given a temp I.d. number where they can use for bank accounts, loans, etc; what alot of Americans can't attain, just by changing their name. This dudes a moron! Hes on some Mexican drugs!
I love how literally every person that sat down interpreted this completely wrong and merely thought that the issue at hand literally building the wall (despite there technically already being a wall and a heavily policed border between America and Mexico and ultimately meaning that, regardless, illegal immigrants will still be able to find a way into the country). The wall represents a far-right controversial stance on America's immigration policies, specifically the processing of illegal and legal immigrants in the US (so harsher border-control, basically). That's what should have been discussed, not whether or not the immigrants will find an alternative method to cross the border (which they obviously will)...
Is it me or does that boy sound like a ol' stoner from the seventies?.. open boarders man..
They just come over with xray things man..... id have to talk it  over with smart scientist people man.... i gonna be govener one day man....... i not tryin to be mean but lay off the smoke if your gonna try an have an intelligent conversation.....
Id like to see you debate people who are experts in their area. Anybody can debate another who is uninformed.
Like if KD ruined illegal immigration
Should have blurred her more.

Anybody living in that area would be able to see her name tag and the brand image on it and make a connection.
For her own safety, PLEASE censor her appearance more (for example, you've left her handbag totally unblurred - something which she would likely carry everywhere and would be a part of her identity).
Wall of X-rays > border wall
NO WALL; Motion activated 50cal. turrets, spaced every 1/2 m.. Natural selection takes over!
6:35 Wrong. According to the Cato institute, illegal immigrants are 25% less likely to commit homicide, 11.5% less likely to commit sexual assault, and 79% less likely to commit larceny. https://www.cato.org/publications/immigration-research-policy-brief/criminal-immigrants-texas-illegal-immigrant#full
8:27 Also wrong. According to Homeland, in 2017, border apprehensions were at a 46-year low. https://www.cbp.gov/sites/default/files/assets/documents/2017-Dec/cbp-border-security-report-fy2017.pdf
Building a wall is pure stupidity. It would cost billions (I thought you wanted less government spending,  Stevie), and it won't accomplish anything. Border walls don't, haven't, and will never work. People always find ways to get into the country. (https://www.migrationpolicy.org/article/borders-and-walls-do-barriers-deter-unauthorized-migration) Expedited removal is indisputably the best way to tackle illegal crossings. It's literally that fucking simple.
13:18 LOL
Blur out her work I'd
why didn't you interview for more people? why just an idiot and someone who didn't explain things very well?
Mexicans have better work ethics than Americans, change my mind...
Can someone else explain to me an aspect of sanctuary cities?

If a city - and police department - choose to be a sanctuary city, does that mean they refuse to cooperate with ICE - and any other agency - on the primary basis that they wont go after any person(s) of interest solely because they are undocumented?

If ICE contacts a police department of a sanctuary city and says we are looking for X, this person is wanted for murder, will said police department refuse to aid in the apprehension of this person because they are undocumented?
What do these people think of the wall between Israel and Egypt?
You don't show people that are ready for the conversation, these people know what they want to say but  they are nervous! Show the people that can actually make you and your veiwers think. I don't agree with you at all but i still watch (peace)
This guy as the governor? Jess.
Where did you get your crime statistics?  Interested for a project
Steven is stupid coming from a mexican, latin, whatever you call it, change my mind
Ah, yes, thousands of miles of x-ray scanners. Why didnt I think of this?!?!?

 I almost couldnt watch this. I could feel my brain cells dying at an exponential rate during this video. 
Alot of people in the media and society, seem to missing the keyword in Illegal immigration. Also the issues that having an unsecured border brings.
"Idk I one day plan on being the governer of New Mexico" asblksbdtgkllgjkk
Put gun turrets on the wall too.
That look at the end was priceless
Build the wall and put really really high voltage wires or something on top of it so that if somebody tries to climb over it they drop dead.
one problem with the wall. There are already walls in which people can use ladders to climb over.
These stats cannot be right.
That 2nd person was a complete idiot
The only anti-wall reason I can think of is money. The financing of the wall would be incredible
when that 2nd guy came in supporting technology am remembering that video where a indivdiual goes walking up to people with the sign saying technology and he screams "technology!" then the people ran away spooked.
when that 2nd guy came in supporting technology am remembering that video where a indivdiual goes walking up to people with the sign saying technology and he screams "technology!" then the people ran away spooked.
when that 2nd guy came in supporting technology am remembering that video where a indivdiual goes walking up to people with the sign saying technology and he screams "technology!" then the people ran away spooked.
when that 2nd guy came in supporting technology am remembering that video where a indivdiual goes walking up to people with the sign saying technology and he screams "technology!" then the people ran away spooked.
Forget the monetary angle: a wall is just fucking stupid and won't actually do anything. It will literally change nothing, just like how banning drugs changed nothing. Dumbass neo cons and their retarded logic that banning or "walling off" things produces positive results. These old fools have to die sooner or later, and hopefully once they're gone we can actually get some shit done in this country... if it's even around at that point.
when that 2nd guy came in supporting technology am remembering that video where a indivdiual goes walking up to people with the sign saying technology and he screams "technology!" then the people ran away spooked.
when that 2nd guy came in supporting technology am remembering that video where a indivdiual goes walking up to people with the sign saying technology and he screams "technology!" then the people ran away spooked.
when that 2nd guy came in supporting technology am remembering that video where a indivdiual goes walking up to people with the sign saying technology and he screams "technology!" then the people ran away spooked.
when that 2nd guy came in supporting technology am remembering that video where a indivdiual goes walking up to people with the sign saying technology and he screams "technology!" then the people ran away spooked.
when that 2nd guy came in supporting technology am remembering that video where a indivdiual goes walking up to people with the sign saying technology and he screams "technology!" then the people ran away spooked.
when that 2nd guy came in supporting technology am remembering that video where a indivdiual goes walking up to people with the sign saying technology and he screams "technology!" then the people ran away spooked.
when that 2nd guy came in supporting technology am remembering that video where a indivdiual goes walking up to people with the sign saying technology and he screams "technology!" then the people ran away spooked.
An explanation as for why you're going into the country, as well as means to track when a person comes in and out of the country. Did he just describe a border checkpoint and a passport?
I don't think he thinks before he speaks, and if he does, wow! I don't think I will ever visit NM. 
Do a the earth isnt flat
Build the wall and people will just dig holes,the wall is just a wall of hate,and its a waste a money.
Ehm.. How about the people running away from war? The ones who want to live, work, be happy with their families and live.? How about those who can't enter the country legally because they've lost everything in war, escaping with only their clothes.. Tell me.
I am not against the idea of stopping illegal immigrants. Even the wall is an idea that can be considered. The problem with trumps wall is that its a bad business model. When the initial stats came out regarding building 30 foot hight wall across the border, it costs well over billions of dollars. Who is going to finance it ? Trump clearly is not smart enough to convince the mexican president and their people to pay for it. That leaves Americans to pay to build the way. Which means high taxes and bad economy. A better plan is needed
I'm not saying don't build the wall but there's some logistical problems with it. 

One is that airplanes can go over a wall. Why is that important? Most of our illegal immigrants came here legally and overstayed their visas. 

Another is just the ridiculously vast length the wall has to be and the insanely remote and treacherous terrain that needs to be overcome just to get men and materials to the site. Consider this. How many trust the federal government to build them a house? Now imagine that house is going to be built on a remote desert mountain. I'd trust fart after laxative laced Mexican tap water before I trusted the structural integrity of that. 

The last one, our nation's infrastructure is outdated and crumbling all around us. Imagine the improvements to those things that could be made with the kind of manpower, materials and money it's going to take to build that wall. MAGA. Or just change the g to a b for border instead?
lets do with xrays what we can do with bricks
its far more efficient xP
Can you find better guests next time? It seems like all of the people you interview in these pieces are of low intelligence and un-educated.  This would be far more interesting if you found people who had a clue what they were talking about.
Too many uneducated #buildthewall
Oh fuck no offense to this fella . I wouldn't allow him to be a governor of any kind because he seems unintelligent and foolish and I live in Ireland. Seriously Americans need a kick up the arse to get a reality check . Their country is so Hollywood so exaggerated so deluded. My advice Cop the fuck on and act like a man
This guy cant even form a complete thought let alone a complete sentence. Jesus that was hard to watch.
First of all just the MONSTOROUS burden of cost of the US Government building a wall immediately makes it a bad idea.  How about instead of wasting billions of dollars of US tax payer dollars on the wall, we just stop subsidizing immigration and get rid of the welfare state and anyone that wants to come here to make a better life for themselves is more then welcome.
Immigration is a private property issue, imho.
My god that guy was stupid.
So this guy is recommending that all Mexicans get chips implanted in them so that we can keep track of all brown people coming and going?
Building a wall is too invasive, instead let's x-ray people and track them. 
the second guy is nuts lol
where i work i get a lot of Spanish guys, Honduras, Guatemala coming in looking for truck parts but i swear on my mothers life (and im a big mommy's boy) half if not more than half of these men that barely speak English all think the Wall is a good idea you know why because those men that come in, live in bad areas on Long Island and there True Americans that just want to raise a family and work hard but its so bad in there areas and they see the gangs and kids how there just lazy and want to steal everything in life those men that come into the shop are Americans they love this country but more important they see all the CNN BS and there family and where they live to be safe.
He just chose the dumbest guest.. most people have good logical arguments why not to build the wall. This is bias
Im an immigrant! A Legal one! 




BUILD THAT WALL!!
Geez that guy on 2nd was fucking retarded.

It'd be nice if reasonably intelligent people sat down to talk more often.
2Pac isn't dead, change my mind
Why is her soda @ 2:01 have a plant in it?
Why not just legalize drugs. Make employers pay all immigrants minimum wage and tax them just like they do everyone else. Then we don't need a wall
why would u support trump building a wall when theres no guarentee the next president wont be on some hitler shit or who knows even trump could be on that now where tf mfs gone go when shit get to going to shit cant escape the american govt if they the mfs opening and closing the huge ass fucking wall- cus canada forsure aint letting mfas in
The Berlin Wall would be perfect
Okay. Here's the thing. The best way to deter "illegal" immigration is by making it much easier to get here legally. As long as there are poor conditions to escape and the United States takes years to even look at the immigration applications people will come illegally. But here's another thing, with how shitty the U.S. is at legally allowing people to come, there needs to be less stigma with illegal immigrants. They are not criminals, rather the majority are hard working and willing to do hard work for little pay just for a better life for their kids. Not just that, undocumented immigrants make up a massive part of our economy. Rather than condemning them for trying to escape violence and poverty, we should be thanking them for being willing to do such hard work without complaining. The wall would cost so much not only to build but also would cost a lot to our economy in the long run in immigrant labor. The best way to deter illegal immigration is by making it easy to legally migrate. Especially because that boosts economic growth by immigrant labor considerably AND monitoring the bad guys at the border becomes much cheaper and easier since the numbers of illegal migrants drops significantly AND we save the cost of building the border on taxpayers. That doesn't solve the problem completely and it may take years  before it's effective but it's so much better than just saying "fuck it let's build a wall"
the guy in the white shirt has no idea what he is talking about......
This isn't  a joint in the cup holder. this is entering a fucking country ILLEGALLY
Your eyes at the end... So many words displayed. Beautifully handled.
I don't wanna troll the guy, but he said he is Spanish... but his family has been living in Mexico for like 450 years... Dog you're Mexican
These peoples votes have the same weight as mine.....
I love the idea of banning illegal immigration. I disagree, however, with building a wall. I dont have a problem with creating efforts to block out illegals, but the price of building a wall is absolutely astronomical. Where do we get the money?
If this guy didn't change your mind no one will...
I dont want the wall built, it will cost way too much plus most immigrants come from Planes,boats. Just seem a waste of money. p.s good vid keep it up
How about "I'm a republican, change mind"
That guy Leroy must be doing some harsh sniffing drug. He made me laugh though!
I'm 100% against the wall, I wish I could have been on this change my mind. A wall makes absolutely no fiscal sense. A wall could be climbed over or under...,.
Edit-there is already a partial wall
2nd dude is on dope. As a former addict I can see them coming from a mile away.
Electric fences would be soo much more entertaining than a wall.
Please do another one of these. This dude made 0 sense.
That lady was just dumb. She is the epitome of the liberal mindset. They are low IQ, grossly misinformed/uninformed and talk and act as though they ARE informed. It is absolutely infuriating. They listen to the MAINSTREAM MEDIA, who do nothing but lie, trick, and deceive the uneducated, pop culture addicted (easily brainwashed) simpletons of our society! These people have bought the great lie (as Christ predicted) and are brainwashed into hating their own country and people. They have been fooled into believing what is good is evil and vice versa, another prediction of Christ. Liberal: brainwashed simpleton who argues against reality, logic, and facts with emotions stirred up by Hollywood, Music Industry, Mainstream Media, and Democratic Party. Conservative: Normal human being. God bless all!
That dudes a fucking idiot. He needs to stop watching West world and altered carbon and realise what year it is. Dude spoke out of his ass for 10 min about futuristic X-ray borders and data chip tracking. 

Im always so amazed at how stupid all these people are.
Crowder...you need some longer shorts
i Literally just face palmed most of what leeroy said, please, please get him back on.
That lady knows exactly what's wrong seeing illegal immigrants in her neighborhood. She's afraid to say anything though.
The level of stupid in our country should be our first order of business. However, CNN loves stupid so they will keep feeding their followers moronic ideas to sell ad space. You can tell these people have no thoughts of their own. Everything they say is a tidbit from a news article or social media post. Unreal
Last guy was absolutely sh*t, deport him.
The Non-Mexican/New Mexico dude is a complete moron.

When I hear this kind of stupidity that sympathizes with criminals, Im with Trump.

Build the damn wall!!!!!!
Cringe AF I have no idea what that dude was talking about
The dude is a moron. Why would you sit down and spill the beans on your stupidity. I think you nailed it though, go ahead and "gather a group of people to talk about it" and then "talk to engineers". Go ahead and do that then come on back when your ready...
This channels good cause I agree with most do your points and topics but fuck your wall puto!
an Xray scanner haha, this guy been watching too much Sci-Fi he getting confused between TV and reality.
That Guy was so stupid I actually thought he was trolling at one point
I love your videos Steven but I heard you say once that you were Christian.
A lot of us would love to hear you discuss with an Atheist like Matt Dillahunty on defending your reasons for being a theist. 

You can't possibly be this anal in pointing out flaws in other peoples intellectual honesty through rational thought processes and arguments based on reason.. To then just completely avoid the sore thumb flaw in your belief system. 

If you're such a reasonable person, drop the religious baggage. 
or Change My mind.
I don't get why the US is getting all the blame, why not  Mexico? Why are a lot of people risking their lives to come here. Why aren't people protesting and burning Mexican  flags? I think it's time to turn the blame to the  real problem. Why try to change America instead of changing Mexico for the better so people wouldn't have to leave home for a better life.
Honestly lets just make a DMZ between us
I would like to point out that Mexico built a wall on THEIR southern border AND Obama helped them pay for it.
Leroy Trujillo for president. His ideas are too good for just New Mexico!
I Will copy "change my mind" here in Brazil, bro. It's ok for you?
Don't waste our money building a wall. Instead, waste our money building an "x-ray wall"! Lol, cause that would be way cheaper. Just a few hundred miles of x-ray scanners! Lmaoroflcopter!!! Some people are just stupid...
Walls don't stop planes. Before watching the full video, I'm guessing no one brings this up
What surprises me most about this video, is how both of them were FOR the wall, but still say they're against the wall xD
Why is a Canadian so worried about the US
I just think its stupid to spend that mount of money on a wall when they could spend it on helping the U.S. citizens they are trying to protect.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2018/06/19/two-charts-demolish-the-notion-that-immigrants-here-illegally-commit-more-crime/?noredirect=on&utm_term=.01c164232b90

I'm just curious as to what source Steven got his stats from indicating that illegal immigrants disproportionately commit more heinous crimes relative to actual citizens.
X-ray gate XD NUUUURRRRRRRRRR
Were Gunna build a giant x-ray around America 
How do you have  gate to go through without  A WALL?
Is that second interviewee in college?  He's barely cogent.  Good luck New Mexico if you ever elect this guy to any office.
2/3 of illegal immigrants do not cross the border illegally.  They come to the US through work visas, then don't return after they expire.  So most illegal immigrants actually do enter the country legally, they just don't leave.  I think money could be better spent elsewhere than on a wall.  Also the wall will not stop the flow of drugs due to the fact that most drugs are smuggled in via tunnel or boat.
Speaking of illegal drugs....
9:56 "Documentation"  Bizzactly.
Too many stupid people. They need to die for the greater good for civilization.
Anytime you hear Steven talk about stats ignore him. If you torture numbers enough they will confess to anything. Put that money into stopping the war on drugs. People are fleeing South America because of the drug war. It is just like prohibition was in the 1920s with the mob. End the war on drugs, that will take away the money that these gangs kill each other over, take away their funding in general, that will make people not have to leave South America in such high numbers, and it will relieve our police departments. Building the wall does nothing to fix the root of the problem. What happens when they spend billions on the wall and it doesnt work? They will just blame the democrats.
You know who else built a wall? Nazis
A  wall isnt going to help. It is just a waste of money. Nobody wants criminals coming here. But a wall is just a waste. Spend that money on laws and legislation that actually works. Most illegals come on planes or through visas.
I really like this guy-- but is he really supporting that wall movement?
War in Syria would cost as much as 10 walls.
Bring back Yusef!
New Mexico is in trouble with that guy lol
In my opinion it would be unecessary to build the wall because they would find a way to come one way or another just as the lady said
Im against illegale imigration but isnt building the wall fucking retarded? Costs a fuckload of tax money and it wont really be that efficient?
I dont live in America so i am i missing something?
AHAHAHAHAHA why should we keep illegal immigrants? "Just tax 'em... give them citizenship and tax 'em"
I'm not for the wall. I'm for THE GREAT WALL OF MERICA FUUUUUUCK YEAHHHHHHH!
We Americans should not allow Jews and other mud races into our country. Period.
I my teacher once told us that building a wall would make Mexicans think we don't want them and it will make them sad. He then went on a rant about my Capitalism sucks
The LEFT couldn't careless about this women here LEGALLY. They figure they've already got their votes so the left is illegally stockpiling illegal voters for the future. The left is really a crime syndicate family trafficking in humans. Isn't human trafficking illegal? Crooked Hillary got away with crimes so I guess their all in the clear.  UNLESS, WE ALL VOTE REPUBLICAN THIS MIDTERM!
always impressed with stevens calmness and great communication skills while being open minded
RIP XXXTENTACION
Im latin and that guy is fucking stupid and Im embarrassed for him.
That guy took a bump right before this!
this kid will also be on the next episode called "Don't Do Drugs: Change My Mind"
Do a Change my Mind: The Earth is Round
X-RAY WALL
Lol.  That last guy was unintelligible.  Love how Steven just let him talk.
Does anyone know if Disney is buying FOX NEWS in the big 21 century fox deal? I heard it was going to be called NEW FOX NEWS. If Disney own fox their will No longer be a CONSERVATIVE NEWS NETWORK! Just heard it and was wondering. Thnxz.
the security was a good idea,
New Mexico is the most uneducated state in the US.
We don't need a physical wall, we need an xray scanner that is also somehow able to read ID tags and track people everywhere they go. That is much less invasive than a wall and these "borders" people speak about, we just need a few masterminds to come up with it.
Youre arguing against idiots
3:00 see thats the type of silence that allows these criminals to take advantage of good hard working people. The wall wont do much to the crime rate but it will force more enforcement in the border.
2% morning milk is better than 1% milk

Change my Mind
Was that first girl drinking a damn tree. Lmao
Woman: "If they build a wall they will still find other ways to get in"

Steven: "yeah but you already said you're against them coming in and you want to find a way to stop them"

This is the same thing as a person who says "if we ban guns they will still find other ways of committing acts of violence"

And them someone else responding with "but you've already admitted you dont like acts of violence and want to stop them"

Yeah dude, I just told you that way doesnt work, are you listening?
Free flowing x-ray borders!
Love,
 the future governer of new Mexico.
Jesus I think I actually got dumber from watching this; first off you only showed the most incoherent scattered brain arguments to oppose your views and make you look smarter, then you just make up facts to support your views that are not supported by any actual evidence. Your claim Illegal immigrants commit crimes at a disproportionate rate is a blatant lie and here is a study from Oxford that shows youre full of shit 
http://criminology.oxfordre.com/view/10.1093/acrefore/9780190264079.001.0001/acrefore-9780190264079-e-93
11:37
Pineapple doesn't go on pizza
change my mind
All illegal drugs should be legalized and all legal drugs should be prohibited. Change my mind.
Looks like we're building a wall.
Crowder this Change your mind is really misleading. We have a wall, so are you saying build the Wall Trump wants? Or that we should or shouldnt have a wall. Honestly we dont need a super expensive wall just more border agents and money used to help them better patrol those areas
Didn't change my mind. Build the wall!
Building a wall will not solve the problem.  Most illegals are not Mexicans.  It is time to treat illegals like criminals.  Stop giving them our resources and kick them out of the country.  If they come back, they go to prison for a while, then get kicked out again.  If they come back after that, keep them in prison for even a longer period of time.
Walls historically don't work. When we put up the border fence in 2005, all it did was demotivate Mexican illegals from going home. The number of illegals in America increased in the next couple years by 250%. Here is a proper video about how well walls work.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AfVENwfeGHw
Electronic ID tag? Slaves be lovin' their enslavement. Iron chains are barbaric but electronic ones, meh not so much...
that guy was brilliant- he makes Diane Abott (UK Politician) look like a genius
I can't wait for Crowder's next video titled Putting Kids in Concentration Camps is Ethical. Change My Mind.
All white people are racist change my mind
God is alive change my mind!
Haha, scientifical!
Aren't the majority of illegals here the results of over staying their visas?
Man that  guys iq is his shoe size
Here is my question you dumb ignorant Person how do you make people walk through your xray gate if there's no walls blocking them from going around?

Please find a different job idea. You are not fit to be the governor of the hallway in the apartment building you live in. 
Maybe you can be a cop or a manager in a fast food restaurant. They are always  willing to lower their standards to let in more diversity.
Subscribe to my YouTube channel | Change my mind
Love the Mexican people and most all the countries in South America.. the issue is securing the nation.. a nation without security is synonymous to a house without a doors or locks.. who in the right mind would like to live in a house with no security?  The idea of saying yes I agree we need to make people register legally to be in the US, but I dont believe we need to have walls is either trying to stay on both sides subconsciously or lying to themselves.  Its like drinking a diet drink but regularly eating unhealthy high calorie meals.. what good would that do?  The real reason the democrats pander to the illegals is they know they will be a source of future votes.  Lets call a spade a spade.
Yousef at UIUC was destroying Crowder before he Crowder sent him away for "being mean" look at the video if you dont believe me
Drugsuh
ive watched enough vox to know its just another propaganda outlet to tell us what to think . crowder should set up shop in dc and hit up Politian's
2 reasons why you shouldnt build the wall.
1. Itll put the US trillions of dollars in debt.
2. It wont work, migrants will just cross the Gulf of Mexico in boats.
she tries to cover the microphone and thinks it works XD
Please do change my mind police are not killing black people 4 no reason but racism
I feel like the issue was hardly argued
Xvideos is better than pornhub. Change my mind.
Im a US citizen with family in Mexico. I visit them often in Mexico. A funny thing happens when I come back home. I present my documents at a point of entry and am let back in to the US. My point is that the fear that you wont be able to come back to the US if youre legal is absurd.
These sit-downs were pathetic... I mean, most people walk up to this pavillion randomly, not having prepared anything on the topic, and face off against a well-spoken pundit who HAS prepared for these talks... yeah, it's not really fair for them, and Crowder controls the editing. But still, those opinions were weak as fuck. I'll bet these people came up with better positions 5 minutes after walking away.

Here's the reason the wall is stupid: it's economically inefficient, it's insulting to Mexico (our ally, for now), and it's fairly ineffective given what Trump purports that it will do.

1) The wall is COSTLY. We're talking many BILLIONS. We could put all our illegal immigrants on perpetual welfare for that kind of money. It's also extremely costly to lock them up in detention centers. It costs more than many hotels. Deportation, plain and simple, is the most cost-effective way to limit and deter illegal immigration, which is why Obama was dubbed 'deporter in chief.' And Mexico will NEVER pay for the wall, anyone who believed Trump when he said that is an idiot. What would force Mexico to pay, eh? Nothing, that's what.

2) It's not physically possible along the entire border. There are areas with a giant river and areas with mountains. It's not actually necessary to build walls in locations where there are natural boundaries and would be a waste of money to essentially 'double up' those defenses, which would then also need to be maintained.

3) Wall prototypes are weak. Just watch Penn & Teller's episode of BULLSHIT! about Immigration, they tear the idea of a wall to shreds.... literally. And this was long before Trump. They get a few illegal Mexican workers to build a section of wall (not fence) that was proposed by the Bush Admin, and then at the end of the day tell these Mexicans they need to get over, under, and through the wall. Some tin snips, a shovel, and a blanket to cover the barbed wire were all that was needed. Took all of them less than 5 minutes to get through, regardless of the route they took. In fact, going over the wall seemed to be tougher than going under or through it. Now, you want to make that wall even more robust and impenetrable? Okay, then see Issue #1, above. Every panel, every stick, every roll of wire and every rock placed costs TAXPAYERS.

4) People who live along the border, even those who voted for Trump, HATE the idea of building a wall there. Because of geographical considerations the wall would have to be moved BACK in many areas, ceding ground to Mexico and even cutting properties of American residents there in half. Some, if the proposed wall were built in some areas, would find themselves on the other side of that wall, and these are white American citizens, middle class home owners, that we're talking about. Those closest don't even want it, so that should tell you something.

5) More immigrants have been leaving the US than entering it; we have been experiencing a net loss over the last decade. There is no sound premise that makes building the wall a good idea because it's addressing a problem that basically doesn't exist. It's an answer to a question no one asked.

https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/worldviews/wp/2017/01/27/even-before-trump-more-mexicans-were-leaving-the-us-than-arriving/?utm_term=.68e5104113e2

6) Crowder is pulling some strange numbers out there, saying that immigrants commit more crime than citizens. I want to see his source for those numbers. The studies I can find conclude the opposite, that immigrants are overall less likely to commit crimes -- and why wouldn't they? They have more to lose if caught than the average citizen.

https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2018/06/19/two-charts-demolish-the-notion-that-immigrants-here-illegally-commit-more-crime/?utm_term=.2da53c5b7998


So, in short, the wall is a stupid waste of money. That's why it should not be built. Because I'd rather have my taxes go to non-stupid things if at all possible, and I'm surprised that there are so many Trumptards out there who don't see it that way. I guess for them fear beats representative taxation.

If anyone has issues with 'left-wing' Washington Post, fine. Show me your sources that contradict them and I'll take a look. Just don't use that as an excuse to quickly conclude 'fake news' and walk away like an intellectually apathetic cuck.
It's unfortunate that this is the best content you got.
that guy is really retarded, there are so many big holes in his story, it's amazing somebody with his intellect hasnt died from bad decisions.
holy shit that mexican dude is hilarious reminds me of a schizo on the bus
Essentially straw man arguments. Why don't you get experts, put together a panel of moderate thinkers?
X Ray boarder
Its bad vs good
I could argue the point better but I actually disagree with the position of open borders and not building a physical wall to deter illegal migration. It's a pipe dream to think transportation will improve greatly within our lifetime. Cars, mass transportation, and international travel have no realistic, cost effective upcoming technology that will make drastic change. Drugs have been given lip service by our officials for the longest but if a concrete potential solution like a wall or enforcement of currently ignored laws come up people panic. It makes no sense to not use common sense.
pretty sure youre just handpicking the people with the worst opinions to further your point
You're the man Crowder, you execute you point of view perfectly and seem to stump people on basic knowledge.
This guy should be an add as to why we shouldnt perscribe adderal.
Scientifical
Okay, let's make all the Mexican immigrants write an essay. But because most of them can't read or write they won't be able to get through! Ha! That'll get em'.
How is someone so dumb, willing to sit down and get schooled in front of thousands
LOL the guy arguing against the wall is unknowingly pro-wall
7:08 I absolutely do not commit any crimes dullard.
In fact I think I've been a much better person because of Trump and everyone knowing I support Trump I'm always on my best behavior.
These guests were pretty dense...
Jesus this guy is the dumbest fuck ever.
Globalists are delusional and no nothing about human history
I couldn't even watch this one because the Spanish dude was so irritating
Crowder do you give these people aptitude tests to see how inept they are?
Building a wall is simply going to cost a fuck tone, Mexico is not going to pay for it, this wall would have to be built through some rivers lakes which would just make it more difficult to build, building a wall is not going to stop Mexicans from coming into the United States, through out humanity I think it's been very clear that humans allways find a way to go overcome obstacles, there for making the wall close to useless if not usless, not to mention how much it would cost to build such a wall. I think it would be a way better idea to invest in the border patrol to create more jobs in that field, to create a system, to invest in migration centers, that could also create jobs, etc. 

I also wanted to note that it is just wrong for the United States to not receive immigrants, I honestly believe that there are several really hard working Mexicans that can make the United States a better place, of course there is always unethical people in every nation but if we create a a better or improve the system that we have right now we could filter out "the bad from the good"
that one guy basically said make the illegals go through the system legally. how are we going to make them do that? they came here illegally to avoid all of that and if they are undocumented then we can't really just greet them and say ok it's time to pay taxes because we don't know where they are or who they are.
Hey StevenCrowder, I have something that might interest you https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sFAC67RQTZQ
this link has a video with a counter argument to the wall. Don't worry he is a an-cap so you shouldn't have much of a problem with him. By the way an-cap means anarchy capitalist.
If I saw Steven Crowder at a university or street corner and saw him sitting with his change my mind kiosk and I was undecided on a particular issue, would I be able to go up to him and ask him what reasons he has to believe such conclusions or does he only accept people who are ready to change his mind?
Been in new Mexico since 1550's? At one point his family lived under the Mexican government, so some of his family are born Mexicans lol
I can support better immigration laws, but building a wall is just idiotic. You gotta realize that it would take millions, upon millions of dollars to build, and then even more to maintain it, and for what? to increase the sales of ladders and rope? Because that's all building a freaking wall is going to do, not to mention how a majority of immigrants are just overstaying their visa's
I am now dumber after listening to this guy talk.
Steven's such a dick
If you think the whole rhetoric of the wall and its purpose is really about protecting the border, you are either naive, dumb or a bully.
First let me say I am against a wall. I will watch your video to see your points,  I think a better immigratio policy, but our money needs to go to somthing else. Being s husband to  immigrant from peru, she went through all the naturalization and became a resident. And pays her taxes knows English better than most, and is very educated. What are your thoughts on that bud 
Also the majority of immigrants come on work visas, etc..... and stay longer then they are here. So a wall or stronger border will not stop the 60% of immigrants coming on through a plane, staying fr a year or more then never going back. Tell me how a wall will stop that.
His horrified look at the end was priceless lmfao
He said they bring in drugs coyotes ect he said that today fact check ur devoted love to trump
We need more drugs in this country. It's getting harder every day to get what i want. Just make them legal already. Fuck i could go for some oxy right now.
don't build the wall. I need to Keep my illegal Mexican Gardener, Maid, Farmer and Nanny for my family! low wages and huge profit to my business. I love this Country!
http://www.politifact.com/florida/statements/2017/aug/30/matt-gaetz/gaetz-misleads-claim-about-immigrants-crime/
Leeroy is a fucking idiot
CONGRATS ON 2 MILLION SUBSCRIBERS!!! This show is phenomenal
Did he just say "Free thought " lol why am i listening to that guy talk he doesn't know shit
Austin does not represent the views of the rest of our State. They are anomalies.
Big fan of you crowder I agree with you on most things, but this change my mind was a really poor one on both parts. In reality the wall would be a money pit.
That guy makes my head hurt. We should have no borders and x-ray machines that track people that come here. He's trying way too hard to sound like someone with deep thoughts.
Yo, just subscribed.
Im happy that he has a goal to become governor of New Mexico but I hope he never becomes governor of New Mexico.
This just sucks. No good argument was raised against the wall itself. When and where are these done? I'm getting the sense that grabbing people off the street in the middle of any given Wednesday doesn't lead to an intelligent discussion.
because the cost to build, maintain, and monitor a structure of that size is significantly higher than that of illegals sneaking in.

And ladders + ropes exist.
Lets face it, we're all wait for a Mexican wall so it treacle down to own states having their own wall to keep others out.
Illegal Immgriation I tend to lean more right. But building wall is not cost effective at all. Waste of millions of tax dollars... also majority of illegal immigrants are overstaying their visas and not crossing the border illegally. A long term solution is too legalize the current illegal immigrants who have jobs and education and then set a standard of deporting any future illegal immigrants. As much as we want to deport all of them it isnt feasible and the wall is literally a waste of money. And wont really stop anyone m.
Governor  of New Mexico.. the sanctuary city.  WTH?!
Am I the only one cringing when I hear someone openly proposing the institutionalization of the mark of the beast from revelation? Wow. To think people support this and even more don't recognize it....

I propose "God Exists: Change My Mind" or "The Bible Is Real: Change My Mind"
Where the hell are you getting your numbers? 3.5% are committing 37% of all homicides? The highest number I found was 10% and Fox News reported 5% based on 2015 numbers.
Why would anyone debate with Steven without any sense. The guy with the white t is ridiculous.
You need to do "We are a republic, not a democracy".
Wondering where these stats are coming from about illegal immigrants committing violent crimes at disproportionate levels to the general population...Also, just because there are some people in areas where they are being scared into not reporting illegals who are in gangs does not mean that invalidates what was reported about legals not reporting crimes to the police because they are afraid of family or friends being deported. This is anecdotal stuff. 
If I'm not mistaken the current statistic is that 66% of illegal immigrants are those who overstay their welcome on visitors visas. I can't see how any amount of screening or border wall could keep that from happening. 
Also, some of these people are incredibly desperate. You think a wall is going to stop them or their smugglers from coming up with a way to get over it? 
I'm sincerely trying to figure out what good an actual wall would do.
3.5 % of the population but 37 percent of murders in the USA?? wht lmfao. that cant be a real statistic. That has to be skewed. And not that pointing an issue out with another race solves anything but really think of all those white collar men who pour millions into offshore accounts to avoid taxes. That's probably more than any illegal avoids in taxes. Aside from the fact that a portion of illegals that work have fake or borrowed social security numbers and pay taxes. There are still some who don't have papers or legal right to work in the USA of any kind that work under the table but also spend a majority of the money on living expenses here. So it ends up being taxed in a sense. I would love to see the numbers compared but im sure that would be hard to find an accurate statistic for both white collar tax evasion vs illegal immigrant tax loss. But yeah. that is a separate issue and I'm for enforcing the borders to a certain degree but in our current state in society it is a waste of money. I think the idea and the perception of having a strong border is more important than actually having a secure border. It is incredibly easy to cross over and relatively cheap to do so. The math will never add up. The immigrants will always spend a lot less money trying to cross over than it actually cost to prevent them to do so. The solution might not lie on the states but their native country. If you try to prevent them from crossing we will forever be in debt to a losing cause. Not worth it. Spend that money else where like education and police forces for ghetto destroyed neighborhoods. Rebuild broken cities.
Can you source your statistical arguments from more than one entity please?  Very annoying.
New Mexico 575 lol
Build the fucken thing already.
Okay wait a minute, is that guy brain dead or what, how could such moronic ideas be conceived by a human brain.
Where is Crowder getting the stat that illegal immigrants commit 37% of all homicides? From everywhere I looked, illegal immigrants commit fewer crimes than native born citizens, including homicide. One Cato study showed that in Texas in 2015, there were 951 homicide convictions for the year. 93% (885) were committed by native born citizens and 5.4% were committed by illegal immigrants. The rates per 100,000 for native citizens and illegals were 3.88 and 2.9, respectively. So from what I can tell, the data shows illegals commit crimes and homicides at a lower rate than natives. Change my mind.
I see why it was so short... that was painful.  Ugh.  Not worth posting.  I want to hear someone with a real argument.
the 1550s OK
These impoverished nations need to quit over producing their people. If they are already here illegally and want stay they can opt to have their reproductive organs removed.
That guy... Wants to be governor...
alot better to watch when you dont get idiots who dont know what they are talking about
We already built a 6 billion dollar fence on the border, started in 2006, and it worked so well that people don't even know it exists. What happens when the 60 billion dollar wall doesn't work? 600 billion dollar moat? Do we build the wall from Game of Thrones to keep out those Mexican wildlings? When putting your kids in time-out doesn't work, you try a different punishment. You don't chain them in the basement for a year.
Do "Raise US Import Tariffs, Change My Mind"
X ray border...and a mote...filed with sharks with laser beams on their heads.
Steven Crowder is painfully stupid and unfunny.  
Change my mind.
Man... :/ I really liked your show.
What surprised me the most? Crowder wearing short shorts.
you might want to blur her id badge lol
so lemme get this straight, was leroy actually arguing for total surveillance to the point where you can track what cities people go to?
it seems to me that a damn wall would be preferable to the Orwellian tech-hell which that kind of tracking and "xray" borders imply
he makes it sound so nice
This guy wants to chip people
The "I'm not Mexican I'm Spanish" is the argument for every Mexican person who doesnt want to identify as such that dude was Mexican af lol that accent come on chief
This guy writing his candidate entry for governor in crayon
A wall is absurd, but an x-ray-type scanner covering all of thousands of miles, that is feasible!
Net flow of illegals leaving the country is higher than coming in, most illegals fly over and overstay visas instead of jumping some fence. Wall is a waste of money.
Mostly I agree with you on most topics, the wall however I disagree. Not because of the reasons most people are against it. I don't think it's racist or any of the other rhetoric.

1: We are 21 Trillion in Debt and need to work on that. 
2: Most illegal immigrants arrive by plane and overstay their visa, walls won't stop that. 
3. Boats 
4. Tunnels ... 

So to make a short story long, the wall is a really expensive ineffective stop-gap , that if I had to guess was more about a visually symbolic monument for Trump's ego than it is about actual productive immigration control.
You should start with the question "do you lock you doors at night"?  Boom you want a wall, if you don't trust the people right next to you why should we trust people from hundreds to thousands of miles away?
If you're so worried about Bridging the racial divide of this country maybe you should go troll Obama Hollywood the music industry can black lives matter Pages believe me and my little comment alone
Dang Steven I had a lot of respect for you up until this Video.... just another republic sheep listening to whatever trump says and vomiting back out with ridiculous argumentative points. Sad.
This guy with the camera was just so stupid.
My question is... Will building a 3 billion dollar wall really stop illegal immigrants from coming to this country?
hahaha basically the guy at 10:30 believes that all the illegal immigrants can be magically accounted for and can be forced to become legal. Technology will solve everything lol "xray border" lol.
I'm a free loader and cheap prick
id like to see There is/Isnt a god, chance my mind
lol  1-800-call- ice
8:30 so we should reward people who come here illegally by letting them pass the people who are patiently waiting in line for citizenship?
This guy is a loser, weasel, racist and a moron...
Kinda sounds like that dude is suggesting microchipping illegals... hmmm
Leroy should ease off the meth
Leroy is so passionate on the issue, yet has no idea what the issues are or how to address them.  That's America today, passion and feelings rule way too much!
An xray gate wtf
Future Governor of New Mexico 
Dont vote for Leroy lol
wow, he just raised the bar for idiots everywhere. No longer will common idiots stand out!
So Im curious, does he actually have these views or does he propose them for the sake of argument?
X-Ray Gate and hall passes. Problem solved!
70 billion to build. Defeated by a 5 dollar ladder. Walls don't work. Not to mention the symbolism. On one border, we have a statue welcoming the poor, hungry masses. On another border, we have a wall to keep out the poor, hungry masses. America.
10:27 Crowder's face trying to not burst into laughter
I wanna become governor uhhh one day uhhh well in my head its uhhh kinds clear uhhh well when i get high at my buddys house its all clear man uhhh.    Sorry for the bad grammer i was trying to sound more like our friend. Sad thing is ine day he might be a governor.
Unfortunately, this is indicative of people who get fired up over emotional politics. Facts are not known nor accepted.
Fake Spaniard 2022 - For New Mexico Governor.
We need a pt 2 of this fast
Id be curious to see your views on whether recreational drugs should be decriminalised and regulated, whatever your stance I'd love to see if you could change my mind. I believe less people would be at risk of accidental death and also the crime around drug culture could disappear
Planes fly over walls.
Boats go around walls.
A giant physical wall around the entire country would be expensive.
And some bad people agree with this and if it goes through it will make them think it is a win for them, which would encourage bad things
OMG.....clueless
Do "Slavery was a choice. Change my Mind" Allow me to explain why;

I just watched your pro-life video... If a woman is raped and becomes pregnant, you don't believe they should abort. To you, this does NOT mean you are forcing them to keep the baby since they have a choice. This would mean that even if pro-choice laws were not passed, that doesnt force people to keep babies and NOT abort. They can still choose to not take care of the baby...

With this same thinking, you would agree that slavery WAS a choice then. Right? Because "Option A vs Death and/or Mutilation" is STILL a choice.
Pretty much every study Ive seen suggests that illegal immigrants commit less crimes so this 30+ percent thing Im not really buying.
hes been watching to many science fiction movies x ray border looool
Because it will cost 20 Billion dollars and you guys apparently give a shit about the deficit. Because you would have to build the wall over mountains, through villages, even through a National Park. Because we net loose immigrants each year and this isnt a real problem. Because it was just a giant scam to get Trump elected and he has no intentions of building this thing whatsoever. 

Steven Crowder is a failed comedian who sold his soul to the Koch Bros. in order to pay the bills: Change my mind.
I feel bad for the first lady.  I'm currently living in Evergreen Alabama but when I first was legally approved to live in this country I lived on Chicago's south side.  I know what its like to not feel safe in your own neighborhood.
Hey Steven I was wondering if you can answer a question for me recently I watched an interview with Jordan Peterson about compelled speech and the argument was presented that should people be able to refuse service to black people if so why:especially since not letting people refuse service on the basis of race seems to have turned out to be a good thing for our country. If you shouldnt be allowed to refuse on the basis of race then how is that different from forcing people to use proper pronouns. Hope you read this comment and thanks for all your content
XaRAy GatEs
That guy is literally proposing the government to track your every move 24/7...... In order to defend illegals. Holy fuck
Cock in mouth not my ass.
Change my mind
So this guy is against keep out illegal immigrants, but he is perfectly okay with implanting tracking devices in US citizens and tracking their movements. My god. If you're in New Mexico do not vote for this guy lol.
if from the first day you put your feet in another country you disrespect the law to come in, what stops you from not respecting the rest of the laws? The Law is the Law even if you are not aware of it and it applies to you even if you disagrees with it!
Pokballs should be colored by gender
Change my mind
There are so many people who are just flat out dumb and uneducated and part of some "oppressed" group that the Democratics just waltz in and brainwash with leftist ideology
the ignorance of people is staggering
First of enjoy your videos,just wanted to say a couple things like. Most illegals do pay taxes, how you may ask well they get a job with a someone elses social security, there for do pay taxes, but also dont get any benefits, like social security retirement for working under that social. Of corse only benefit would be to get to work.
For me as a citizen of Berlin I can't really understand how building a wall is an option. The Berlin Wall got a lot of people killed if you didn't know. They had spring guns and mines everywhere. It was called "Todesstreifen" which translates to "death strip". Who says that this "wall" would be different? I think it would be barbarous to make people fear for their lives just because they try entering a country illegally. Maybe some of them are criminals, but even if half of them had a criminal record, the other 50% were innocent people up until the point they try to cross the border illegally or not?
Do cultural appropriation is a good thing change my mind
I think the general public is rarely equipped with the talking ability to articulate valid counter arguments. It makes these "change my mind" segments hard to watch. 

I think it would help to contact some experts on the subject and also have them sit down and speak on the subjects to balance the quality of the content.
Okay somebody please explain why this would stop immigration. No one has ever answered this question for me. What is the point of something that can be defeated by a ladder or a shovel? You're just throwing a billion dollars away.
We might find some areas where we disagree, versus where we disagree...
Did this guy seriously say that we would have no borders in 5 to 10 years?
Somebody get this Spanish guy off the mic!  X-ray backpack is this guys new name.
Xray Scanner... I'M OUT!?
All in All were just Another Brick in The Wall... Pigeons.!
LOL!!! Stevens face at the end! 
If theres no border whats keeping them from not getting a digital tag and just walking through
PS4 is better than Xbox
Im waiting on this guy to upload Other races are inferior to white people, change my mind
 wow that guy.... the US can't even afford a wall and you're talking about an x-ray type of border, how will you even scan whatever chip reading device you're talking about when they are Illegal, obviously you'll need to get that thing in their body for it to work, you honestly think someone about to Illegally cross the border would come get tagged so you can spy on them while they are in the US?
wow, what that guy wants seems to be way worse than a wall
that guy you spoke to lowkey explained how they might bring forth the beginning of the Mark of the Beast
If your a legal citizen you can come back..  honestly fair point mate 
BUILD THE WALL WITH GATES.
 simple
Why is this guy pretending he's not a Mexican?
Yeah I dont at all agree with this one. Building a wall this scale would do nothing but cost outrageous amounts of money, and really hurt the areas it is built, both environmentally and civically. It just doesn't seem to make much sense at all. Besides historically large boarder walls have proven to be almost completley ineffective in keeping out migrants. One this scale would not complete the job any better, and I dont really see how that isnt completley obvious. 

Besides, net migration from Mexico is in the negative, more Mexicans are leaving the states than coming in. I feel like the issue of immagration has been really bloated by the American media in recent years. Of course we shouldn't condone illegal immagration, but we should also understand that the cartels have taken control of mexico in certain areas. Deporting poor people and putting children in internment camps isnt going to do much to change that. Rather than take the iron fist approach, which has never worked. It is my opinion that incentives should be put in place to migrate legally, the US is not an easy country to move into. Making it harder just makes more people migrate illegally. Unfortunately, immagration friendly policy will never be popular in red states.
Steven Crowder you need to try that topic again somewhere else.
The Governor of New Mexico? I hope to hell not...  but who knows. Tons of moron apologists talk just like him.
This guy wants to be governor of NM?

Wow.
Just WTF WTF WTF NO WAY THIS IS TOO GOOD
More than 75% of Latinos use some form of welfare and they don't believe in or support the US Constitution.  That's why the political left wants an open Southern border because Latinos vote Democrat by 3 to 1 because they want a bigger gov't that gives them more stuff.
Always nice to get a genuine Spaniard's take on our immigration policy.
WOW 
People you're missing the biggest issue. If you allow companies to keep hiring illegals they will keep sneaking in. Sure they have cracked down a bit,  but for the most part they easily find work,  or they wouldn't be coming in by the millions. The argument that regular Americans wouldn't do the work is nonsense. When you're paying illegals under minimum wage of course nobody will apply. Companies obviously take advantage of the fact that they will work for peanuts thus increasing their revenue. They don't have to offer insurance etc. it saves them tons of money. So you're saying companies that follow the rules deserve to lose to the competition?
They will just make a tunnel. Waste of money
News flash!  China already has a personal tracking system for every person in the country, and it turns the whole thing into a prison without walls.  It knows who you are, where you've been, who your friends are, and much more personal information and it you.  Do they  only use this system to track your whereabouts?  Not even close.  All this data assigns a score to you.  That score is then given to banks, credit agencies, and employers who then use that number to determine if you can get a loan, operate your own enterprises, or even what kind of jobs you can do.  We've seen what the government does with information and power.  Why would we ever consider giving it more of both?

Back on topic, America is actually one of the few powerful nations without a fortress for a border wall.  Will people still get over/under/through the wall somehow?  Of course.  Will they still be able to WALK ACROSS the border once a 30 foot concrete structure is in place?  No, and that will stop all but the most determined individuals from trying to get here illegally.
Everytime i watch these i cringe. The people that are so eager to talk never seem to have concrete points of views. They have no fact based knowledge and always end up agreeing with things you say. 
A country with no borders is a man with no balls 
wait i agree that some sort of secured borders should be created however why is trump making the mexicans pay for building it. 
and anyways what if they use aeroplanes to come to america
That reminds me of listening to my buddies talk at 4am when they're all coked out and drunk/high.
he looks like chris evans
Never before have I been so powerfully aware of the Central and South American contingencies of anime fans.
Honestly....come on Crowder. Are you turning into some sort of Trump shill? Its pretty self evident that this idiotic wall idea is a massive misappropriation of funds for a country already riddled with financial issues. Oh and historically, walls don't work....so there's that....get back to work with strong and balanced arguments.
Well you could have found someone that understands what they're talking about. 
Good ol' Leroy pretty much just sold your wall for you. Everything he said would imply a need for a wall being built. Lol
Dems gonna support illegal immigration in 2020 debates
Not to say I support illegal immigration because I don't, but do you think links to credible sources would be appropriate when used in the video?... Very little evidence to support the 37% claim. Only sources I could find come from biased republican media.Trying not to fall into to the trap of blindly believing "statistics" that support my arguments.
try your ideas on a small scale first...its called design verification test. let random people into your house. report the results. if it doesnt work on a small scale then its just virtue signaling.
I think you should have interwied Berlin people. They're kind of the experts in walls
Chinese build a wall once
A wall wouldnt matter because most illegal immigrants came here legally first and overstayed.
Your look at the end was exactly the look I had ... " did that just happened?".. lol 
open borders its a fucking health risk!
"I don't know the proper scientifical ray that's used" I'm impressed with Steve's straight face holy shit.
That was one of the funniest change my minds I have ever seen
Can anyone source the illegal immigrants commit 37 % of homicides comment that sounds bogus or he is confused.
This guy is mentally incapable for a video Steven Crowder love your videos alot but this is bottom of the barrel
Love the whole "Change my mind" topic, I think that perhaps you should go on a tour around the more democratic states and perhaps even do one in Canada, would be pretty funny especially because those places have huge amounts of "affirmative action"
1 Who is gonna pay? You (USA) have a ridicilous dept
2 A wall won't stop them, desperate people are creative: they will dig tunnels, cross the border in boats (cf Europe) or even cross the border in the air with old broken airplanes
100% of illegal immigrants commit at least the crime of crossing the boarder illegally.
Lol x-ray gate
Oy Vey Goyim, You don't need boarders like Israel, 
You need to pay your taxes to subsidize the importation and breeding more blacks and browns...
You have no legit concerns silly goyim, we are all part of the human species and are one so boarders are bad...
But Israel needs boarders to keep out all those damn shitty filthy Palestinians...
Stevens look at the end lol!
lol xray gate. derp!
How about we just dig a 40ft wide trench and fill it with spikes and razorwire... on both sides so if they happen to get past the fence they have to get across the spike trench again, but this time with killer bees
# 2 guy is high as a kite!
Dude this guy he is interviewing has some kind of health issue or is under the influence. . .
So he is against building the wall because he thinks we should tax the immigrants... The point is that you can't tax an undocumented immigrant (the kind that would be prevented by building the wall). He seems very much against the wall when what his actual views suggest is that he is for more relaxed immigration rules
Kids in america are so soft...
M8 the wall is way too expensive. Theres no point in building a wall. I really dont think its going to help anything.
Building a wall and border enforcement are TWO very different things sir.
X-ray wall. I'm losing my shit 
Chin chin is God change my mind
We gonna end up like in a sci fi movie with an ID chip implanted at birth lol
"Build the wall" I swear conservatives will uncritically support something just like liberals
I like how the guy is basically just trying to find a different method of controlled immigration and he resorts to a probably much more expensive and complicated method just so he can be anti wall, even if it serves the exact same purpose.
That 1st dude: Please stop talking...
Fascism is good. change my mind.
Just tag all the mexicans like dogs and get them through the x ray gate. Its so obvious now.
So, here is my argument against the wall. cost. pure economics. First, anyone who bought into Trump getting Mexico to pay for the wall, well, here's your sign (cliche, I know, but anyone who did will know what that means). How much is Trump looking to get for the wall now, a few billion right? A few billion dollars for a wall that really isnt going to work anyway? I mean, there are these things called shovels and ladders right? ever hear about the tunnel between Juarez and El Paso? a wall isnt really going to stop much. Jobs? Well, unless more funding goes into the border patrol, there wont be any more officers patrolling, and any construction job will be short lived. a wall alone will build quick and if Trump has his way, the states or local govs will be on the hook for building the wall. Some of these states can hardly afford to keep their roads in good repair, do they have a billion or so to just throw away at a wall and keep it manned and maintained? 
A solution, take a small chunk from our over bloated defense budget and allot it to the border patrol. Get more agents on the ground, better equipped with more modern tech like drones that can easily cover large amount of ground every day, with tech that can more easily spot people than human eyes.
So an even more expensive invisible wall! 
Its so crazy how brain washed Steven is lol anyone else think its weird that he doesnt have one different opposition than the right side? Like not one different hmm kinda seems like its not his own thoughts and opinions and just someone elses
What the hell is this Spanish kid thinking. It's like he skipped class to talk on this show.
Hes not from Mexico, his from Spain, his family has been in Mexico since the 1550s....
one of the few things I've disagreed with him about. The entire ethos and origin of America is a multi-cultural, multi-ethnic society where the only true true Native Americans were moved from homes and tribes relocated so the capital society could continue to grow. The society was heralded as ubiquitously free in terms of society, politics, culture but that has never been the case. Even after the declaration of Independence, black people were still slaves. The wall is a contradiction to the entire birth and origin of the nation. However! What Stephen talks about in terms of the illegal border crossing and cross border drug trade coming from Mexico and Colombia as well the obvious criminal influence and lack of honest working tax paying new citizens from these countries is 100% true. The reality is the amount of entry points cross the border is too vast. Hiring more police to control the border would cause taxes to sky rocket. and poor Leroy suggesting an x-ray I.D tag mechanism, not only at the border, but at various checkpoints in America sounds like a dystopian novel from George Orwell. How do you stop illegal immigration? Stephen probably believes that you have to make it so unbelievably difficult to cross the border, i.e build a wall, that it just would not be worth the hassle. America does have a fear of foreigners though, xenophobia even though all white Americans are descendants from foreign Invaders but then again America never made much sense......
09:51 Electronic ID tag for immigrants?  Dude, if trump proposed that they would call him "literally hitler"
the damage has already been done so fuck it
I like how everyone clapped so he could still feel special as he walked away.
That second guy is fukin dumb
11:40 He went full retard
Jesus that guy was incredibly dumb
He rather want a fucking POLICE STATE then controlling the fucking borders? Fucking insane motherfucker.
nah .. don't need a wall .. landmines would probably be cheaper
If his family has been here since the 1500s why is his accent so terrible. Jesus hes such a disgrace
Leroy needs to retake college
The problem with the execution of this format is that it doesn't welcome disagreeing politely in the first place and it doesn't provide much information to talk about. The statement "build a wall" is a flame, no one can argue about that, and it blocks polite people that want to discuss and are open to change their mind: no polite people comes to you if you don't approach a certain issue with the ways they want. The people that this kind of communication style love are SJWs, ignorant feminists and, overall, cunts. Also, this kind of polarizing absolutes like "there are only 2 genres", "we need to build a wall", "male privilege is a myth" are not good for a conversation: you have to say a "because" afterwards and explain yourself in the very provoking statement written in the sign, otherwise people can't even try to tackle the metaphorical mountain that is your opinion: you have to give disagreeing people a base to start, otherwise is just you with your opinion implying that everyine who disagrees is wrong. I studied communication techniques, so I know what I'm talking about. You're basically asking cunts to come over and cuss you out: if you want an informed discussion with nice people change the way you approach the streets. That said, the topics discussed here are interesting and the format is just, IMO, badly executed but not bad per se. So, good job, subscribed
They could just use a ladder to get over the wall
Mexican guy def got it right on the opiate crisis generated by pharmaceutical companies ,inside the US. Weed traffickers are nothing compared to that
"Usan unos rashos laser que le salen de los ojos"...
This guy like that "surfer" guy from Monsters Inc. (in the Latin-American dub) XD

And he is running for major!? XD XD XD X'D
So does that guy want bar codes tattooed on everyone's forehead?
That's a horrifying fantasy he has bouncing around in his noggin.
So everyone has cancer when they cross the border and the left say immigrants are smart people.
It should be mandatory for high school kids to learn economics, A lot of the political debates that exist know what days would cease to exist.
this "change my mind" video is stevens masterpiece lmfaoooo, Deaddddd...
Dude has a Mexican accent..says he's Spanish/American from 16th century lol.
That guy he talked to is absolutely retarded head zero information why bother talking to an idiot like that. And by definition all illegal immigrants are criminals you are breaking the law when you cross the border illegally
How about instead of spending billions possibly trillions of dollars on a wall how about we make it easier to get a green card and make it free, then also make it quicker to get here legally.
sit down with john oliver
i LOST IT WHEN THE CAMERA ZOOMED IN ON HIM AT THE END!!!
Steven Crowder is a great guy but gives me the "gets cheated on" type of vibes....
He might be from New Mexico but he is in Adderall ville during this video
Adam ruins everything went over this. This is old news.
This isn't an insult: the first lady genuinely sounds like Mrs Potato Head.
securing the border and wasting billions of taxpayer money are not the same thing really, with all the technology we have there have to be better ways, but i guess thats not as easy to chant as build the wall.
who will pay for the upkeep, mexico?
Interesting how there was almost no discussion about building the wall.
I think it would be better to blur all of her out. She's an honest person who was really looking for help. It was very brave of her to do so much.
Wow this guy watchs too much sci-fi
Hell I say Build the Wall, if it doesn't work at least you'll have a lot of pissed off Liberals to laugh at !
I think a lot of people see the big letters saying "build the wall" and dont notice the change my mind and may not understand why you have it there exactly. I think thays why you have less sit down discussions and more yelling
Wall or not imagrants will still come illegally through airplanes or underground tunnels so for me building a wall is fucking ridiculous... We should put that money into infrastructure or school. Maybe more border posts?? Not just a giant fucking wall.. But yeah i agree our borders should be reinforced but a wall? cmon.
"Spanish".. sure pal.
I would like to hear why you think it is a good idea to build the wall? We could go back all the way in the family history(like at tge Nazi-times) and deport all illegal immigrants,even those who live in the states for generations. Who would stay left? I can tell you: native Americans
This guy is a conspiracy nut I'm from New Mexico and I will not be voting for him
So, how do we control people coming in here illegally?
"Make them pass through some checkpoint"
So, a border?
"No, I'm against borders, just do an x-ray gate"
That is a border. And checkpoints occur at a border.
"Let me get back to you via email"
And this, people, is what we're up against.
im what u may call an "anchor baby"...i work, follow the law, & pay taxes. i say fuck it build the wall we dont need more people here especially in California
Because I've been watching Jordan Peterson, I'll have to say that this guy's free speech allows him to hash out his thoughts and develop them, to get feedback on what is right and what is wrong with his thinking. (I'm talking about the last guy, not SC) While I don't agree with his ideas, I'm glad he had an opportunity to speak them. Maybe he'll watch this here and see some feedback in the comments.
The guy he spoke to is literally in dreamland.
god that fucking spaniard is the biggest idiot iv ever seen
Thatguynsaying he's not Mexican but Spanish? Bullshit, I am Spanish, that's a Mestizo if I ever saw one. If some family of his actually came from Spain they sure had a lot of sex with the Indios...
I hope he becomes the governor soon
The "Spaniard" from the 1500s New Mexico should run for governor of an already failed santuary state. It would be soooooooooooooo fun to watch. He would surround himself with "masterminds" 
guys lets put up an xray gate - from go green global (btw xrays shoot off radiation *duh*)
I'm all for immigration into the US, just legally. I think "the wall" has ended being talked about as this derogatory symbolic thing of racism. But if you come legally, then the wall is irrelevant to you coming here because it's not stopping you. It is a deterent for illegal immigration, which is considered criminal activity. Ok, so what is the reason people just want to come illegally vs coming to the US legally? Why aren't they taking the steps to be legal?
Have fun building a wall which will cost so fucking much and will take multiple decades to build. Well america is in debt and still wants to build a wall. America is a fucking Joke.
wow I wish I could talk to this guy
lol the spanish guy tried so hard, but he dug him self into a wally hole, now he looks like a wally, haha x ray machines.
build the wall. get some snipers on it n no more illegals.
Lol what if mexico just gets fucked off and closes the boarder after the wall gets built
Naw dont build a wall.
Build like... an xray wall.
Leroyyyyyy Jenkinsssss!
That dude is retarded
Your ancestors came here illegally, they   Killed, raped and stole the land. Dont complain on illegally immigration when its nothin compared what your people did.
Were there really no intelligent people around the table? ...Or are these two morons the ones Steven chose to feature?
We need x-ray gates and sharks with frikin lazer beams
Wooooowww listening to that guy was paaaaiiiiinful. Digital tags? X-Ray? 
That guy is nuts.....he's the future of this country.......we are going down the tubes FAST!
Anyone else hear him say his family has lived in new Mexico since 1550?
I don't care if you support Trump or not, but building the wall is probably the dumbest idea ever lols. There are so many ways they can get in that doesn't involve a wall lols, it's literally a waste of time and money, your stupid if you think other wise.
How would one install a gate without a wall to attach it to?  Even if it's an Xray gate, how would it be free standing?  Why go through it if you can just walk around it?  Stupid people.

EDIT: Just watched Crowder's closing with that guy.  Stephen, you evil genius, you.  <XD  You're a comedic genius, man!  "Go think about your Xray wall and I'll have you on the show to talk about it."

I BET YOU FUCKING WILL!!!!  BWAHAHAHAHAH!!!
That guy in white is incapable of coherent thought, change my mind.
What a fucking idiot.  So give them citizenship and that's going to magically change the proportion of crimes they commit?

"Hey Miguel, let's go rob that fool!"
"Aw, man, I can't.  I just got a Social Security card!"

Give me a goddamn break.  Stupid, stupid people.
The white t-shirt guy is very.. ambitious.
I'd love to take the free market, small government case for not building a wall and argue with you about it. The wall would be a huge waste of my money that I don't want. Limiting the free movement of people and capital is bad by default. The wall would be a severe misallocation of my resources and hindrance to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness.
Yeah that 37% of homicides number really doesn't sound right lol anybody got a source?

This guy is just trying to get views and likes for his own page/viewers
What would a wall change
Someone has been watching to much Jason Bourne. Magical people will just be tagged as they cross open borders...
Pseudo intellect personified @ 10:04
I don't want a wall either, I like the xray idea... or maybe a moat with sharks with laser beams on their heads
You need to blur and distort that women's voice a bit better, it would suck of one of the illegals shes talking about comes across this
That guy should be a politician...
Steven: Build the wall, change my mind
Dude:  Cars run on gas, but some are electric or diesel. 
Steven: How does that answer the question? 
Dude:  questions can be taxed but shouldn't be asked
Steven:...

I think he's either a troll or high
Foo like just put x ray border foo I seen that in the movies foo like fuck it
That guy is Spanish? Lol no mames
:WARNING: 
proceed with caution in this comment and section.
Second guy.. basically I dont know anything.. but do this. That will help. Thnx I-dont-know-anything guy.
The guy from Spain is an absolute idiot.  He is against the wall, but all for implanting digital devices to track your movements?  An unbelievable invasion of privacy.  This guy is a complete fool.  Do another one of these with smarter people.
If youre not educated on the subject dont open your mouth about it. Ignorant comments like deport them all is just funny like good luck to you if you really believe that you can kick out illegal immigrants in a country built on immigration. Its like people who believe in lets just ban all guns in the United States because of all these school shootings yeah no lol
Most of the people I have talked to have no idea what it's like to live in one of these boarder states and never see or hear what troubles come across the boarder.. we need the wall but we also need a faster and cheaper way for people to come her legally so people are not afraid and coyote runs end.. drugs in this country just make it legal end the cartel... north and south boarder very much needed.. go to other country's let me know where they don't check your passport papers and have there border checks and see if they don't arrest you why should we be any different..
Cocaine is a hell of a drug.
I like his vans
Berlin fuck head fuck it
There is no Illegal Immigration problem Illegal Immigration has been in DECLINE if anything the Immigration System is the real problem
The first guy... X-ray border  (identifying machine that tracks the illegal border crossers).
Walther shirt nice have one, you rock
@8:05 How about we annex Mexico? What do we as a people get out of letting people come here? Land and resources are finite. At what point do we say enough is enough?
I say a fence and electrifying it so it is harder to get in
When they say that everyone is an immigrant!
All the conservative content creators have ads at the beginning that are anti-conservative. 
God is fake
Change my mind
This kid is on meth (white shirt)
I feel like you had more interviewees and they ate you alive... So when you made this video, you posted the 2 dumbest people you interviewed and didn't show us the people who actually outsmarted you.
Walls are expensive use landmines, there are many countries who would be happy to get rid of them. Walls around cities, then fences, then landmines for the more desolate areas but with drones and agents patroling regularly.
You interviewed 2 people... This was the dumbest Change My Mind you've produced yet. And you never even stated your half of the argument. Why do you think the wall should be built? Especially when most of the illegal immigrants in this country came here legally...
Your statistics are misleading.

Here is some information from the US sentencing commission in 2015.

manslaughter (96 percent U.S. citizens); murder (84 percent); sexual abuse (95 percent); robbery (98 percent); drug trafficking (74 percent); bribery (93 percent); money laundering (76 percent); racketeering/extortion (87 percent); child pornography (96 percent); and burglary/breaking and entering (100 percent).

I don't know what data you cherry picked to say that illegal immigrants commit 37% of homicides, but it's a disgusting misrepresentation that has no place in a productive conversation.
:(
X-ray border
And 100% of them are criminals in general by being in the country illegally.
The wall is gonna cost us a shit Ton of money
how much of the 3.5% commit the crimes?  Is it like 25% of the 3.5% commit crimes, while only 12% of the 96.5% commit the crimes.What are the proportions?
My dad promised me hed come back from the store.... Change my mind
How do you stay clam when you are trying to make a point crossword or when your argue?
Any tips.
WTF has this guy been smoking??  
Wow.  These are so painful to watch sometimes.  Some of these folks who sit down are unintelligible.
this guy is dumb as ****!  change his brain! lol
This is a really interesting topic but I wish you had smarter people to discuss this issue with. These people clearly are not very knowledgable and are do not convey their thoughts well. 

Please do this one again in a different area
I love STEVEN so much... this is coming from San Deigo CALIFORNIA too
Can you provide the source that says immigrants commit 37% of violent crimes. I've been searching and can't find that anywhere.
Why the fuck did you go through the trouble of blurring the woman's face but you didn't blur her ID tag?
Steven, where are you getting the statistic that 37% of homicides are committed by illegals? I cant find that anywhere.
How do you make money off of low skilled labor.  The deficit they would add to the economy for social services and medical care alone would put the US in the red right off the bat.  People coming from (mostly) Mexico are coming here to exploit the social services this country offers.  We aren't getting Mexico's doctors, engineers and innovators; we're mostly getting low/no skilled labor.
the flaw with the illegal immigrant statistic is that you cant account for the illegal immigrants that do not commit crimes as they are not registered in the united states
ur mum gey change meh mind
A giant X ray border, wonderful.
13:16 Steven pulled a Jim Halpert skskjs
Steven Crowder is not a comedian. Change my mind
All illegal immigrants are technically criminals.  A criminal is anyone who breaks the law, regardless of the level of legal offense. Entering the US illegally is a misdemeanor, and makes you a criminal by definition. When you talk about murders and drug trafficking, that relates to felonies.  The term 'criminal' is often used to describe someone who has committed a terrible crime, but really a 'felon' is used to describe someone who has commuted more heinous crimes.
I believe we should stop building walls and start building more bridges. Welcome people of every ethnic group and race.
I think a cartoon should be made to show and explain why the wall needs to be built.
Jesus Christ, this guy is retarded.
So he doesn't want a wall....he wants an x-ray wall......
Tax them? Has that not been tried? I think I heard somewhere that someone tried that. Was it Clinton? Bush? I don't know, someone. If I remember right, it failed because THERE WAS NO WAY TO FIND THEM. If they can't be found after taking children they're related to because they skip town with kid in tow, how are we supposed to tax them? Or not knowing they're there?
I think you're full of shit saying your family has been here since 1550- change my mind.
Ladies and gentlemen the new governor of NM lol
What surprised me most is this ignorant unfunny racist guy called Steven Crowder has a youtube channel
Steven's face at the end. He's just like "What the f*ck was that?"
I'm Close Minded: Change My Mind
Did anybody else want to call ICE on that dudes camera cable??
11:28 Good on you for saying that with a straight face
I support you fully, Stephen, but I have zero desire to watch ANY of these "change my minds"... I already know the, and the USA especially, is chock FULL of pretentious, uninformed, SJW douche bags... and frankly it only frustrates me/gives me a headache to hear them babble.
Lol xray border
She had a better idea and point of view
Doesnt most immigration form Mexico come from planes?
He tried to back track so badly wow
Electronic ID implants and xray scanners?? The fuck was that guy talking about
You dont have to build a wall. As soon as they cash a check or buy something major like a car anywhere they need to be taxed and what not. And monitor and making sure everyone follows the laws and not commit crimes that put the public in danger
I bet if Trump proposed an "X-ray scanning, tracking, and taxing system barrier along the entire border" he'd be a racist in this guy's mind.
Let's see... X-ray, scanning, and tracking system along the entire border with funnel checkpoints?  Seems like you just described essentially a wall security system.
This guy is just as stupid as any other Democrat. Pulling ideas out of his ass and using that as a basis for his argument. None of these open borders idiots bother to do real research.
REPORT N DEPORT ALL ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS!! TRUMP 2020 !!!
As someone with 3+ advanced degrees, I cannot even comprehend the ramblings of this utter moron in the white shirt.  It's frankly terrifying that this moron's opinion and inability to put together a coherent thoughts is actually quite common.  He wants everyone coming across to comply and be electronically X-rayed, tagged, and tracked (terrifying thought by itself), and seems to acknowledge the need for checkpoints, yet is against a wall or any other physical security and just thinks everyone will comply while acknowledging rampant crime and people will avoid compliance...  He sees no slowing in the flood of people but is still against borders... And thinks drugs brought in by immigrants is a "small percent."   um. oookkkaaayyy...
This boi has a single digit IQ
It seems that many people have this idea that building a wall is going close our nation off from the rest of the world and vice versa.  I have also heard people claim the wall will be ineffective, as we hear many chime, "they will just find other ways to get in". Others,  some of whom I know personally,  claim the USA is and should be open to all those who wish to enter, believing everyone is entitled to pursuing the American Dream, whether they come legally or not. Humans,  one person in particular said...  We are all humans, not Americans,  not citizens of nations, but humans.  Transhumanism he called it.   The irony of his opinion lies in the fact that he has the Bill of Rights hanging in his living room, but doesn't tolerate opinions that differ from his. Like I said in my earlier comment,  many people are sorely misinformed,  but unfortunately,  many people are also totally brainwashed, willing to believe what master tells them to believe, so long as master says its hip,  its trendy.  Hilariously,  those i know who hold these views,  well,  they seem to think they are badass,  woke,  punk rockers going against the grain.... As they flock together in the name of anti-fascisism and freedom, ironically attempting to shut down anything or anyone they don't agree with.  LMAO yeah,  punk rock! Fucking ants....  Sheep, robots,  Manchurian citizens, cult members,  zombies.... They are so far removed from reality that they have lost all and any appreciation for the natural born rights we,  as humans have, but,  more importantly,  we as Americans, have protected under our glorious constitution.  This brings me back to the wall.... Without walls,  without borders,  we cease to exist as a sovereign nation. Without our sovereignty,  our constitution doesn't matter,  without our constitution,  our rights are no longer protected from those who seek to destroy everything America has become,  what it means to the world,  and what it means for the future of humanity.  The greatest nation to have ever existed in known history needs walls to keep the greatness in,  and the heathens out.
 
I believe people are seeing through the propaganda, especially thanks to the internet, which has been considerably free flowing since its public debut, but the word is out. The globalsit elite's minions have been exposed bare for all those who wish to look, to see. Without walls,  we would end up seeing only what true evil wants us to see. Instead we have the FREEDOM to see all we are able and make well informed decisions as the good men who founded our country intended us to do.  

Thank God for our founding fathers and thank God we, as a nation, were able to lead Donald Trump to the White House. 

This was the longest damned comment I've ever written! So if you read it, awesome! I hope I didn't bore you.

Thanks to all the crew working on Louder with Crowder! I love the show,  the guests,  the parody films and the honest and open consideration for others opinions.  I can always depend on you guys to make me laugh!  God bless and keep it up!

#buildthewall #MAGA #GODBLESSAMERICA #louderwithcrowder #notgayjared #changemymind #freespeech #nationsneedborders #protectourcitzens
#Americafirst
bringing up statistics over and over instead of giving an honest opinion is annoying
I'm really not involved into politics that much, but I do believe there are other solutions than allowing anyone to enter the country illegally and completely rejecting to help the ones who are genuinely trying to better their lives, but can't afford to immigrate legally. If we helped these countries grow and root out corruption we'd be reducing the amount of illegal immigrants entering and building stronger relationships with these nations. I know it's not our responsibility and that we have problems of our own, but I can really empathize with those who reside in the country illegally while trying their best to make a living without hurting anyone. Maybe I'm completely wrong and everything I said wouldn't work, but we should take a more positive approach to the situation. Regardless, take my comment with a grain of salt. I'm not trying to create any heated arguments or discussions.
If you wanna end drugs trafficing problem just legalize all drugs!!
Chinga tu madre wey
Damn I wish people were in favor of civil and intelligent debate. I wish people were smart.
if you searched the entire planet for the smartest democrats and liberals and added up all their IQs, you wouldn't come up with whole number
Crowder: how we solve the problem
CamDude: tax them, make them make a course of some sort
Illegal: yeah.....thats a no from me, my dude.

Basically dont deport them, force them to pay, if they dont wanna pay, cant deport them, so force them to pay, if they dont wanna pay, cant deport them, so force them to pay (...) (will need assistance to fix the loop)

EDIT: watched the full talk with the dude, im sorry for trying to get logic with his toughts , he is an idiot.
That *spaniard" speaks and looks like a mexican. Maybe his spaniard lineage cones from a conquistador raping his aztec great great great great great great grandma
COME TO THE UNIVERSITY OF NORTHERN IOWA, PLEASE.
Xx is alive change my mind
Lets open borders ! and close social benefits!!
change my mind :)
The wall can't stop planes
Im not trying defend criminals but the percent of immigrants that commit crimes is due to the fact that most live in the ghetto. Its not the fact that your an immigrant, problem is the hood. That mostly includes latinos and black people. Most white people dont have financial struggles like the hood.
I wonder if all these statistics he's saying are even true lol it looks like he's just saying random numbeds
Hey you should do a ,  I am voting for trump to get re-elected , change my mind or a ,  Trumps gonna get re-elected change my mind on a college campus
I have nothing other to say than scientifical. A new word from an aspiring gentleman who says he seeks the seat of Governor of New Mexico. Amazing.
What a fake,saying he's not latino but spanish.
You do not have to have a debate about building the wall. It's just a straight up no... It has already been proven the wall would not affect the rate of "illegal immigrants". All your other videos I could follow but this one? nah. Terrible. Don't pick and choose your debates. This video could have had atleast a dozen people telling you an easy and simple answer as to why not.
Well he has the potential to be the governor of New Mexico
Why does the fault always fall back on us?  Why aren't we putting pressure on Mexico to clean up there government,  help there citizens, rid of the drug cartels and the corrupt people in power?  Mexico is laughing in our face and so are the drug cartels.  SMH
This wont be on trending
Oh no he wants to be the governor of my state one day. I wish him well on his goals but I hope his ideas improve on this matter because he sounds silly
That guy is just talking in what ifs lmao
You should really think about hanging yourself from the highest tree
What a freaking mush-head, it hurts my head listening to this guy.
I fuck midgets, eat shit.
The wall is non binary, we can't allow these migrant workers to reproduce democratic party officials to enslave northern Ireland with their Harlem traits! Stop and inherit white privilege its been working since Jimmy Carter was doing it.
X ray gate but no border ....wow so he want a xray across the border...I want what this mans smoking because he was sweating and babbleing bad great job on the pulling stuff out your ass bub.
I believe in stricter border policies but not the wall. Its just too much money and theyre gonna find a way to cross no matter what. My immediate family illegally crossed the border but theyre citizens now.
Everyone making fun of the second guy but he may be on to something. Think about it. Everyone you know has a cellphone or some type of electronic device. It wouldn't be that hard to have them tagged with something. I know it's not full proof but neither is a wall honestly. Maybe with both of them it might help
Try this again at a different venue, these people were dumb
If you support "the wall" your are in fact a complete idiot.... not saying anything about immigration... the whole "wall" idea is the dumbest thing anyone has ever come up with
X-ray gate
37% of the homicides in the country commited by illegal immigrants??? Just flatout wrong by a long shot. Just alittle research  needed to find the real nymbers
I'm a gay clone change my mind
Second guy had no idea what he was talking about lol
liberals would still say no. only time they'll be happy if u just say here America is open everyone can come in mo search no background search just come in. u can be like all illegals are welcomed just have to pass the Us citizen ship. they'll still be pissed and mad
Build the wall out of Mexicans. Problem solved...636% increase in illegals since 2017. It's like a fuking piata exploded.  BUILD THE WALL #maga
That fat lady is probably dead right now. Just blurring her face, not even distorting her voice or blurring the picture on her card? Everyone that knows her in real life knows that that's her.
Well there's a reason why they're called illegal immigrants. I do think however that there should be a criminal record check. As well as like a 3 month (time not concluded) to get a job foundation where immigrants can live in like a public community while trying to get money and not pay taxes. Of course after they will become independent and will need to start paying taxes. And just like any other us citizen (I think) they will have to pay taxes even when going outside of the country. However not yet us citizens.
It seems most people are just sorely misinformed. Those willing to sit down and have a conversation are just waiting,  urning,  subconsciously craving a red pill awakening. The mainstream media has become such a ghastly diservice to this nation's citizens and its time to officially discredit and comtinue to boycott media outlets and other organizations that participate in anti-Trump, anti-American propaganda.
If any of those illegal immigrants know that lady you were talking to first, they'd be able to recognize her. I hope she doesn't get terrorized because of this.
Please Crowder I know what's worked in the past and that can work know if you perfect from the past with out making the wall bigger
He'll make a great governor.
a wall would disrupt wildlife territories, that's basically the biggest reason i can see not to build it. people can work to change their situation but the animals have no control.
Simple solution if the wall can't stop them make not having a work  Visa or a SSN, federal pay maximum/minimum .25cts/hr for jobs no one wants like roadside cleaning, he'll get them doing the worse possible work. Idk anyone willing to shovel shit out of a backed cesspool for .25cts/hr. Hell coastal reclamation work. Send any of undocumenteds that have kids in America as anchor babies back to their origins country with the child. If you want illegals to stop coming the cheap way to the American dream, turn the illegal route into a nightmare.
Im a muslim and ive been watching you for about a year, i have to say that i agree with 99% of what you say. not all muslims hate you (look at the end of the description)
I dont support the wall for a couple reasons:
1. Why not just use the billions of dollars it will take to help veterans who struggle or give money to people who actually need it
2. Pay off the debt first and use money we already have that we save to build wall if we need it that bad.
3. The wall would help but I dont think it should be a top priority.
Gotta say as a first gen Mexican American  That dude was STOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOPID
i just saw an advertisement for your channel leading into your video. well done sir.
This hispanic guy is fucking braindead
Kinda new to these but Im getting addicted. As someone who is firmly in the atheist community, would you ever consider doing a religion based Change My Mind? Forgive me if this is only politics based, but I love hearing varying opinions. Thanks.
Redo this change my mind episode.
that guy was obviously lit... kind of a waste of time..
Why are some of these people allowed to walk around unsupervised?... This guy is out there..
Way to "scientifical" for me.
That dude really said X-Ray border
Steven seems so bored.  Wonder why
Just deport everyone not white. Problem solved.
13 Reasons Why Thanos Had It Right... Change My Mind.
I just don't think that the wall would be effective right now because a large majority of the illegal immigrants living in the United States right now came came legally by plane with their work visas and simply overstayed their visits. There are obviously some illegal immigrants trying to cross the physical border but with so much focus on the issue right now the borders are so tight that it's very unlikely they're going to get through right now anyway. Actually building the wall sounds like a dream where we would have no Financial issues coming after that and starting that project now wouldn't be too wise considering our president doesn't have unlimited time in office. I'm not crazy Liberal or anything but this idea still seems ridiculous.
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2018/06/19/two-charts-demolish-the-notion-that-immigrants-here-illegally-commit-more-crime/?utm_term=.b8da290b85ab
This guy is why we need a wall
The guy starting at 4:10 is pretty slow
Earth is flat yo
this dude saying his goal is to be governor, maybe it should have been passing highschool
http://time.com/4473972/donald-trump-mexico-meeting-insult/ "They're bringing drugs"
The part that surprised me the most was Do a Change My Mind segment on Climate Change with potholer54 coward!
He says hes going to be governor of New Mexico some day lmaoooo.... oh wait, our president is Donald trump. New Mexicans dip out while you still can
Illegal immigrants commit more crimes because statistics? Is that really cause and effect though? Pretty sure poverty goes hand in hand with crime and these immigrants arent living in the best areas and arent born into a lot of money. So lets build a wall around all cities with increased higher percentage of crime lol. Its hard to argue this wall because its just a moral issue and why do you want to kick illegal immigrants out so bad? Because some of them sell drugs? You wanna kick out all the undocumented hard workers that work for bottom dollar at jobs nobody else wants to work at? Okay. Thats not gonna solve drugs or crime Ill tell u that much lol
This proposed X-ray scanner and chipping every human before they cross the border either way would cost way more than the damn wall. Which would cost too much itself.
Please do part 2 of this but find an intelligent individual to talk to. Haha thanks
Steven Crowder is a hack, change my mind.
This particular episode was a real let down. I believe The Wall may be the easiest of Crowders hot topics to argue against, but these people were not articulate or educated enough to defend against Crowders stats and debate prowess.
The guy with a camera is a moron. Everything he says is true because hes been talking to a lot of people and... 

Whoever watches his show needs to wake tf up
People clapped because that guy finally stopped talking... and he wants to run for Mayor of NMC?!?! How can someone be such an imbecile.
is solo soylo?
change my mind
We need the wall enforced with land mines and turrets. Illegals don't get a say in what America does with its borders.
He will need to brush up on his English before he becomes governor of New Mexico. Change my mind.
10 feet, 20 feet, 100 feet tall.
I know a free flowing style thing, it's called ar15 bammmmm
Second guy has no idea what he's talking about
I did some research here and this study actually shows that illegal aliens actually commit less crime than most African American and Caucasian communities under the poverty line. In fact, most communities that see an uprise in foreign-born people actually see an increase in stability as opposed to areas that see an increase in the number of African American populace. Interesting study and I'm sure it's not the only one, but I'd like to know where Steven got the source for the statistics he's talking about at 6:50. Here's where I collected my information: http://criminology.oxfordre.com/view/10.1093/acrefore/9780190264079.001.0001/acrefore-9780190264079-e-93

As for my opinion about whether or not there should be a "wall" to stop illegal immigrants from entering the country, I'm honestly not really sure. I don't know how well a giant brick wall would demotivate people from trying to get into the country.

EDIT: Thank you guys for taking the time to reply. If anyone's getting angry or thinks I'm taking a side, I'm not, I love Steven's videos and I'm simply asking questions. Thank you for those of you that replied with legitimate critiques of the article and my statements. And to the user "I'm unsubscribing" who said "faggot", you're a faggot too :)
Ok now Steven is getting idiotic. Build a wall. That's the best way to stop illegal immigration?
There were no other conversations?
Either that guy is super dumb or super high
im sorry new mexico. your next governor seems fuck'd.
Wow except for the first lady... What idiots...
That guy wants everyone to get the globalist devil mark of the best computer chip in their right hand
Wow! After listening to the second guy I feel a little dumber.
You only ever have people of minor education or little political knowledge to debate. Anyone can win those debates
82% of ALL wealth generated last year was directly sent into the pockets of the world's richest 1%. https://www.oxfamamerica.org/explore/research-publications/reward-work-not-wealth/

It isn't the illegals that are causing your economic anxiety brother. Giving drink to the thirsty should never be an offense of any sort. The world has moved past such barbaric actions through lessons learned from the trail of tears, the nazi's, aparthaid, the american civil rights movement, etc. I'm sorry but you are incredibly naive if you think any illegal immigrant has harmed you in any way ever.

Honestly, a good percentage of those aliens work and can never collect on the social security, unemployment, or pretty much any program so as a result, these people fund our programs and never collect, giving "natural born" americans a surplus. The factories moved to mexico, the mexicans didn't move into the factory. No one took anyone's job, at least in any statistically significant number (I should state I am unaware as to the state of the "migrant farmer" labor pool among 39 year old white males but I doubt it is bursting at the seams so to speak.) the jobs were simply moved away or automated. I bet anyone who thinks they lost their factory job to a mexican actually lost it to a robot and the mexican is just there to sweep the dust.

The drugs don't come in on border crossers either, you can get far more just through the post, with less witnesses. Often traffickers will ship heavy work trucks or front loaders, basically any equipment, stuff the gas tank full of drugs, and take some metal off to make the weight check out normally, and just ship the truck. Why strap 50lbs of dope to some poor immigrant who could go anywhere and use any name and instantly make a couple years salary when you can ship your buddy a caterpillar dump truck with 500kilos in it? Also you can get smaller amounts through customs fairly easily, just in an envelope. The drugs should be legal anyway, and trust me, there's a few thousand characters coming your way after this post showing why.

What else do y'all say about undocumented persons? Crime? They commit far less crime than Timmy or Susie down the road, statistically. One fifth actually to be specific. We could probably get this number lower if the aliens here could call the police on the criminals amongst them without fear of deportation. That's a part I don't think you really get, if they're in their neighborhood and see a mugging, and they call 911, they might end up on the same bus back as the criminal, and all his buddies back home are just waiting to kill them. Is that just? Does that please you if it means your imaginary line was abided by? You might argue they commit less crime because we kick them out or other ridiculous nonsense, but they actually thought of that and looked at the specific causes, and because CNN and NYT are "fake news" here's the direct study http://www.nber.org/papers/w13229.pdf. You'll want to read the "Abstract," just in case you weren't familiar with academic articles, something tells me you lot don't read too many of them. It's actually because the groups that self select to make the difficult and arduous journey, are actually the same kind of folks who believe in working hard to better your life through blood, sweat, and tears, so their kids can have it easier than they did. Sounds pretty god damn American to me.

All recreational drugs should be legal. We need to end the ban of all recreational drugs. There are numerous reasons for the legalization of all drugs. I'm in the northeast USA, I see the opioid epidemic first hand and overdoses would be much rarer in a legal regime, as they are primarily a result of fentanyl being used as a cut, or much more rarely dealers setting up a hot bag designed to cause an OD to show the comparative strength of their product compared to competitors. Prohibition of any substance is bound to fail, as it completely ignores human nature. Furthermore, the vast majority of negative effects of heroin, meth, or other "hard' drugs are actually a result of the illegal black market and wouldn't be present in a legal regime, not to argue they're harmless, certainly not, but you simply cannot write off the overwhelming amount of downsides solely resulting from the legal situation.

the war on drugs serves no purpose other than giving police carte blanche justification to violate americans fourth amendment rights (searching vehicles because they "smell weed", stop-and-frisk, etc.), ignores the rights of many in the developing world, fails to stem the supply of any drug, stigmatizes people simply for preferring substances other than booze (which is actually more harmful than any other recreational drug; source: http://www.thelancet.com/journals/lancet/article/PIIS0140-6736(10)61462-6/abstract), funds illegal gangs, cartels, and terrorist organizations, and creates an enviroment where both users and law enforcement are at an immesurably greater risk of injury or death. No knock raids put police and citizens at great risk for little reason, usually in the name of the war on drugs. When distribution is in the hands of criminals they are likely to maximise their profit margins by enhancing their product with fentanyl, as it's cheap and 50 times stronger than heroin (To illustrate it's affordability I was once given a free 100mg sample of pure fentanyl hcl, all it cost was postal charges); this is the primary cause of the overdose epidemic gripping America. https://www.therecord.com/news-story/7316428-fentanyl-found-in-80-per-cent-of-street-drugs-tested-in-b-c-study/

In a legal regime the government could produce drugs, sell them at cost through state drug stores, ensuring adults only have access and that they are sold things in proper dosage increments and standardized purity, with sterile, safe paraphernalia (To prevent transmission of diseases and damage from old or dirty gear). The tax revenue could fund responsible use drug education and allow treatment centers to be better equipped and more effective, this would also help reduce the stigma of both drug use and abuse, with abuse being treated similarly to alcohol abuse is. Harm reduction measures such as reagent testing, injection and use sites, etc would further alleviate problems arising from use as well. It is against the value of liberty to prohibit recreational substances from consenting adults, and gives police justification for their militarization that's been going on the past few decades.

Small town law enforcement does not need apcs and other specialized military and intelligence hardware, it only reinforces societal distrust, nor does every single cop need a weapon on them at all times, they should at the very least have extra training or certification in advanced deescalation tactics or only have them in their car to respond to lethal threats and lethal threats only to lead to them exploring more avenues for deescalation, prior to even considering deadly force. Also, prices of drugs would be drastically lower in a legal market allowing users to partake without breaking the bank financially further reducing property crime associated with addictions.

In conclusion the war on drugs is the single greatest injustice to happen today, and it even fails to deliver results. Heroin, meth, or crack will never be completely eradicated, no drug will be, prohibition just harms users and causes a plethora of problems. Also, to clarify, some substances, ie carfentanil are too potent to not be considered chemical weapons and should still be regulated as such. Until the police unilaterally end enforcement of drug laws I consider them an enemy of the people and an oppressive force designed to keep the working class down at the behest of the monied elite
did he say latins
No border = no country.
20% of Federal Inmate population is Illegals
Yawn, someone get me whatever the backpack guy is on. Lol
Well it is common knowledge that the average American is not very bright and its been proven again.
An xray border.........facepalm
I had to laugh at the Spanish man. He ought to sue and file charges against whoever took his brain cells.
When he started talking about the X-ray scanner auto-identifier I lost my shit

Bless you for this gem of a video
yep an x ray border where we eradicate with eradication
Just invade the world and make one big country. :)
Bahaaa...Crowder! Was that the best of the worst?? Love the potential governer of New Mexico bahaa...gosh it could happen in this day and age lolll
Crowder has blown up
We're 21 trillion dollars in debt
I gotta give the guy credit for trying lol
Steven "I wear checkered vans" Crowder
Has anybody linked to the last guy's video? 
I would be interested as to his take away.
Gotta disagree with Steven on this one. The wall wont stop anything. People in favor of the wall are in favor of any solution that Trump throws at them. They have this fear instilled upon them that people from south of the border are going to rape their wives and kidnap their children. When in reality theres plenty of people born in this country already doing that and worse. The fact of the matter is the majority of the people coming across that border illegally are coming to look for better economic opportunities that arent available in their country, and do not have the resources available to apply for legal entry into the US. Even if a wall were to be built there will still be people coming across it. It is a terrible waste of money that can be used for better purposes. If people feel they have a need to come into this country, they will do it. Where there is a will, theres a way, regardless if theres a wall or not.
Do this again please.
My arguement is simple. It's a waste of money to build the wall. The wall won't fix the drug trafficking issue and there are other ways to get in here illegaly. It would be better and cheaper to expand the border patrol and give them adequate funding. Also, fuck Donald Trump.
these retards make me want to have the wall built so that i  can throw them out of the U.S. and never let them back in.
Oh great, hes thinking of being the next Governor of New Mexico.  On second thought... might be an improvement.  We should get a few mastermind individuals to think this over.
Its hard to watch this
your family was in new Mexico since the 1550s? We didnt even have America then:(
The wall wont work simply because it will increase the number of illegal immigrants in the United States. It will be harder to get into the country, therefore it will be harder to get out, and once they get in, they wont want to take the trouble to go back to Mexico, so theyll settle down in the US. When border control was strengthened in the past, it increased the number of illegal immigrants in America. Also, 1/3 of illegal immigrants come in by plane anyway, and a wall cant stop that
No wall, but an xray border... Reminds me of some people I know...
Christ crowder. Can you bring someone that's not a complete mongrel into these? I'm sure these can't be the best debaters you encounter while you're out there right?
Leroy for Governor! Let's have a huge x-ray gate which will span the entirety of the US-Mexico border! That's what x-rays are for! And I'm sure it'll cost less than a wall! That man is a genius!!!
I do believe there has to be border control but the wall won't stop any1 they will just climb over it a,d the wall is very expensive and it would just be a huge waste although they need stronger border defenses that will be affective and not as expensive as a wall that is not very effective and Mexico is not buying the wall heheh
Um....what?!?!?!  and he was so sincere...aww
I agree with a lot of your views but isn't the stchick of this show is that nothing is edited?  Feel like you did it heavily with the first woman.  Kind of kills your credibility.  Also I realize I edited my comment lol .
If your family has been in mexico since 1500's ... Your mexican
Change my mind
The U.S. Government is only letting the illegals stay and not crack down on them as much because they use them for cheap labor
This guy said he wanted to be the governor of New Mexico! Lol. This dude needs to hit the books. The way he talked and brought up his points were cringe worthy.
Give it up for the future governor of New Mexico 
FUCK THE WALL & TRUMP
I'm a supporter of an x-ray border, change my mind
That Mexican is a dumb fuck.. hahaha
This Change my Mind did not stimulate my mind like the other ones did, like people are saying do it again and lets hope for intelligent people next time
Hey Steven, hopefully you read this! :)
Although I disagree with some of your beliefs and standpoints, I think what you do is important. I have Liberal and Conservative friends and I think that if either one can't have an open and educated discussion about their points, that they run the risk of being bias and ignorant. It's so essential to challenge people's views and our own to maintain a level of evolution. Your talk on hate speech was great. As a black person I've been spat at, jumped, called a nigger, and denied service... But I would never put myself in a position where I would want to pretend that this doesn't exist. When you ban someone's way of thinking you not only violate their rights, but you also take away any chance you have of changing their opinion. The world can't be a place where anything that offends you should be tucked away. So from a modern day Socialism believing, advocate of not raising the minimum wage in Canada to $15/hr, supporter of different gender roles, non-supporter of making people accept your gender role because you said so (or calling it an act of violence), and supporter of gun control... Thank you for challenging my opinion and thr opinion of many others. It's critical thinking that changes the world and you sir are encouraging people to do so.
I don't want to knock the guy down too much so I will just say this: bravo to him for having the courage to "debate" and not result to name calling (liberals). I also want to point out that Steven (cool name by the way) should have given him a bit more of your side of why his point fails so miserably. I mean he was trying to avoid the wall situation so much that he was constantly checking his verbiage as to not speak that word (wall) and eventually couldn't contain himself in the end and gave up the word "gate" at least. I enjoyed the x-ray idea as well as how he kept giving his argument that eventually leads to us needing a wall to funnel those in who need to get to this "x-ray machine". I hope he comes on your show Steven and informs you that he completely changed his mind and wants to keep America great again. ;)
this is the type of retard I want no coming here
Wtf was that last guy
Dude watches too many movies. Arguments were weak, come to Sacramento and surrounding areas
I'm not against the idea of better policies or even increased patrol for border control,  that main reason I would even be against a wall would be the disruption of seasonal migration with the local wildlife.  That's my beef with it.
No human is illegal on stolen land :)
I understand where the second guy is coming from, and it sounds crazy just hearing him speak, yet he might not be too far off from predicting how things may go in the future. I don't think borders will be opened like 5 years from now, but border rules have been getting weaker since their creation. They are probably the weakest they've ever been with the inclusion of sanctuary states and such. The X-ray gate sounds strange, but I think I understand what he means, is like something that could tell what kind of person they are and what their reason for being in the U.S. is, kinda like a lie detector or something. That's what I think at least. It sounds quite sci-fi from what we have now, yet it could be our reality that we'll have smart gates that can tell an immigrant's motives for going into a country. Sometimes the smartest ideas are the ones that sound the craziest.
Leroy has a good heart, but terrible ideas. He couldn't comprehend the fact that illegals don't want to go through whatever he is proposing; and creating a better flow system for (illegal) immigrants is equally as stupid. Leroy, please... please don't run for Mayor.
80% of illegals come by plane...
The natives did not get a wall, so neither do u
There's a lot of people that don't get caught so you cant out them in the statics theres alot of politicians law enforcement.
That look at the end hahahaha. He just wasted his time talking to one of the dumbest individuals i've ever heard speak
I stopped watching at "electronic ID tag"
Cant believe there's this level of stupid out there. Build a wall? For what a metaphor? Its not going to stop anything... Fiscal Conservatives... So stupid they fail at both parts LMAO
An Xray gate-aaaa
How can i deport white immigrants
Crowder come to DENVER!!!
...... "scientifical"
Haha! Steven... I think you finally reached the end of the crazy train that is liberalism. Its like coming to the end of the internet or reaching light speed or reaching infinity. Nobody knows what happens there. Maybe the laws of physics break down and nothing makes any sense.
Wall is an impractical mean of immigration control
love your vids, but no, pls no
TROLLING!!!
That guy in the white shirt is an idiot
You cant change my mind. Change my mind.
Homosexuality is gay. Change my mind
Lol, stick to universities. Maybe less nut-jobs there.
You interviewed idiots.. try the same topic in a different area
Re-tard-ed!!!!
all these people for no boarder / no wall still have locks on their doors why?.
My family has been in New Mexico since the 1550s 
The World Cup SUCKS - Change my mind
Deport every single one.
Snitches get stitches. Change my mind 
Next episode: ITS OK TO BE WHITE Change my mind
Dont do drugs kids.






Aaaaaaaaaand this is the type of people we dont want here lol.
that dude is an idiot, he will never be governor
Lmao this guys logic: make them citizen, tax them. Wtf
Holy shit! The guy at 10:05 is such a fucking idiot. I can't sit and listen to him talk.
I really don't care. Do U?
We need a wall, dumb Mexican make mexican americans (hispanics) like myself look stupid.
Dig under the wall, go through the wall,  over the wall, or around the wall.
They should do this again and find someone with better arguments. One of the main reason why I the wall would be kind of useless is because most people who are here illegally came here by plane. Most people come and just over stay their visas and stay here illigaly. I'm pro deportation but we should focus more on the real criminals aand maybe give people that have lived here for many years and have made contributions and pay their taxes a chance of maybe become a legal resident. There's always. Group of people that gives a bad reputation to the rest of the group. Also most of the illegal people work for a living and pay taxes but can't use any of the benefits. No free health care or any type of help from the government so actually the only ones who benefits from their work it's the rest of the nation. Just my opinion
whats worse a liberal or a canadian acting american ? honest question
That closing shot
Why talk to retarded people when you can get actual policy experts on your show? Could it be you're afraid of what they'll say?
How can that guy simultaneously believe in no borders or countries yet he wants undocumented people to go through an... x-ray border?   into the non country?   To be taxed through... some kind of... not checkpoint?   

Very confused individual.
Not your best "Change My Mind". Only two people, and neither were what I would charitably call "up to the task".At least the college kids had somewhat coherent points, even if they were just regurgitating what they learned at indoctrination camp.  The "anti wall" argument I hear most  is "Trump is just a racist". There really isn't much depth to any of the arguments I've heard against positive border control. None could explain the incongruity when asked why they lock their own doors when they're not  home.
Coke is better than Pepsi, change my mind.
Sweet idiot.
I am a conservative, but crowder was statistically wrong when he talked about illegal immigrants and committing crimes (other than illegally crossing the border).
Nothing like a smart dumb Nigga. 
I could feel my brain cells committing suicide every time that kid opened his mouth.
5:00 - What the hell are "Lah-ins"?
Bless the first woman
Breaks my heart, but she is right. The criminals will find a way. The good people fleeing a war (anyone who has seen a combat situation will confirm Mexico is a war zone) could work out. 
The wall would cost the tax payers too much. Proper intellegence for agencies to fight these dirt bags may help. Proper personal levels at the borders may help. If the Mexican government would get off their asses and ask for military help from all of us (me Canadian eh. Ha) the garbage down there may calm. And yes, strengthen the IRS to tax folks is a good plan. But, they would need other (better) agencies help.

Solid discussions Crowder people!
You should move the banner to a college campus or near one. Had a lot of potential but was soiled by unintelligent people unable to hold a logical conversation.
of course you wear a walther shirt.....why wouldnt you mrcrowder.
Building the wall is a fucking waste of money. Its a piece of faux reflexive nationalist symbolism that would only lead to more covert means of illegal immigration. Lets put more national guard etc. on the border, border patrol, stop splitting up families, stick to strong credentials for asylum and at least deport people as families instead of splitting them up and criminalizing them out right. This president thinks we have billions of dollars to spend and a bunch of capital to spend on a fucking wall, yet our infrastructure is D+ schools are under funded, healthcare is shit. But sure, build a fucking wall. End the drug war which has done nothing as well.
9:40 is why marijuana should not be legal.
Got the add for "there are 2 genders 2nd edition" on this video I came from that one to this one
talk your immigration policy all you want. The wall is objectively stupid. Cost and feasibility alone kill it in the crib
Do you like short shorts? Steven likes short shorts.
In all seriousness how would this wall be build? Like that's a lot of fuckin timber
if that guy ever becomes the governor of new mexico, I"m striking that off my list of places to visit.
For someone like me, who has been straight edge my entire life, it's so obvious when someone is under the influence of obsession, narcotics, or some combination. That guy exhibits several symptoms of dependency.
Seems like he is watching too much cartoons.  All he can say is " i don't know."  Know the facts dude! And stop watching too much cartoons.
It's amazing how moronically unrealistic some people are?
So many decent arguments against a wall and what does he get, some guy  with an X-Ray gate... So painfull
Nobody ever thinks of maintenance of the wall reason being is look at how much of our infrastructure is crumbling
A wall isnt going to stop illegal immigration, I am from a borderline city, and a lot of people in my city have a visa, or a passport, people come and go to the USA, a more down to earth solution would be more legal access for people to cross the border, in my city the line to go into the states was about 2 hours, so, Mexican people are going legally to the states every single day... the vast majority of immigrants are working, because the economy in Mxico isnt the best, the US Dollar is almost the double that five years ago.

That percentage of immigrants committing crimes, isnt going to stop unless your (and ours) justice sistem gets better, anyone in their Community can pinpoint the criminals, but are afraid to acuse them because they are illegal too... 


You are a legal immigrant, from Canada you come from a first world country, most of  people that goes to work from third world countries dont have enough credentials to go for work, but they do the jobs that most us citizens dont want to do.

Housekeeping, gardening, agriculture, you know, ask anybody if the want a job from 5 to 17 for a minimum wage salary.
We take those jobs because the dollar is a more stable currency than the Mexican peso, (I am a high school teacher and even a work at McDonalds pays more than the amount of money I can do in Mxico). 

Work visas, and punishment for criminals is the solution... but as long the illegal immigrants are considered as criminals the real criminals will still hide behind the fear of others.
Ok that Mexican guy is crazy.... funny, but crazy!
Shes a idiot
I love it, "You know, I haven't every really thought about it, but here's my opinion and what I would do."
Thanks for the enlightenment.
All illegal border jumpers are criminals! Change my mind!  That wannabe dem governor is a idiot!
OMG that "free thought" guy is fucking insane hahaha
"Some kind of digital tag, or chip!"  ...what...like dogs?  And a nation-spanning x-ray scanner hahaha!
This guy's never had a real job in his life, has he?  He's so far out in space that he's never had anything to keep him grounded X_x
Leroy was so nervous (I would be too) but I give him MAD PROPS for standing up for the Hispanic community and what he believes in!
The boy at the end was on one 
These people are completely brainwashed by the political poison spewed by the lying media.
 They don't have a clue, what is really going on. Total BS being shoveled down their throat, 
and they ask "please sir, may I have another"!  ....so pathetic
He was thinking about an x-ray scanning border for 3 years???
The Mexican-American male at the beginning asked what percent of illegal immigrants do you think are criminals... I would instantly say 100 as they broke laws, which is what a criminal is, is someone who doesn't follow laws. Obviously an ILLEGAL immigrant has broken immigration laws by coming here, ILLEGALLY!
This idiot wants to stick tags on people from another country just incase they walk into USA? jesus christ the left are beyond retarded.....
3:36 cringe...
His look at the ends says it all hahaha
LITERALLY every idea these morons came up with, would require a wall first.


LETS TEX THEM,   yeah?  how?  
If there was no line at the movies people would just waltz in and sit down.  Why does no one understand this?

Furthermore, illegals have a tough time as it is coming into this country and working the shittiest jobs.
Many of them are standing in the parking lot of Home Depot right now waiting for their next gig.
You want to TAX those people?  They didn't come here illegally to pay taxes idiot.

Thats like sneaking into a theatre so you can pay later.
They didn't sneak in so that they can pay.
The second dude literally described a wall (with some si-fi stuff) while saying that he didnt like the wall idea. I dont think we should build a wall either, but this mans reasoning is crazy.
Racist asshole !!
If you can build a wall to keep only the drug transporters and ppl with a criminal background than yes, build that wall. I have no problem with others coming over here to better their lives. Also ppl come here illegally because its literally impossible for these ppl from rural towns. Why would anyone pay thousands of dollars to put their lives in danger to come over when you can just file papers? Now you want to fix the drug problem here by building a wall. Try fixing it from the inside. A drug user will get their drugs one way or another. Finally I dont have a problem with border security. But spending billions on top of the billions we spend on Homeland security to build a wall that will not live up to its price is another problem. Trump will get $$ in his pocket out of this deal. Just like his shady deals everywhere.
Why are people so stupid. I'm scared that the first lady is even allowed to vote. Lol she literally is carrying around a plant in a soda bottle... think about that.
Why would we spend so much money on a wall when we could spend it hiring border patrol and ice officers? We could spend this money deporting illegal aliens who commit crimes while leaving those who work, pay taxes, stay off of welfare and dont commit crimes?
((( steven crowder )))
So, no borders but people will have to check in via "X-ray gates" when coming into the country. Sounds pretty much like a border, just with crazy X-ray machines.
What a fuckin totalitarian moron

Xray gate.

Hahahahahahaaa
His vote is worth the same as yours and thats why communists (globalists) dont want the wall, so more of these people can vote to take away YOUR rights
Unsubscribe
whoa...this dude is LOST..or has BAD english...im not which or if its both..
The second person, the man, although he was rambling and sometimes sounded like he had no clue actually had a good point. Technology is only accelerating and I don't believe a wall is feasible for border security.  What is we tried to think of another approach that did track people coming into the country somehow? Let's consider all possibilities because in 2018 or 2025 a wall just seems so archaic.
xxxtentacions death isnt sad change my mind.
taxation is theft
Who is this guy he dont know what the hell his talking about
Does this dude not realize how expensive an electronic border would be? God what an idiot. And hes trying to become the governor of New Mexico? Please.
The 2nd dude...

Makes me wonder if any of the drugs he was supposed to smuggle made it across the border 
love the shirt
building a wall isnt a problem. if you arent here illegally or dont plan to come here illegally, then its fine.
No one gives a shit about the wall I guess. I don't think it will work. If people wanna cross the border they will find a way.
Shouldve altered that womans voice too.
Deport all liberals. Problem solved
x is dead change my mind
I feel so sorry for that Mexican American woman. Who went through the process of legal immigration only to live around a bunch of illegal criminals. She'll know the wall was a good choice in the end.
Build the wall!!!
Build a huge wall. Anyone caught climbing it should be shot on sight. If you want to enter this country ....do it legally! Why is that so hard to understand?
Why don't you debate someone besides the uninformed? My guess is that even a slightly educated interlocutor would shut you down. Grow up.
The wall would cost a lot and theyd just build over it or dig under it, or even get a boat or plane. To quote Jurassic Park, Immigrants... find a way
That idiot made my head hurt.  Governor?  I wouldn't hire him to wipe my butt.
I think he might have got trolled lol
Dude those crime statistics would mean I would have to be surrounded by a lot of crimes bc I myself was illegal at one point and surrounded by a lot of illegal communities but never saw crime at that rate
Any wall that's big enough to keep them out will be big enough to keep us in
Build the wall 
U        h     a
I          e     l
L                l
D
They should go through an X-ray gate in the wall we dont build.
Build a multi trillion dollar wall, but dont assist students with education. People against Free edu act like every studies scissoring for feminists... which is probably not true.
This guy is so dumb that he HAS to be an actor trying to sound dumb. Please tell me he is.
"10:30" the guy and his idea, just reminds me of the film idiocracy! Probs where he got the idea from lol
Has anyone got the reference for 37% of homicides?
Youre pretty narrow minded on this one Crowder.

I think its pretty easy, build the X-Ray Border. Have it where it scans for illegal substances and dissolves the drugs like some sort of Star Wars force field would if detected. Itll also brand them immediately with a tracker so that they can be deported if need be. I think Tony Stark has some good things going with nanotechnology, Id talk to him first. Walls are a thing of the past my friend. Lets hope the illegal immigrants dont figure out teleportation!!
The hell? I got a add from your last crap "change my mind" BEFORE this video
Leeroy is not a Spaniard change my mind
The real solution to masses amount of people coming in here illegally is not to build a wall, but to stop giving them want they want. For example jobs, houses, schooling, health care, etc. And to start penalizing people who do. That way they would see no point in coming in here illegally because they wouldn't having anything to gain from it.
If that man ever becomes governor of New Mexico it'll be the nail in the coffin for democracy.
She don't know what she want. Don't speak to women
Cant wait to see the new governor of New Mexico
Don't build a wall for ecological reasons
I was a little surprised by the amount of ignorance in those who oppose the wall.  Just proves the amount of misinformation out there and how lazy people are when it comes to learning the facts.
Weekly Shake Up!!!!
These people are really dumn holy ahit
I'm in a debate with a moron who wants references to your stats, can someone send me the link to the stats.
I applaud Steven's patients...
If that first guy isnt on Adderall Ill jump off a bridge.
What about overstayed visas?
wont illegal immigrants just climb the wall or dig under it ,cause a big waste of money - change my mind
I think i lost a few brain cells listening to that last guy...
What an idiot that "Spanish" guy is.
Ok well the latino young man that sat down to discuss the wall definitely isnt doing anything to make his nationality look good. I feel embarassed for him. Either he is stoned or just really IQ challenged.
Lmao x ray border? Is That what that guy said? Smh his idiot send him back deport him we don't need retards. And I love Mexican and Spanish people
that last guy left me speechless. the ignorance is jaw-dropping!
Well with the "X-RAY border" here's the problem. A Cartel Drug Mule writes i'm here to see my Papi drives through and makes their runs. TA-FUCKING-DAH no police resistance.
"report them to I.C.E" 

God bless you, Crowder.
I love that last guy that technically, if he wanted to admit it or not argued "for"  a wall/ secure border 
A wall is pointless...some of they come legally for holiday driving across the boarder or flying then stay there and disappear...the wall would stop a very small percentage. That small percentage just use the thousands of tunnels that the government can't keep up with to walk under the wall. Its nothing more than a waste of tax payers money.
cant get a idiot who you beat in the change my mind segment. is that why its so short? i understand when you are so stupid and so wrong its hard to find people you are smarter then
Why are we listening to retards??
Do weight gain is a choice change my mind
That "what the hell just happened" look at the end. Lol
well here is a good question, cus i don' t see a lot of canadians crossing the border illegally, why do many mexicans specifically, not just illegal immagrants cus i knowa several from other countries, want to enter america in the first place? it seems that many of them love thier heritage and still speak spanish, so why? the only conclusion i can think of is that  Mexico is making things so bad that they want to leave. Hence wouldnt solving the drug lord etc issues mexico help us more than building a wall? cus it seems that thats the real issues here
he went from no borders whatsoever to lets take down what wall or fence we have and put an x-ray wall.  Literally still a god damn wall just an x ray wall.  I swear the intelligence level in this country man.
Isn't ironic that they can come here and work without paying taxes but if an American tries to buy land in Mexico it is forbidden
Mexico is all for building the wall. Just not with Mexican funds. Go ahead and do it yourself on US soil!
A wall isnt going to improve the illegal immigration problem. The country just needs stronger immigration regulations and, contrary to what liberals believe, enforce such regulations. As a Hispanic, I feel bad for other Hispanics who get deported, but at the same time they knew the consequences, and it somewhat devalues the reputation of legal immigrants.
So we should make illegal immigrants take the test and then pay extra taxes... but right now, they are skipping the test when the extra taxes isnt even a thing.. so how are extra taxes going to make them want to come legally?
Why I'm against the wall:A wall bordering Mexico would cost us so much money that could be used in something else like education or our infrastructure.

     Building the wall would mean building over several mountain ranges for several hundred miles,  which would still be a huge project if the wall was ten feet tall and three feet thick. From some places,  i heard that it would be more like 40 feet tall and much more thick? I also say "us" because it's seems more than far fetched to think that Mexico would pay for it. We don't need a wall,  we need to better our way of handling these immigrants. I wouldn't know where to begin with that,  but maybe putting more people into the border patrol or improving the measures they take could be a start.
Sometimes you are right, and sometimes you are wrong. Crowder, you are wrong, here. To stop illegal immigration we need to:
1. End the war on drugs
2. End the welfare lure
3. Hold people who hire illegal immigrants accountable and prosecute those who hire them including big Ad, textile industries and many others. We'll never do that because they have too much influence on our politicians.
4. End the endless wars in the middle east and our military adventurism stirring up enemies
building a wall IS easier than stealing your shit back (that includes land, cars, and food so... pretty much universal statement there)
Of course the wall will work. Thats why democrats are so opposed to it. They want to keep the flow of illegals coming and having anchors-babies who are by law American citizens who grow up and vote democrat.
HAHAHAHA......   13:15   ....  This look!!!.....  HAHAHA....  It says, "Wow, HOW do we have such uneducated morons here??"  ....  OH, I get it now, Public Education!
Is this really about building the physical wall? Isn't it supposed to be like the most expensive infrastructure project in history? Don't most illegal aliens come legally on a work visa?
Dudes been watching way too many sci fi movies
Fucking idiots. X-ray scanner this isnt bladerunner
Leroy for President.
Illegal Aliens take more out of the system than they put in. This is enough reason not to allow them into the USA.
Sure, the footage in this video is unedited, but there has to be more discussions with knoledgable individuals that are not included in the various videos you release... It's a given that your perspective is going to look like the right one if you only include the videos that feature people who are not the most knowledgable.
A disgrace to Spain
I love you Crowder. Nohomo
It's amazing how we have created an environment where the most stupid of us can be deluded into thinking that they aren't actually stupid and instead are intelligent enough to voice their opinion to potentially hundreds of thousands of people online. It is the bane of our existence these days. This poison that is accepted stupidity.
Ok the dude with the backpack is an absolute moron.
If borders are non-existent, then what purpose does citizenship serve? There is NO point at all to being a citizen in a non-country.
Leroy for Governor!
I still get surprised how fucking stupid people are it's actually scary.
"i just want a place for people to come through the border that is regulated so they check their id's and get an explanation for why they are coming over" so you mean you want a wall "NO, it doesn't have to be a wall it can be an xray border" Do you know how big our borders are? how do you get someone to walk through a doorway that scans you and asks you questions when THERE IS NOTHING AROUND THE DOOR TO STOP THEM FROM WALKING BY!
I'm so confused. Both of them were against the actual wall, l but agreed with everything it represents. They want something different that will accomplish the same thing..  so a wall is bad why??
Liberalism is a mental disorder....
Mad props to Crowder for sitting there with a straight face, and not telling him what an idiot he is
you blur her face but not her ID tag, you should fix that brother
More evidence that people have no clue what we stand for as Constitutional Americans.
fuck this channel i knew this dumbass was one of those under cover racist trump supporters
So this guy is suggesting putting RFID chips into everybody?
you cut him off when he started to speak the truth about where the real drug threat comes from. and only pay attention to his x ray idea, funny part is that y'all support a stupid ass wall because the orange orangutan said it but can't imagine his x ray idea ever working even though he said it was a free thought as in not been fully thought through yet.. you know like an idea dipshits . better then most on here just going along instead of coming up with ideas yourselves
A wall of X-Rays from Texas to California sounds expensive
The governor of New Mexico has left the building
This guy is nothing but a troll
HOW DID YOU KEEP A STRAIGHT FACE AND STAY SO COMPOSED LMAO IM DYING
The end of the video with claps... This should go to pew die pie cringe moments ahahahahha
How do we know is not getting to the US trhough pacific Ocean, or atlantic and even canada border?.... we know what we are told.... and repet it...
Alright Crowder you should read this. The wall should not be built, whatsoever. The fact of the matter is, just as gun restriction laws are somewhat ineffective, wether you can get a gun legally or cant. Chances are with the time and motive you will get a gun, same thing with immigration. There are many other methods to crossing borders illegally, one of the major ones being: cross the border legally with a temporary visa or something similar, and simply overstay your time. A major percent of these illegal immigrants simply use this tactic, according to NBC News which cited a report made in 2014, 42% of illegal immigrants used this tactic. Granted it is likely since then the statistic had changed, although I presume it is close to the 2014 study. This alone accounts for close to half the unauthorized immigrants in the US. Rubio, and Jeb Bush have both said it, and now so has Ramos, a news anchor said that 40% of illegal immigrants enter the states using air transportation. Now both of these numbers cant be added up because some of the overstayers I assume use air as a transportation method. Although likely not all, so lets just say 70% of immigrants enter using the overstay method, or just by planes. This leaves us with 30% left, seems reasonable. Today there is approximately 12 million unauthorized immigrants in the US, 30% of that is 4 million. Which isnt bad, thats a lot of people. So assuming that the wall would stop that 30% would be plenty of reason to build it. But fact if he matter is thst it wont, not even all illegal immigrants cross the US southern border, or even come from close countries in Central America. Close to around 50-60% of illegal immigrants are from Central American countries, so lets half that 30% number. Now we have 15%, at this point its a questionable 21 billion dollars spending, especially because immigrants account for a large amount of our economy within food export. So for me, we could build the wall, its possible, although people would find new ways. Just a out of the ass guess, it would ultimately stop 5-10% of immigrants. Which isnt enough, lets spend that money on fixing some frickin roads (any car enthusiasts reading this?) No but in reality, it would almost be useless, a waste of money. I dont know, I dont presume to understand everything about immigration, although it seems the wall would be much more of a display of power rather than an effective method of blocking illegal immigrants. Im happy to respond to some comments or counter arguments, especially from mister Crowder, hope everyone has a good day!
Got to disagree with this one. It's just a massive waste of money and a distraction from the actual issues of immigration. Physical territory walls have always been almost completely useless throughout history, and 100% of the time throughout history large-scale walls lead to unrest in the population of both places. 100% of the time.
Dude... i dont think drug is only sent by a truck on a border man.... Hollywod has made examples... but i think has also melted brains...
build the wall...with my ass?
I don't think a wall is necessary. We have to ask why people come into te USA illegaly, and it's mainly for money. But who gives them money? It's businesses, looking for cheap labor, so the focus should be on the businesses hiring illegal immigrants. Punish them. Throw the owners in prison, and shut them down.
why is this so short this is unfair
"Masterminds"
"Scientifical"
They x-ray border wouldnt be crazy man.
If that one dude becomes governor we will be in some shit people.
this episode was awful, you have 2 people who both are absolutely terrible at trying to change your mind, the first didnt even count she needed help herself and the second was just a dumbass who came in for hype
Wow this is way the world is fucked up stupidity wow
That is why US companies build more production plants in Mexico, because Mexican engineers are super smart. No joke...
We are in 2018 dude. dont make that face when the guy speaks his creative mind....  lol
that's bs your statistics are fuckin bs. who writes these stats? the government fuckin duh! of course. if you leave your white bubble you'd see how those statics are complete bs! americans easily!!! commit the HUGE majority of crimes it's not even proportionate. people who cross are so afraid to commit crimes and get deported they go through hell to stay away from it.
Alot of what that guy described was actually what happens with LEGAL immigration...so make illegals come here legally? ROFL
I do not agree with Crowder or building a border wall but... jeez. Lots of respect to him for sitting through conversations with these idiots without snapping.
How can you tax people who work under the table and people that the government doesnt even know are here.
Honestly compared to the other topics, these guys didnt add much of a debate but they wasnt bad. No major offenses, just being civil. I respect that. It makes me understand their point more.
Anyone whos against the wall because they want illegals to come while they have a fence or lock their doors are al hypocrites.
Loool. I dont wanna get out from topic says the man when being confronted on the fact that US citizenz may be part of the drug dealing thing....
Isnt a shooting commited by an student of your schools a dis-proportionated thing. How is he even educated....
Hydrox is better than Oreos
Change My Mind.
Say drug flow stops. Wouldnt all drug consumers just find another source?
Stevens face at the end lol
Holy shit!!! Smdh... wtf after watching this dude you seriously can't tell me the population isnt being dumbed down... you know i been thinking about becoming the governor of new mexico too... I think I'll be governor right after him. Would be a hard act to follow thats for sure, he's one bright knife thats for sure... oh i mean sharp light
Make a video about the shootings.
god bless his soul.. the next face of new mexico everybody!
Santa fe  is a shit hole I can't imagine why
Wall is a complete waste of money. Change my mind.
Honestly if i were you I would do this video again. You think these are the best responses or conversations you can get? I know people much more educated on this subject then the ones you have interviewed. But not everyone has all the statistics or are prepared to change your mind on these matters on the spot. Unfortunately there are a lot of ignorant people who wanna speak on the subject without really knowing what they are talking about. That doesnt mean that people against the wall have a flawed or incorrect argument. You just need to discuss this with someone equally educated on the matter who can debate as well as you can and maybe they can actually change your mind. But only if you are actually open to changing it
Ok ok just everyone with brown skin that will make everything better yeah that's it that's the ticket
Just let the whole world come in it will make everything better
Uh yeah you are (NOT) Spanish
Some real winners in this edition of Change My Mind... not! Lol incoherent babbling is all I heard, and nothing realistic. WOW hahha
So he wants the NWO...
Why is she whispering to him lol, it's obviously being recorded, both video and audio, her going close to him and cusping her hand around her mouth is not gonna make what she says only available to him...
waste of time and money
that dude does not look Spanish at all...
scientifical.... Oh my.
Dumba$$ people.. Give them a ss# and tax them... Ilmfao... The majority of the illegal immigrants are not working, and the democrat party wants to support them with welfare checks, free health care, free housing and food... Ilmfao... American citizens who have lived here all their lives and they need help but illegal immigrants are taking all of their money for help.... BUILD THE WALL, SHIP ALL THE ILLEGALS OUT OF THE COUNTRY, AND TOO BAD... AMERICANS FIRST..TRUMP MAGA 2020 
Lol most dont want jobs ,, thay sit back n collect , why work
Xxxtentacion is still Alive. Change my mind
Wow. Next Governor of NM folks! He's literally explaining how a fucking passport works. Reinventing the wheel. Jackass
Guy's cranked up on meth...plain and simple...its scientifical 
Really this was the best counter arguement?  I believe anyone could sit and speak its telling the lack of ideas and counter points
Listening to this guy gave me cancer. Stupidity like this should be illegal. Please, delete this immediately.
3:40 that's sad :(
I'm for Private Boarders, not government boarders. Government is evil.
These people are morons. That being said this conservative douche thinks he is always right and that everyone who disagrees with him is wrong. Its called change my mind but he never discusses with an open mind
XD that Spanish guys logic cracked me up!!! Hahaha
I watch and listen to the show and this is one of the few topics I cant get on board with. I am anti wall and I think lighter immigration standards would help the United States of America.
No I dont know like, masterminds you know like, good god help us!
Should'a swiped Left on that dude!
0:33 wow people are such immature ignorant morons
When you see Mexican's raising there country's flag over our in our own country that should tell you everything that is wrong with illegal immigration. If you want to be an American citizen that's fine by me, just do it legally and love and respect the country you want to belong too. If you come to our country with intentions of not following our laws or assimilating then you can just stay in your own damn country. It's really that simple.
I never thought a "Change My Mind" would be this short.
Every time I watch these videos I get mad because I wish I was there to change his mind.
Not all people that oppose of the wall are morons! This guy doesn't represent us!
I both can't afford MugClub, and am a cheap prick.
You gained that 2nd Million subscribers quick! Congrats Sir!
Wished the guy he talked to was smarter ,,,, i think i actually lost brain cells watching this one
I don't think illegal immigrants who have lived in the US for a long period of time and no history of crime should be deported, and if anything they should be given an advantage in gaining citizenship. Only those committing crimes should be deported. The wall will cost billions and billions of dollars, and people will find a way to get around it. It's. A. Waste. Will someone please counter my opinion in the reply section because I genuinely don't understand why people think this is a smart idea.
Scientifical
13:16 LOLLLLLLL
:-l

do this one again.  the subject of building a wall on our border is ... far from closed. ;)
Statistically they the one bringing the drugzuh... But statistically who the one selling the drugzuh?







Good point.
Interview smarter people, my issue is not with their stance... just their literacy and argumentative logic skills.
let that man make policy... he's clearly a genius.
Long sleeve shirts with shorts should be illegal. Change my mind.
That second guy wants to tag all the immigrants with electronic devices and make money off of them.  Holy fuck!
The just had a very intelligent conversation with the future governor of New Mexico. This will go down in history.
Hmmm.....it's excruciatingly painful to watch an idiot. I mean that second person is basically having his own conversation. He's not even touching on the subject matter...his viewpoints and arguments are warped! I hope he erased his footage and never posted it.
I HEAR POGO
Crowded is a conservative but he wants to tax people against their will to build a wall that people will just tunnel under and climb over. Not to mention, the terrain spanning the entire border is nearly impossible to pass, much less build a wall through. 

Crowder: my big govt socialism is the best!
they should enforce immigration polices but not build a wall cus they gonna get in one way or another its just a huge waste of money its gonna gonna help anything most immigrants dont even travel on foot its mostly through a airplane
I came back to this video just to see more awesome comments about Leroy.
Both people were idiots
Every time someone makes a good point against crowders faulty arguments, he says, I dont want to get off topic here so lets go back to..... 

Crowder is a classic narcissist and he even exhibits other psychopathic behaviors.
Miracle whip is better than mayonnaise.

Change my mind.
I give Steven points for keeping his cool during these interviews.  The level of stupidity that comes out of a lot of these people is astounding.
https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/03/06/us/politics/undocumented-illegal-immigrants.html
In the link from the new York times, it does agree with the 3.5% of the population are illegal immigrants but only contribute to 7.5% of crime. Another thing it says is that most illegal immigrants are overstaying Visas instead of crossing the border. So the wall would be useless as most people come by plane or other kind of transportation.
Wow, that dude is fucking stupid, like, I have no words really lol.

He had to be trolling like he really just had to be trolling.
I'm an immigrant, I'm legal. Come here legally. It's a basic matter. I don't care how hard you work. Thus is the law. Follow it.
IHOP is not IHOB change my mind
His ideas are wayyyyy worse than a wall. Wtf
X-ray gate?!?! The radiation alone... oh wow dude.
This was not worth showing. This is propaganda to show how dumb the left is. I wanted to see an actual discussion with someone knowledgeable.
He wants to be governor and his familys been in New Mexico since the 15hundreds but for some reason he cant talk right and sound retarded lol
I'm glad this guys at least gave it a try, but it is really sad to see how much he is missing in the whole scheme of things. It seems as if Crowder is talking to a twelve year old.
I love this series, but j can't watch because these peoples arguments are so cringeworthy I have to turn it off.
Here's a great explanation of why building the wall (and hardening the border in general) will backfire and has worsened the problem http://revisionisthistory.com/episodes/25-general-chapman's-last-stand
"Scientifical"
Really a x-ray something lol
I would have changed his mind on this one. The wall, stricter enforcement ect  is granting government more power. Steven is falling for the left's game. Government creates a problem, social safety net (the actual disease) and lets conservatives use that as the justification for more government. Being played like fiddle.
Make a law where illegals are not citizens, but they still pay taxes. There's you funding for a wall.
Guy is saying we need "X-ray scanner"?Hmmmm... That means we need Superman because he has X-ray vision.
Proof that we are devolving.
I just want an "xray scanner"
what surprised me the most is how you were able to restrain yourself while speaking to this fellow.
Hes gonna run for governor of new mexico.
remind me not to go there.
X-Ray boarder? wtf is this guy talking about
Building a wall is an expensive band-aid and is not a solution. Why not look at the reasons Immigrants are coming into this country illegally and fix those? If you think it is for welfare, or "anchor babies" making amendments to the laws would seem easier than a giant wall that has to go through many people's properties against their wishes. Many immigrants just want to work jobs that many Americans won't. Getting in the country legally is not easy, especially if you have no family connections here.  If laws are unreasonable, people will break them. Imagine if your state set the speed limit on the highway to 20 mph. Would you consider yourself a criminal speeding in it? Many of the problems that Central America including Mexico faces is the dangers from drug wars. There are many immigrants seeking safety in the US. Why not focus on eliminating the drug wars? 

There are much easier and more effective solutions than building a giant wall and hiring a bunch of security. The wall is dumb, change my mind.
the only thing I am curious of is were their any other interviews done that day? The two that you chose to show didn't seem to debate you, or at least have what I feel was a cohesive argument against what you are asking of them.
Meh, while I would like to be in a world without borders where you can just go wherever you want and live wherever you want without too much hassle, I know it will not happen any time soon. Still, going from that guy's idea, you could enforce some kind of app that tells the government if you are in the country or out of it. It's not something that I would want to happen as the government would know where you are at any point in time with high accuracy and it would only be somewhat feasible in developed countries (and even then not everyone will have a smartphone.)
I want to furiously abuse my meat. Change my mind.
No drogas!!!
Bro is that my church van?
This open dialogue was not as productive like some of the other change my mind sessions. Its possible the last individual to speak with Crowder might be struggling with a developmental disorder, plus other issues. He was incoherent and mispronounced the word scientific, which seemed to hint at this.
Drugsa
the Guy has a point lasers on the boarders if you dont have a chip your toast  if that does not work immediate execution will
Where does Crowder get his figure about illegals committing 37% of all murders in America. Just curious. I couldn't find it
This was soo bad. Im against building a wall but this Leroy dude didnt have a concrete or reasonable argument. Do a 2nd edition on this with better arguments!
I couldn't stop laughing my ass off at that PragerU ad with Shapiro at the beginning so I actually watched the full 4+ minutes without skipping, lol so stupid.
wow you just cut an actual interview to strawman
If we live our lives off of statistics we will have nothing change...
The main guy that he spoke to is a prime example of the problem in the US. He is clearly uneducated but overly opinionated and driven by emotions instead of logic. He actually thinks he can run for governor of New Mexico.
Lets make a wall and to shut the liberals the fuck up put solar panels on top of it so it provides energy and resources, so that this argument of it being a waste of money can be put to an end.
my home town!
this man wants views and attention change my mind
I agree on the wall. I agree immigrants bring most drugs into the states. But like the first guy said. Its not just immigrates responsible for the drugs. If there wasnt an ecomony for drugs in the states by Americans there wouldnt be a huge traffic for drugs
This idiot just described U.S. customs as his solution
Even Flatearthers seem smarter than this dude
that guy wants a border that cost hundreds of trillions of dollars lol with people having RFID tags embedded into them wow that sounds like a fun world but hey you get to go where ever you want with big brother watching over you the whole time mmmm great times.
So if people start entering your home would you put a lock on the door
Trump hating Mexicans is Wayyyy behind the point now... People should realize more important facts like trump getting peace treaties from Korea n shit
Well worth watching just for the look on your face at the end lol, don't forget to build the wall around California
okay so now Steven, try to get informed folks to sit down with you for a change my mind. on a side note Leroy should consider being some type of preacher'uh .
.
37% of murders are commited by 3.5% of illegals? i kinda doubt that. Anytime i hear of a murder its a white male citizen.
Here's what I don't get

Why do people think Mexicans come here to do crime? They could do the exact same thing in Mexico, believe it or not. People wouldn't want to risk coming across illegally if they're going to do the exact same thing. Plus, police are much much tighter here than down there. People that are coming illegally don't want to be criminals, they are people who used to be criminals but have turned a new leaf and want to start over here, but can't pass the background check.

Plus, if anything the wall would just keep people in. The bulk of illegal immigrants want to come in, work for a bit, then go back to their families in Mexico. The wall will just encourage people to stay in, making things worse rather than better. 

Also, over 30% of illegal immigrants came here LEGALLY on PLANES and merely overstayed their visa. What will a wall do about that?

But let's say it worked perfectly. Let's say the wall worked completely perfectly and absolutely NO MORE IMMIGRANTS came in. Would it even be worth it then? Have you ever stopped to think about how much it would cost to build a wall nobody could break or climb through the thousands of miles of rough terrain that is the US southern border? BILLIONS. The type of money we don't have.

Oh, I also should probably include the fact that this isn't the fucking Sims. That shit won't build in 24 hours. You know how long skyscrapers take to build? Imagine a thousands of miles unbreakable unclimbable wall. If it started today, Trump could get a second term (which he damn well won't) and he'd still be out if office by the time it was done. 


But why should you believe me? You don't have to. But you'll believe Congress when even the Republicans that let him carry through with all of his dumbass decisions shut his shit down. In minutes.
I bet Trump himself has received more illegally tax free income than every single illegal immigrant combined.
Oh my lord. That was......?........strange to say the least. I hope you called I.C.E. when he walked away. Or at least the cops. (because someone was high).  lol  Great job out there you guys. Keep it up! stay safe.
That guy sees a false future
Crowder is the ultimate ideologue.  I shouldn't be able to see one or two of a persons views on politcal/social issues and be able to guess the rest of them with almost 100% accuracy.
that first woman was obviously drunk.
the second person ........ is an idiot
Anything for ratings right? Even if it means that woman dies from what you put on blast. Their was a reason she was whispering. Your a d bag.
That last guy was a tweaker and he kept contradicting himself with not wanting a wall... usa should build a wall  and have some type of satellite intel from anything that moves out of that border.
Im a cheap prick you dont have to change my mind.
https://discord.gg/UgwgF7t - Invite to a new intellectual discord server for political discussion similar to this change my mind series. If you're interested join up and have a good time.
Is that first lady taking a plant out for a walk?
holy shit that mexican dude has no idea what hes talking about... so he wants to force mexico to IDchip all their residents (super illegal) and then create an X-Ray wall that scans the IDchips when they come through so we can start taxing them?? ummmmmm yyyyeeeeeaaaaaa
Scientifical ... Fucking A these people man and the people who just yell out, dont have the decency to say it to someones face
If your family were in New Mexico since the 1500s then you are Mexican. Old Mexico once owned New Mexico.
StevenCrowder only argues with stupid people because that's all he's capable of.  change my mind.
Build the wall, buy Mexico is NOT paying for it
Please don't make him governor 
Omg such a facepalm the entire time this guy was talking!
13:18. My exact reaction.
Xray border  wakanda forever!
I know that bitch!
New Mexico's soon to be  governor is talking about making an x-ray machine? LOL I feel for New Mexico
The second guys main point: 'let them in so we can tax them' but very often those immigrants will earn the money from an American business and then send as much as they can back home.
it is okay to be white. Change My Mind.
Building a wall will cost a lot in the building.  Take land from American land owners.  Will cost money to upkeep.  Won't keep them out.  I think if you increased the prosecution and punishment of people that hire illegals you would save more money and if there is no jobs here they won't come.
hope she is safe fools, you have change her voice or compltely block her.
I'm against the wall because it's too expensive, I'm not against a 40-foot electric fence though, 20 feet underground and 20 feet above ground. Also, hire legal Mexicans to speed up the immigration process for those trying to actually come here legally. Continue to have border police to prevent drone deliveries of drugs. The fence would also lessen the amount of border police needed.
So when is that zionist puppet going to build the wall?
"I don't know what you have to do to become a citizen, but they need to pass the tests..."
Maybe like idk jus maybe we cud jus like maybe idk...... X-RAY CHECKPOINTS!!!!! 
build the wall!
I do not understand why people are so dull
Wow, a lot of people have oversimplified solutions to a problem that's been raging since I was in high school and I'm an old fart. If it was so easy to fix, it would have been fixed a long time ago.  People want money put towards reforms, but money has ALREADY been put towards reforms over the years.  Things have only gotten worse.  We need a border, we need to know who is coming here.  Migrants need to enter the legal way so they can start their path to citizenship.  It makes me so angry to know Illegals receive more benefits than actual citizens.  They don't want to be Americans but they want all the rights that go with being a citizen. They also want to be able to travel back and forth. They get paid under the table and send the money back home to Mexico. I don't have to explain why criminals don't want citizenship. 

When I was in service, one of the guys I worked with joined the Navy just to get his citizenship.  It took him four years, and he finally got it.  We shut down to throw him a party and he didn't have to, but about a week later he reenlisted for another four years.  That man is an American and a true patriot. He worked damned hard for his citizenship. There are people like him all across America and they have to see their hard work basically spit on by people who just want all the advantages but don't want to work for them.  Illegals who protest while raising the Mexican flag and saying they hate America. So, yes, build the wall.
Its honestly not even really enjoyable when the people who come up to speak are this stupid
Wall technology seems outdated and overpriced next to drones and sensors which get cheaper by the day.
Only someone who is lacking in the critical thinking department has to crowd the person whos "changing your mind" intimidation....
 And lacks the communication necessary to properly exchange ideas
...... SAD!
Dude @10:05 has done some drugs
Wtf is an xray gate
But why would Mexico pay for the wall?? Its kinda funny cuz Mexico's the largest cement producer in the world....
This is ultra cringe worthy, yikes!
Come more south of Texas to the actual border cities
I BELIEVE USA WOULD BE BETTER WITH CR7 FOR PRESIDENT! CHANGE MY MIND!
Haha, oh wow. That was painful. I hope the man that was interviewed gets to watch this and reflects on it before he tries to make being the governor of New Mexico a reality.
so 1550's Spanish guy wants to reward them for breaking the law.
this man will be governor of santa fe
I agree with the first woman for once. I think we should let people immigrate legally and diminish the number of illegal immigrants, somehow. But I think a wall from coast to coast is a bit much you know :D Not that I have a better solution though.
Scientifical
Lmao that look after Leroy left! hahahaha!
Lol, that look Crowder, as the camera pans into your face at the end.
Dont want illegal immigrants? 

Stop hiring illegal immigrants
hey idiots.  over 90% of undocumented immigrants get here by plane.  many others by boat.  also there already are walls...  are you seriously asserting that we should spend BILLIONS of dollars on something that kinda makes it a little harder for around 5% of the people you're saying are the "problem"?  goddamn you folks are dumb
New Mexico in it's finest...
deffo not sending their brightest
Physical border yes, technological/id tag hell no...too Logan's Run...too Big Brother, read 1984...people do you really like the idea of the government having access to your locale 24/7? If that happens I am going underground.
should be: "im not mexican, change my mind"
Why did this not trend? Build the wall i would say lets not even wait lets just build the wall volunteer
China: Yea build a wall, it REALLY worked well for us...
What? Put a tariff tax on people who come in across the boarder? lol Leroy is a bit confused and seemingly don't really know what going on in the political sense. With that said however, Leroy seems to be a nice guy. That should count for something...right? At least hes not threatening to beat up the republicans or bring violence to those who don't agree with his views. Which by the way..is the way it's supposed to be. Non violent discussions/debates. Tho we know Dems/Libs have a problem with that, sadly.
Incredibles was a mediocre movie and Incredibles 2 is pointless. Change my mind
Build a wall all around America, so the rest of the world can be protected!
Okay, wow, that kid has definitely been sucked in by Globalists.  He's not viewing immigration realistically. He wants to be Mayor (I think he said) of New Mexico one day so he's already made a goal for himself. That puts him way ahead of most kids his age. Unfortunately,  he also has a very child like view of the world around him.  He's mixing fantasy with reality.
That guy was straight out of Idiocracy!
This guy wants to give people crossing the border cancer with his x-ray attacks.... What a maniac!!!! Can you imagine the medical bills for these border cancer attacks!!!

This guy want to be a the govenor... Lol
11:38

"I don't know I one day plan on being the governor of New Mexico"

LMAO this fucking guy
Leroy 2020
IRL Streaming cancer 4:04
I think, use the money to hire way more border control forces, which provides more jobs. I mean, a wall is a little bit dumb, illegal immigrants who are eager for a new life will find a way to go through the border.
Building the wall will work some what but it wouldn't because people get here legally then over stay visas, or they come in on the beach in small rafts. the wall would only help 1 form of illegal immigration.
Thanos did nothing wrong. Change my mind.
Well that one sucked. Super genius x-ray wall XD.
the wall will be built and trump will be re-elected in 2020. you heard it here first.
ONLY 32 SIGNATURES, PLEASE SUPPORT ACOSTA PETITION, THANK YOU!!
https://www.thepetitionsite.com/585/134/183/revoke-jim-acostas-press-credintals/
Jim Acosta needs to be shut down, demand more from all reporters representing our nation domestic and abroad! Sign and share today .
Do America is the greatest country in the world change my mind.
The videos are getting shorter and shorter...and the cuts are also suspicious....not easy to see someone who wins against crowder.
This video got nowhere. He spent most of the time talking to that lunatic.  I've met people like that.  Whacked!!  I support a wall and/or some type of border security 100%. I also would like to see an easier immigration policy for them.  Setting aside economic problems from illegal migration I'm mostly fearful of health concerns.  Could you imagine if the Zika virus was much more contagious and spread through the states? There's plenty of reasons to have controlled immigration.  It's just tough to balance policy and compassion.
Someone needs to immediately remove this idiots front door and put a sign on his lawn come on In maybe he'll learn that borders are necessary
People on the border are actually mainly in favor of the wall because it'll provide federal jobs. I also happen to live in a border city and some people in Mexico shoot bullets at the buildings on the other side of our measly fence (we literally have bullet holes in the university here), so a wall would prevent the bullets from reaching US territory
My one if with it is that the majority of illegal immigrants fly in. Money would be better off being given to police or whatever to make sure people leave the country when theyre supposed to.
Just spewing the trash the media pours into this man's brain.
He says tax them, they don't even have the money to pay for getting their immigration states legalized much less are they going to want to pay taxes.
leroy needs to lay off the Tina
Did this man just describe the "mark of the beast" as a good thing? Really?
I hope that lady is safe.  This is what makes me angry, citizens need to be protected.  Sanctuary cities are a sham, that poor woman left her country to have a better life.  She didn't come here to have to deal with the exact same things she was escaping from.
build the x-ray wall
OMG!  While on the surface, this guy sounds bats*ht crazy!   Then, I think to myself,  This guys "idea" sounds kind of like RFID tagging,  and also a lot like a significant step towards the biblical 'mark of the beast'.   I always thought there was no way, anyone, would voluntarily "be chipped" and have their bio identity stored and used to track them etc.   But it is already taking place in India, where they are using a system called "Aadhaar".  This utilizes a 12-digit unique identity number that can be obtained and utilized by residents of India, based on their individual and unique biometric and demographic data, Aadhaar can track them and be utilized for buying and selling etc.  ~ I'm still for building a wall.
White privilege doesnt exist - change my mind. Just have security on hand.
"statistically they're the ones bringing the drugs, but you have to ask who are the ones selling the drugs!"

I'd imagine THEY ARE SELLING THE DRUGS!!!!! I can't imagine they are just bringing millions or billions of dollars across the border every year to just give to white people who sell drugs... They are loading themselves up with drugs and coming over at great risk just to give drugs to white people to sell and make money... Yeah, that makes a lot of fuckin sense.....

"anybody today nowadays is creating crimes you know, it's just how people are you know?.?"

No asshole, I don't know. I am trying to live my life and stay free. I don't go around breaking the law to advance my place in the world. That would make me a fuckin criminal.... This is why sometimes, voting and debate about these things should be left to property owners.

It seems to me that once a person owns things that they are responsible for. They have a profound respect for the law.
That guy is talking about a airport / point of entry of most countries.
WOW,I cant believe these are real people living in this world. I CANNOT even handle it... lol
That was the accumulated thoughts over a period of three years? Holy cow
So many idiots try talking to you, surprised you had a slow day. It's not hard to say why a massive wall is dumb as fuck, not because you shouldn't have strong immigration policies but because it's just a waste of money. Having legal immigrants and having people registered is in the best interest of all parties but to think a wall is somehow going to solve anything you're more delusional than the far left nutjobs.
I love how when I click on this video, there's an advertisement for my local democratic HOR candidate just luring in young people for promises that I know for a fact would not pass for the condition my county is in. It's such a shame that more people are yelling at each other rather than engaging with each other in civil conversation. I am a centrist who wants to just logically discuss both sides of the coin but this divided country makes it so rough to actually do so. God bless America and God bless what you do. Much love for everyone who can keep a peaceful conversation !
The main counter argument is that the president who proposed the initiative has a background with large scale construction companies so its just a huge conflict of interest. ( Its not so different from the presidents that get gibs from the military industrial complex to start wars )
This was one of the more mind numbing conversations you've done.
Its just a huge waste of money.
Maybe you just dont get many of them, but I wish you would edit in more if the good convos you have with mature adults. Like the first woman, you disagreed on some things but the conversation just went well. Its annoying watching you go back and forth with someone where you both will never agree.
One of my employees was an illegal immigrant. She came here when she was 12 and was drugged, doesnt remember anything. Her husband waited three years to get here legally. She knows people like her make him wait longer and pay more. She even says it now.. build the fucking wall.
I think it would be hilarious if you did a it's okay to be white change my mind I would love to hear what people would say
Minority Deport.
Do these cunts understand that Mexico built a wall in the south of Mexico due to illegal immigration lmao
13:16
You know cartels are so against the wall and the tight security that is happeining in the border.. they honestly want to control a piece of american soil.. just like the control varies parts of mexico and the people
Yo come to Albuquerque. Talk about this here! These people need their own thoughts
I want enforced adult nap times in the work place change my mind .........
Shoot on site its cheaper and itll get the point across to go through a check point
This guy's on his way to being a socialist dictator
Do a change my mind on why eating cows and other meats isnt bad
Prime reason our country id failing. Ignorance with a feeling of righteousness. Taxing them does not generate wealth when they are below poverty to begin with. I would argue no wall, build turrets instead.
Wholly shit! What kind of drugs was this guy on?
Something About Isral would be intresting
This dude is an idiot. The Dems are happy to have him as a voter!
Hahahaha I had a Spanish ad before the video
Where the hell is he getting those fake statistics?
Can't you just go around the wall?
I need to move to New Mexico so I can vote for Leroy to be the next governor.
im not educated much on this topic at all but this will probably change my mind
Should just send the US Military into Mexico and eliminate all the Cartels.

Maybe do something about their corrupt Government too.
This guy is a retard haha
Hahaha.. the blank stare at the end was priceless... Did i just enter the twilight zone?
Funny how some Mexicans want to make America Mexico again if you feel that way then why arent you living in Mexico if you love it so much and think its so great? Cause its the second most dangerous country in the world! Keep these people out of our country! BUILD THE WALL
the fact is non whites what to come to the white mans lands America/Europe because America and Europe are the best places on earth. non whites cant build a society like whites can and the examples of that are easy to see all over the world. Zionists jews and brain washed whites bring all the non whites to America/ Europe to destroy it from the inside out little by little. they destroy the laws and culture and breed out the whites slowly replacing whites with non whites  and thats 100% what Zionists want and easy to control working slaves.
I prefer reform and real penalties over a wall....walls can be used to keep us in eventually as well so that's my stance
You censored her face but didn't censor her name tag hanging off her neck! O_O
Build a wall, then put that dude in it; stop the propagation of the uneducated.
The reason I dont want the wall is because were supposed to learn from history not repeat it. I think the wall Trump wants to build is similar to the Berlin Wall. We are repeating history by separating families already. That needs to be stopped
Racism is no longer a problem, change my mind




(Keep in mind I dont believe this but it would be interesting)
This guy is laughable, what world does he live In? I think hes the long lost son of the Jetsons
Lets scan their bones for the ID code with the X-ray scanner
Re-do!

So a wall is to expensive but and x-ray wall isn't? Dudes a genius
X-ray scanner. This dude been doing some of them illeagal drugs
Phil Robertson had a good video about the wall. Not sure what it was called but it was very interesting and made a good point. Actually it was called kepp you eye on the wall. In the woods with Phil. Ep.49. should check it out.
First guy is describing the mark of the beast being tagged also they know where you are.
This is exactly what we need in our country. Conversation and civil debate. I personally think the immigration issue in particular is a false issue created by both sides of the establishment media to keep the American people divided; to distract us from the real issues. We need to come together to fix the system, for example money in politics is a huge problem. Only after we fix the fundamental issues can we discuss these other issues such as immigration, gun control etc. (I'm a liberal by the way, we're not all irrational race baiters)
Wish it was longer ( that's what she said )
The wall is dumb, not effective... immigration restrictions are good though; Id prefer better policies than a wall tbh
Illegals are immigrants that want to skip the line and walk right in. Try doing that at the DMV and see what happens.
Steven - Next time, ask them what should LEGAL immigrants get for doing it the right way if they insist on passing out Social Security #'s and Citizenship certificates like candy...
The earth is round change my mind.
Why has she got a bottle with a plant in it?
Why does youtube let you skip the ads for conservatives and not the ones for liberals?
@StevenCrowder please help me understand something... I don't understand the logic of the left...so Trump is Hitler and our country is run by fascists. So why are you fighting so hard for illegal immigrants and their children to come here? Wouldn't you be telling them to run far away. And for that matter since you all hate guns why are you still here? You are living in a fascist country run by the definition of evil, you have no way to resist if it comes knocking, and you are inviting more people and all of their innocent children to share in your impending halocaust?
Feminism isnt needed anymore | Change my mind.
Should be deporting all of them. I love Mexican culture but we don't need more low income workers. I'm a high school graduate in California and it's almost impossible to find entry level jobs that pay over 15$/hour
This guy must have alot of 'Free Thoughts' LOL
Theyre ok with the current fence but not ok with a wall?..... IMO anyone who is against the wall should legally be forced to keep their doors unlocked at all times.
Mexico needs to end their drug war, Change my mind.
Where is that 37 percent murder start from? I'm a hundred percent against illegal immigrantion, pro wall and so on but that stat seems unrealistic to me. I know Hispanics are lumped in with whites in the FBI crime stats but that's a huge number
America is supposed to be land of the free, its supposed to be a place where we help the ones in need and offer our helping hand to the needy, but also wanna build a fence to keep the most needy out....sure sone people are gonna come in a commit crimes...lol what about the people who are american citizens that commit crimes ,we dont kick them out the country, most people trying to come in this country are in need and seeking safety from the hell that their country brings on them....who tf are we to say another human cant come on this part of the earth, we all live on this planet and it belongs to all of us ,same goes for other countries that won't let americans in, its one earth ,we are all humans inhabiting the same earth
Okay it doesnt take much research to see that Trump most definitely did say that mexicans are coming in and bringing drugs and committing a bunch of crime. The thing is hes right so why deny it.
Mexico is a sh**hole because of the USs war on drugs. In many ways, the US has created the illegal immigration problem.
The wall is a waste of money, most come by air or boat, and it destroys wildlife and landscape.
I hope this guy Leroy never becomes governor of New Mexico.
Crowders homicide/murder statistic was incorrect.
My IQ went down 5 pts watching this.
Are many Americans this dumb?
The Spanish guy with the go-pro is so misinformed. Dude wants everything the anti-Christ wants.
The woman is at least honest but has really no reason to oppose a wall. The guy is embarrassing in his view on just about everything he expressed.  I truly feel bad for the quality of brain cells he was given to work with in life.
...that Leroy clown.lol.MEXICAN. God help us if borders become a thing of the  past-uh.
We already have a wall its called a giant fence the run along the Mexican American border!
Where does your information on illegal immigrants and crime come from? I'm very curious, can anyone provide a link?
The guy in the white shirt definitely isn't an idiot.  He brought up some good ideas.
I was not racist before watching this.
The thought of how many families will suffer when faced with the decision of;  Continue living in corrupt/violent/poverty stricken Mexico, or use tunnels owned and operated by the cartels,  when those are your only 2 options, something will break.  It's sad, it seems that a lot more people have to die before Mexico gets their $#!# together.   I think the wall is more about forcing Mexico to deal with it's own corruption than it is about enforcing immigration.
Wouldn't the percentage of illegal immigrants who commit crimes be 100%?
Let's just have Mexico and Central America surrender their land over to the United States and we can make a MEGA United States!
The ending was inconsiderate crowder I work full time and don't have the luxury to give to random people on social media money i don't have. That comment about free loading was kinda hurtful so thumbs down for that
really wish some halfway intelligent people sat down to debate this because there are many legitimate reasons not to waste money building a giant wall. I support enforcing immigration law, but not the stupid wall.
I will give it a try. Borders in general is a wall that is suppose to keep illegal immigrants out or make it harder for them to go into US. However, increasing the borders is one thing, build  a wall has different meaning. It is like "Locking away" the mexican. If we walk next to each other and I tell you "You cannot come this way", that would be like creating a statement that is monking you and you make the other person feeling abused or bullied. While I believe in a world without borders, with the current age, it is a thing that ofc each country has to safeguard.
You're Spanish, not Mexican, but your family has been in Mexico since the 1500's?
Well I was torn between laughing my ass off at Leroy and being genuinely terrified by his propositions.  I wonder if he's give any thought to the extreme ramifications of his xray wall.  Essentially every person in this country would be giving up their freedom by allowing the government to pin point us at all times.  Sure you could claim that the tagging  was only for illegals but according to Leroy they would be given citizenship and taxed.  That means that the entire population of the US would also need to be tagged.  There are plenty of people out there who I'm sure wont think that's a big deal because they don't think that they are doing anything that would warrant the government monitoring them but they would be wrong.  We are already being closely monitored by the NSA without consent, so why would anyone be naive enough to think that this xray border wall would be different.  What if a person holds different political, religious or social opinions to the party in power, would those people then be targeted?  Probably.  There are a myriad of reasons why his ideas are disastrous and detrimental to everyone.
You blurred her face but left her name badge clear, oops!!!
These people are fucking Morons!
Do a "Fat Acceptance is wrong" one
I actually disagree with the building a wall. It was reported that the majority of illegal immigrants are coming in on planes. Most illegal immigrants are coming in legally but their they become illegal when their green cards and visa cards expires
Leroy had a good heart it was in the right place but his mind is to brainwashed by liberal Media
Fuck ICE.
You should definately have done more to conceal the first womans identity. Especially as you captioned on screen what she believe to be confidential when she asked how to report criminals in her locality. Im a fan of yours, but not good enough. She could realistically be in danger of some of them saw this
X-Ray wall... Did you manage to talk to someone intelligent? What were their arguments?
This poor guy has no idea what he's talking. Ideas bouncing every which way, not making much sense. Also what's with the backpack?
I don't believe in statistics!.....Change My Mind
This guy is all over the place.  He has no opinion on this topic.
build the wall pussiez we got tunnels fucking morons.
Its ILLEGAL immigration for a reason. We gotta keep most out
The people that you interviewed make my brain hurt
"Scientificle"
Build the wall / secure the border 110%. Idk where our fellow millennials who lean left or libertarian get the idea that borders are fading into the past. Nowhere is that happening or even being discussed except fringe groups. They're necessary for a functioning, law abiding, civil society that values freedom. So dumb... those people yelling at the windows are just ignorant spergs. 
X-ray scanning border yet borders will be a thing of the past? How can we tax these immigrants if we have no border or checks & balances to ID or monitor these people? He doesn't seem to know much about the issues or the data.... but I like that he is thinking of ideas & at least he was civil. 
Stevens face at the end 
Make the X-Ray border Great Again... The 2nd guy is a moron.
what a fucking retard that first guy was... I mean God damn
X-Ray device although clever - is STILL a wall - or a barrier in a way.
That dude is an absolute bumbling idiot!
That guy from New Mexico that is against the wall and taxing the illegal immigrants, doesn't make any sense at all. He is way out there. I knew then, he is totally lost in his argument.
Build the wall.

Even if it doesn't reduce number of illegals, crossing it may require more than 50 IQ which may drastically increase their intelligence, and act as de facto vetting.
Dude said hes Spanish 
This guy cant is a we bit off lol
scientifical
I'd like to debate the future Governor of New Mexico there. I'll eschew any prep time.
I feel like you should redo this one, those two people didn't seem to have a well developed idea of the topic at hand. I feel this topic would be deserving of a redo
Hahhahahahahahahahhahahahahaha i was praying for some kind of acknowledgement that this guy was delusional! @13:16
thats the stronger argument for the wall if you american when he said its never gonna stop
This is America not Mexico 
It took him three years to come up with that...I am dying hahaha
Put a wall shiiit ill get my happy ass a ladder
10:38 this dude living in 2060
What percent of legal citizens use illegal drugs? They are only here to traffic the drugs because their is a market for it, why not focus on the people actually using the drugs. If you take away the drug trafficking Americans will still find ways to get the drugs their addicted too, Mexicans just saw a business opportunity and took advantage of it.
As a Mexican myself, build the wall.
This solution for digital tracking is much more controlling than borders we have now.
Damm people are stupid
So no wall, mark of the beast instead
BUILD THE RAY
MAKE THEM ALL CITIZENS, MAKE THEM ALL PAY TAXES, MAKE THEM HAVE A IMMIGRANTS REVOLUTION...wait that happened before
4:57
But that is what we do to normal citizens....
Wow that xray guy was dumb AF. The sad thing is that he thinks he's smart 
That dude is a loser. Go green global is a dump
The comical thing is that there is already a wall, it has already been built years ago. You can either go to the border and see it for yourself or have a google. Also, people speak about lack of or poor border security. My experience has been that we have excellent border security. There are large border patrol facilities that are supported with agents, trucks, ATV's, helicopter's and more. If you are around the border you will be stopped and question by the border patrol pretty quickly. I've been stopped five times in one day. But check it out for yourself, go walk around the border and see how quickly you will be approached and questioned by the border patrol.
I sort of agree with that first lady. The wall is very expensive, and they will just dig under it as they have been doing. The wall won't keep them out.
That 37% statistic is wrong. Change my mind.
Omg that face at the end 
I feel like my IQ dropped by 10 points listening to Leroy....
I believe we should keep the wall we have now and invest on more border patrol, creating more jobs for Americans and creating a safer boarder at the same time. We should also give immigrants (legal or illegal ) a reform that they would have to qualify for to become legal recidents and fund deportation of illegal immigrants with bad records.
Next governor of new mexico
Lol so many people are pressed, because this video lacks intelligent arguments from the opposing side, as if that's Steven's fault. You do understand the problem with that logic, right? It's not as if he makes a conscious decision to speak to people who are less educated than him. And it's known he doesn't edit his videos to make it appear that way either. He literally just sits there and talks to whoever is willing to debate. Plus, he even stated that barely anyone wanted to converse about this topic anyways. But hey, when your side doesn't have a legitimate rebuttal, blame your opposer I guess.
That dude is the guy you hate to talk to at a party because he swears he knows everything but really doesn't know shit.
I'm sure there were more people who spoke to him that day. A lot of people have an opinion on this. Show a real conversation please, with someone who knows what they are talking about.
"An xray gate...."  WOW 
Hold on Hold on now....Ceech might be on to something here. We line the border with x-ray emitters ("scanners"), crank those bitches up to 11, anyone who doesn't cross in a legal safe zone gets bug zapped and/or glows in the dark for a week. It's beautiful.
This guy is from New Mexico and I am from New Mexico and God forbid this guy get elected into a public office. New Mexico has turned to shit under Democrat Sanctuary city stances. Albuquerque is one of the most dangerous cities in the country. You cannot drive anywhere without seeing a vagrant in every street corner bumming for money and if you watch carefully they switch out with another when their shift is over. A pimp picks them up and drops off another. And what did Albuquerque do this last mayoral race? We elected another democrat to continue this because the majority of the population is generational Hispanic Democrats who vote D down the board no matter what. Its actually so bad I will be moving my family in the next year. So, good on ya, bud. Drive out families who make + $150,000 incomes and drive in the sanctuary city. Detroit is where Albuquerque is headed.
#X-rayBorder
That guy is an idiot. You can't tax people if they're not citizens, and if you're making everyone a citizen, there's no point in citizenship. Not to mention his "x-ray scanner" is a thing that already exists. It's called customs, and it's how you get into the country.

Plus, even if you tax them more (which is probably unconstitutional) it's probably going to cost more to keep them here than you'll make off of them. Does he think doctors are coming in illegally? No, it's poor people trying to get on welfare. And you can't earn money from them if you're the one giving them money in the first place.
lol 11:40 notgayjared saying "Good talk" made my day.  Though it's hard to tell if that's what he said with all the muffmouth.
I think we should just xray em...
Hey Steven. I am a viewer from Israel. We already have walls,and frankly,without them,we would get mass genocided.
Borders are there, which shape or form they have doesn't even matter imo because it doesn't matter if there is a Wall you're not allowed to pass illegally or a guarded entrance point you are not allowed to pass illegally. I think there are two issues with this physical border. Firstly, its an economic problem, because most certainly the Mexicans won't pay for that lol, and i don't think the American citizens want their hard earned money to go into something criminals just hop over. The second one, which is i think the main point why people are against a wall, is that it seems unethical. We had walls in our history before (GERMANY) and the pictures of this time don't connote a happy society.(I know that this wall wouldn't seperate a country itself, but still a lot of families would have it much more difficult to see each other.) Moving into an open world where everyone has the freedom to travel around freely, accept new people and live in plurality, the building of a wall would be the exact opposite picture of tolerance acceptance and embracement of new people and culture, even if it doesn't intend to do so. I get the point, as long as you are legal, the wall wouldn't change anything,everyone would still be welcomed, legally. It doesn't even change anything right now because that same wall is already there imaginative since you cant/shouldn't  just get into America illegally. In it's core, i think that everyone is for and against that ''wall'', because you are most definitely not racist Steven, everyone wants to separate the bad sheeps from the good ones. So we can live in peace and harmony. Oh my fuck i wrote all of this. If I only was half as encouraged in school.
Money lending, not laundering
That Spanish guy is retarded?
Does anyone know where the disproportionate crime rate from illegal immigrants statistic came from
There you go... the future governor of New Mexico.  Self-declared.  What could go wrong?
X-ray walls 
That 2nd person wanted some crazy globalist ish!
Dude with he white shirt has good intentions but not educated enough on the subject
I believe that its fair that this country wants to secure illegal immigration. i come from a family with an illegal parent so they may disagree with me on that but one way or another they will find another unique way to sneek in so no matter how much we try they will keep coming in, and as to the wall its the worse idea ever its a huge waste of money considering that most come in the country with visa and just overstay
Lmaoo these ppl sitting down dont know anything about living in Mexico fuck all the statistics nobody knows what it is for the Hispanic ppl and what they have to go through to have a better life and what do they do they separate families and deport everyone thats bs maybe yall should try to help those ppl instead of trying to keep them out
Steven, you need to either cut out that part where she asks you how to deport the illegals she knows, or you need to blur her a lot better. Just imagine what would happen if one of those illegals came across this video and finds out it was her. Her life would be in danger.
lol so let's say you're at a Wal-Mart with only self-checkout lanes, no cameras, no security, and no laws on the book to prevent you from stealing, that would be the border ctfu!
I wish I knew this guy engaged in his YouTube base with the same "Change my Mind" format (I get why he doesn't, but it's sad when I'd love you jump into this panel.)

I think a wall is a purely symbolic gesture for the US. A physical wall, I don't believe, will stop people from coming into the country illegally.

I think illegal immigrants are given a bad wrap as inherently bad people because they happen to break a single law. The US expects them to be murderers, thieves, killers, the like. I don't agree that that is likely at all.

I think the solution to fixing the immigration problem is to simplify the process of legal immigration financially and bureaucratically. Immigration isn't in itself a problem. America doesn't need to be sheltered by foreigners who are able and willing to work harder for less pay, because that level of competition stimulates an economy.
Theres already places with walls that been there and the Spanish foo deserves a neck bruh, the border got ppl already working there and doing literally what he described bruh, how you gunna talk about something you dont know
The wall has doors people, you can still come and go LEGALLY. Jesus Christ help our public schools. Thats a good topic for change my mind, why our public schools are failing lol
1550s? Wtf lol, sit your ass down haha

My Problem with the was is what it will do to the wildlife, and it's probably a trap to keep Americans on this side when crap goes down.
This guy just makin up words left and right haha
you cant just pull any random idiot off the street and use him to represent this issue or one side of the aisle. These people have not thought through their own thoughts.
First ladys iq seems terribly low
Was New Mexico a state in 1500s?
Im all for securing the border. But I will say this, Super Heroes make Super Villians. Cartels have unlimited resources and will find a way through. Sinews of war are infinite money!
Change My Mind about Common Core
The wall is literally just a joke tbh idc if they build it or not it's just a joke anyways 
It amazes me how some of the people who come on these segments have a sheer inability to have a structured conversation and frequently change the subject and jump of topic.
You got the yearlings cuz Hispanics and Latinos feel were under attack more than ever
I think the wall should be built and the border should have stronger protection. If you are a real good citizen in your country and have no criminal record and that you can prove you don't. I don't see why you shouldn't be able to relocate to another country legally--especially if where you live is life threatening to you survival. It shouldn't have to be years for it to become a citizen also, as long as you pay your taxes and respect the laws.
x-ray border, some kind of electronic ID tag, random sensors spread around cities: sounds extremely 1984-ish...
StevenCrowder Build the wall with your ass, bitch
My boy, shut the fuck up! What are you even saying? X-ray border? Dam, props for trying I guess.
Lmao Leroy is so damn stupid electronic I.d. tags, idk I need to sit down with some masterminds 
I think hes stoned. I relate to his style of speaking. Like barely there and you keep dropping your cigarettes type of dude. Mary Jane does this to my brain.
OMG.  The spanish guy "...let everyone come in, but make them citizens."  This lack of logic is why America is on a downward spiral.  It makes me want to smash my head on a......WAAAAALLLLL!
Leroy obviously hates his brown skin.
Another great change my man series.
I got a "change my mind" ad on a change my mind video.
This video sucked, you yourself couldn't even back up your sources just threw some numbers without saying the source where it comes from or who does those studies. How about put the links below on your sources where you get your info??? Far as I know your argument is BS*** and just want to build the wall that's all. Glad I ain't paying for your crappy video.
sounds like Leroy needs to watch less futuristic movies and to stay away from politics ..
Leroy is brown as fuck and says hes Spanish and not Mexican Spain is in Europe. They are white people this guy is clearly NOT white.
Magical thinking from Leroy.  All the illegals will just happily make themselves known to the government so they can pay taxes!  And everyone will be so happy with more government surveillance and tracking!
lmao yeahhhh lets spray those illegal border crossers with xrays without lead vests
That guy was retarded.
La raza La raza













Hate these people so much smh
Disabled man gets kicked in the balls for cutting his grass https://youtu.be/xJLe1MjTD94
Do police brutality isnt real
lol, crowder didn't even need to say anything, that look at the end said it all
 sounds like the dude at the end talking about the wall , is 33% high on the drugs....
This Change My Mind EP. needs another shoot. Video is to short
I think the wall is a good idea, but I don't want it to be so expensive!! We are on debt and we don't need something that is more costly.
The woman who is more afraid of criminal illegals than the police is quite revealing -- but not surprising.
The "not mexican" with 500 years of Mexican lineage is full of shit. Mexican shit.
Scientifical...? Lmao
Thats Mexican dude lol 
Your idea of random xray machines across the desert... Thats called a border/wall.... Dont try running for governor PLEASE LOL
This guy just said no borders, but litterly described a border as the alternative answer.
The world was created by God
Change my mind
Its not important, thats why the wall will never be built.
The first guy from New Mexico basically proposed a hell on earth police state with the mark of the beast to buy and sell. What a good!
Hey Crowder, where can I find your fact sheet for these discussions? Would love to use the same cited sources in some of my own debates and arguments?
More people use tunnels, so a wall would be useless.
Wtf? That Spanish dude sounds like hes describing the mark of the beast. A giant X-ray machine on the entire boarder of Mexico lmao. Brilliant plan. 
That dude made me loose brain cells.
Got a Steven Crowder Chang My Mind ad on this video, illusion 100
My brain melted after having to listen to that spanish guy. He legit sounds like he's high.
This is stupid he claims that some  immigrants dont want to pay taxes but its not like American citizens dont do that he is targeting and incriminating immigrants besides Trump did state that immigrants where the ones bringing in drugs, he can use the excuse that it was mis worded but if you think about it hes our president and if he cant even get his thoughts out of his mind why should he even be president much less why should we consider his idea about building a wall. And if we are getting into statistics statistically wise most immigrants dont even cross through the border its through airplanes and visas building a wall would be stupid and a waste of money
I won't say i know everything and my opinion is correct, because it may not be. But in my eyes you should just train more border guards, you don't exactly have that many and it's a good idea to fund them.
His solution for illegal immigrants . . . is to have them enter legally . . .
"scientifical"
Theyre not sending their best folks
I am your dad, CHANGE MY MIND.
My dude wears checkered vans
Autistic shill
What you do is remove the federal/state income taxes across the board and increase taxes on cost of goods sold to compensate. Now everyone pays a fair share and can determine when/how they save/spend their money etc. Entertainment for example needs to be taxed higher, why are we taxing income instead of wasteful products, conveniences, time wasting services etc? Our country was founded by immigrants leaving a tyrannous Government, we should never close our borders, we should never prevent people from entering our country. We need to make citizenship a lot easier to obtain etc. Period.
COMING IN HOTT
Bless her heart. She is asking for help from Steven...  I hope she gets help to deport this illegal criminals.
this isnt fair the people he interviews r usually retarded
Thats so sad. Fake victimhood actually creating victims
This dude is a fuckin' idiot....He must be high lol
Future governor of New Mexico...
X-Ray scanner
Did he just propose science fiction to solve the immigration crisis
Did he just propose science fiction to solve the immigration crisis
There already Is a Wall,   live in tijuana , shits impossible to jump
Steven. Here's your problem. Your very good at your  "statistical" research. Your smart don't get me wrong. But your a bit "in the box" your not allowing your mind to wander outside the box. To realzie that although it may be currently true that immigrants are commuting crime etc. (Being blunt for YouTube comment sake lol) the true reason they are commuting crime. The influence they had that led to their crime. Is from a system created and lead by the rich and peivligged. I think that a lot of the more leaning left people you talk to have trouble getting out there emotional and Abstract ways of looking at Society but I think you need to try and do that. Be more responsible and try changing your own mind just for the fun of it. see what happens.  I don't think you're a bad person but I definitely think you're close minded and don't realize that a lot of the crime and negative aspects of our society is actually due to the fact of segregation and Rich and privileged patterns through our country.  I would love to meet up and talk about this one day:)
The wall is a waste of tax dollars, as is welfare.
You need to be careful doing these things ... some people are crazy af
Hes talking to simpletons. Big deal
I'm against the wall for environmental reasons,  A lot of animals (mostly mammals) need to migrate through that space to breed and survive.
"x ray border.... " "I wanna be the Governor of new Mexico" good god
What the fuck was that guy talking about? An xray gate?? Does he not realize how fucking expensive that would be
I feel like these videos just end up being loud people wanting to spout their nonsense at a camera with no actual intention to change any minds. It's always just feels and no reals. I'm not sure if you ever annouce that you're showing up somewhere to do these, but if people had time to collect data and bring it to the table with a well formulated argument then it might work out better. I guess the problem with that, though, is assholes will organize to shut you down if they know in advance
I just feel sorry for that first guy tbh
Stop the illegal border crossings with our military right now as in yesterday.  Build the wall.
I like that first guys enthusiasm and "scientifical" ideas. But I think eventually he'll circle back around to the wall or something similar.
LOL
We live in idocracy today, Mike Judge can see the future and it's not to bright.
dude is annoying!
Why I am not surprised that when the "no wall" people are asked,  "well how would you manage immigration," they mostly shrug their shoulders and say you can't manage immigration. Bitch every nation on earth has immigration and immigration policies yet magically its only the U.S. southern border that is unmanageable and racist to have a wall or "physical impediment."

Also WTF was that shit when he said that citizen dealers are the problem in drug trafficking as opposed to the mules/ those who bring it across the border? Cut off the supply and then what would they be selling?
Spanish guy plays a lot of games or watches a lot of movies.
This dude could not stick to one point to save his life. Doesnt even know what hes trying to argue
can't wait for this guy to be governor
woooow, dude is so lost.
Why is the argument "they are hard working people"......how does being a hard worker equate to breaking the law. Can I use that if I steal my neighbors tv and get caught? "But I'm a hard worker"....
This second person... So stupid...
people are insane to think America can support all the immigrants that come here. Its insane. it will collapse the economy.
Let me know where and when I can sit down with you because I would LOVE to shut down your silly arguments. From the Wall to the debate about genders to...hell, I could probably shut you down on your favorite ice cream flavor. You're really not that bright, Steve.
Xray boarder and scientific gate. Brilliant! I also love your widen blank stare after Leroy
WOMP WOMMMMMP!
So in 5 years we'll be teleporting around the world for free!!! USA can't take in a whole country legal or not, there's no argument. USA HAVE TO BUILD THE WALL
The one overriding feature of this debate is how ill informed the people arguing against border security are. In fact Id go so far as to say that they are pretty poorly educated in general. Not that this should be a surprise; the whole premise of leftism is that of elites lying to the proles to generate resentment with which to intimidate their political foes.
Does anyone have the sources to Crowders statistics regarding homicide rate (37%), violent crime rate (13%) and drug trafficking rate (60-70%)?
I fucking died when the first lady asked how she can report those people all secretive like
#XRayBorder2020
No one should accept refugees. It's treating the symptoms not the illness. Devote the resources to bettering the lives of people in need where they want to live.
What?
I want to kill half of the universe. Change my mind.
I am Mexican and I am 100% for border security and deportation of criminals but honestly the two individuals who were interviewed were very hard to understand their position on the subject.
Latins or whatever?
The 2nd guy was stupid as shit lol
That guy's a flipping idiot! Gonna track people crossing borders without ever making them check in and he values money over safety. It doesn't get much stupider than that.
Haha an X-ray border
Here is a thought, make the process to gain legal citizenship easier than it is to illegally come to the US. Current method to gain citizenship is total BS.
tbh i dont really care if they build a wall like it won't do shit lmao
You should have blurred her entire body tbh because she could still be identified
We cannot afford to keep taxing  US citizens to pay for the illegal immigrant population. BTW most of the border has a barrier, but its cheap and penetrable, Trump should have said reinforce or rebuild the wall....Leroy, I hope when you see this you realize how idiotic you sounded.
Wow let's electronically tag everyone, that sounds less draconian than a wall......hmmmmmm
Guy number two is a classic liberal who thinks he's well informed
He did say they're bringing drugs.
There you go, come to the table with problems but zero solutions OR ridiculous solutions that make zero sense. That guy was all over the place and made zero points. Governor of NM? Not likely. He cant formulate a proper thought.
i believe the people you interviewed were incompetent, and had no sense of what they were talking about.
i lost so many brain cells watching this
Well isn't there more important things to do in this country like bringing down criminals than paying for a useless wall that Mexicans will always find a way to come in to this country? Do you even know how much money the cartel spends so their drugs come into the USA I think the real problem here is legalize drugs with moderated quantities that way also kids can't access it and you leave those fuckers put of business does that make sense?
Was this filmed in san jose california. I recognize those pay to ride scooters. With bird on it the street. San carlos and bird is the street
Please please please come to bakersfield California and do this segment. I'd love to prove that you've taken a Marxist stance on this issue.
Can you cite the sources for the statistics you were using
Love the Walther shirt!!! Keep up the great content on this channel!! Thanks!
That dude is dumb as shit 
I applaud Steven for maintaining his composure through this guys rant, considering he was in the presence of a real life meme. Tip of the beanie to you sir.
my family has been here since 1550... prove it liar, and speaks extremely poor English, damn
lol the first guys plan : make them all citizens and tax them, cool story we agree....but they have to go through the process that is in place. The amount of thought some of the idiots put into hypothetical policy is hilarious
Was Stephen paddock a illegal immigrant.. Where is he getting his statistics? Ppl
Illegal immigration is "against the law" technically. But i dont think it will resolve any issues.. The reason the wall bothers me is because the people who want to build it arent really concerned with the issues they present its just the blame card
Change my mind: They can fly, dig or swim over.
That guy in white was high af. Pass whatever he smoking
I just saw an add with crowder in it on this video
LOL at the first guy. W. T. F
The guy was hilarious. Doesn't know how things work and just talking senseless stuff. "Just make them legal and tax them". Lost it at "Some kind of electronic ID tag of  uhhh some sort....How do you check that without a border control ? Uhh I don't know...X-ray scanner which gets your number" this guy clearly watched too many sci-fi movies.
Was that really the best conversation you had? :D
Wait if illegal immigrants commit 37% of murders and black ppl commit 51% then ur telling me that white ppl only commit 12%??  Hows that possible
I would love to be on this one. Anyways this guy couldn't gather his thoughts together. Made me want to smack him. To to to to today junior!
X-RAY wall huh??? Welcome to the United States of America... you now have cancer LMAO
Do people not realize there's already a wall there. We have borders already. And there are specific areas where you leave and enter one country to another. When Trump says "build the wall" he means to increase the security around the already existing wall to prevent illegals from coming through.
We build the walls not because we hate people outside, 
but because we love and protect people INSIDE.
11:30 you almost lost it rationalizing his "ideas"
Steven, are you aware of your "Change My Mind Meme"? Cuz if not I suggest you check it out cuz with respect to you, some of them are really funny.
Deep down they all just want the USA to be more brown.
My dad Harambe is alive. Change my mind. 
this guy is retarded dont build a wall build an x-ray gate if he becomes governor of new mexico then i dont even know
show me a 100 m wall and I 'll show a 101 m ladder, do you seriously think a bigger wall is going to stop it?  You have no idea what immigrants have to go through to get there, you never will. If they do build it, who do you think is going to build it you dumbfucked bitch? Fucking build it, build it youself smart ass and then watch it fail. Your ideology is not this or that, you're just fucking depressed and angry with yourself. I respect a lot of your views but I can see now, you're just a dick head for the sake of being a dick head. You must be looking forward to get fucked up, daddy didn't beat hard enough? Go do this at the border while you build, get fucking shot bitch.

Better yet, come over here, spew your bullshit in Mexico cunt
Yeah solid walls are so yesterday. We could just have a death ray that shines on the border. Now that would be next level.
Probably the dumbest person Ive ever heard speak was the gentlemen with the white shirt. Smh.
druugs-ee
Do you ever start to interview someone, and just a few seconds in, realize they have no clue what is going on? Because that's what happened here 
I like this concept, but after watching a multitude of your videos.....you're essentially a poster boy for right-wing ideology with the same exact talking points. I do agree with very few topics, but your arguments used in support are 90% nothing but critiquing the discrepancies in dialogue of the opposition rather than providing a direct rebuttal.
Anyone who comes legally should be granted citizens? What if they have no education and skills? How do you tax that? Who will pay for them to get qualifications?
The guy he interviewed is another person living in a globalist fantasy world. They came into the country illegally, aka they are not interested in taking any tests for citizenship.
Build the Wall, change my mind, Crowder youre Canadian man...
This guy with his X-ray border did a sound job of publicly humiliating himself...
I think Id agree with a lot with Crowder about most issues like having secure borders except building the wall. Im an avid outdoorsman, I hunt, I fish and Im an environmental conservationist. I believe in secure borders, but the wall is going to damage so much natural landscape, and for animals the border along the Rio grande is their only way to get water. I think upping border security would be more effective. These people that cross over illegally are gunna find more unconventional methods of crossing. I believe that upping border security will incentivize people to not smuggle where theres heavy security and if the whole border has security we can expect smuggling operations to get busted more frequently while also create safer places for cities and towns along the border. Some of these peoples lives depend on finding a new home or smuggling drugs and wall isnt going to scare these people off. Theyll keep trying till they have a ladder to clime, or break a hole though it. These are just what ifs but its what I believe
go build it, like i give a shit what dumb americans do with their money. where there is a will there is a way a walls wont keep people from enterering the USA
Is it really the best use of money?  Is that the best way to enforce immigration laws? I don't trust the government spending on anything but surely there are more high tech ways to protect the borders. It's almost the lazy way to try & fix the issue. We are supposed to be the most wealthy & advanced country in the world & a wall is the best thing we can come up with? I think we can do better.
I got a crowder ad before this video!
If I requested that you tear down the walls to your house, but leave all of your property and family members inside and allow anyone to walk through your living space, would you be like Yeah! That sounds like an awesome idea!

No?

Why not??
i don't get how can people be so dumb
Then filthy Mexicans with their tacos and burritos and Menudo damn now I'm hungry
Why does Leroy try so hard to make himself look smart?
The wall won't do crap. Lmao.
lol wow that guy ruled hard - someone who actually has a plan to get involved in politics instead of just sitting on camera trying to convince normal people about things he's researched the shit out of. Steven, you said very little during that chat that had any kind of merit... there's zero chance you'd win this debate with anyone researched as you're defending a position of a grand total of 1 outcome (build a physical wall) which is essentially saying it's the best and only currently viable solution, which would be a very hard sell even if it were true. His idea of a laser xray wall is equally as silly as your physical wall one... the solution is clearly not that simple and will need to be a combination of things to ensure people follow the rules and set process.
The face at the end... Lol
But how would you have a x-ray wall if there is no wall at all??
Steven we shouldn't build the wall. we conquer Mexico take over there damn country think about it all their people want to be American and are to poor to even farm make them all Americans and put them to work like they want to
A couple things on Illegal Immigration. For one, Illegal Immigrants do not commit more crime than anyone else, according to the most recent statistics, there is no signs showing that Illegal Immigrants create a dispraportionate amount of crime, and in fact when arrested it's usually for a much less worse crime. Secondly, the idea of an actual border wall is pretty ridiculous. Estimates have put it at 70 billion dollars to build as well as 150 million dollars to maintain, a cost that is ridiculous considering that the success of a border wall in keeping out criminals is questionable at best. But last of all, Illegal Immigrants benefit this nation. Illegal Immigrants pay billions of dollars in taxes every year, but never actually see any of those benefits for themselves like medicare or medicaid, which means that they are just paying American citizens so they can live thier own lifestyles. Overall, while legal immigration is preferable, all evidence shows that a wall is absolutely not the solution
Class act Steven letting the dude get his points across knowing he was playing checkers in a chess game mentally.
This is the best people you could get? Youre talking to people with the mental capacity of 6th graders. Youre getting bad, crouder.. i mean if thats all you could get then fine, but Jesus that was painful to watch. It makes you look dumb as well. Im for building the wall and could have put up a better argument not to build it.
100% of illegal immigrants are criminals lol
Stevens, I think you are actively selecting who to be put in or out of the footage to make your argument seems solid, while its still extremely weak in this video.
5:07 "I'm not Mexican..."  Your accent says otherwise hombre.
Idgaf i the us wants to build a wall, but we mexicans wont pay for that stupid shit, if I ever encounter some racist people ill beat the shit out of them, idc
once borders are gone, that means one government, one rule and were all fucked cmon people
Scientifical
"Change My Mind" conclusions;  A majority of Americans are not intelligent.  The dumb ones like to argue the most about being wrong.  Statistics and facts scare people....
i just think the wall is going to be a waste of taxpayer money.
I can usually watch these all the way trough but that last guy was really rambling. Had to skip it. Keep it up guys.
I wall a would cost more than it's worth. I hear most illegal immigrants fly in and just don't fly back again. A wall costs a shit load but the reward isn't the best. I'm not the answers man but I'm sure there is a better way
That woman should have been a little more blurred and voice changed if she was subdued into fearing the illegals. This lady probably went back home and was killed. If I had a line up of women, I could pick her out of that line up. Think about the people who actually know her and her voice.
X-Ray gate for people to pass through. And this gate would be attached to...........................................................a  WALL perhaps?
Well to be perfectly honest, in my humble opinion, of course without offending anyone who thinks differently from my point of view, but also looking into this matter in a different perspective and without being condemning of one's view and trying to make it objectified, and by considering each and everyone's valid opinion, I honestly believe that I completely forgot what I was going to say.
Leeroy "I don't know the proper scientifical-ray border" Trio
i dont get it.. Xray walls? are you tagging hundreds of millions of people in United States? how much of money gonna be poured there?
At the end of the day this whole situation is sad. My parents were both illegal immigrants and did what they did to give me and my siblings a better life.. and for that Im forever thankful, because I wouldnt be where I am today. Theres just a lot of bad people that come to the U.S for another purpose. And thats what makes the rest look bad.
We need to get fluoride out of the water
Guys the wall isn't for the Mexicans, it's to keep us in when martial law is activated. They want to prevent us from being able to leave when the shit hits the fan.
X-ray or ID tags all that is still a wall
Good fear mongering by Steven crowder.. Hey how much did you pay that lady?
08:54 -  "Borders will become a thing of the past" - and the same run-on sentence the interviewee wants the US (a country with its own borders) to give citizenship to illegal aliens, and tax them....  There is a contradiction in terms here..... hmmm.... I wonder if the interviewee will eventually figure it out, while describing some futuristic "border control" system with "x-rays" and frickin' lasers along the border (but border should not exist.....).
This Spanish guy is a fucking retard.
I think we should tag people like cattle after putting them through x-ray machines after they hand write a note saying why they want to come to the US because I want to be governor of Sante Fe, NM and pharmaceutical companies pour billions of dollars into flooding the streets with opioids. Change my mind.
The fact that you think building a wall is a appropriate as if to claim that America belongs to you and you should keep everyone else out is wrong. If you recall your own history that country does not belong to you, your British ancestors came and took it from the native Indians that the country rightly so belonged to, you killed them raped their women and children and you glorified it in your cowboy films and RECLAIMED THE COUNTRY as your own. Now you think you can build a wall from the very people that that country once belonged to. Just goes to show what bunch of greedy, lying, hypocrites that you and your president are. Doesn't that your from Canada still a British colony. How do you think your ancestors got to America and Canada. Did they GET THERE LEGALLY, yes there was no laws at that time but if the very ideas (and today's laws) your proposing now existed then, then You would be the illegal immigrants and a wall would be built against you.
The fact that you think building a wall is a appropriate as if to claim that America belongs to you and you should keep everyone else out is wrong. If you recall your own history that country does not belong to you, your British ancestors came and took it from the native Indians that the country rightly so belonged to, you killed them raped their women and children and you glorified it in your cowboy films and RECLAIMED THE COUNTRY as your own. Now you think you can build a wall from the very people that that country once belonged to. Just goes to show what bunch of greedy, lying, hypocrites that you and your president are. Doesn't that your from Canada still a British colony. How do you think your ancestors got to America and Canada. Did they GET THERE LEGALLY, yes there was no laws at that time but if the very ideas (and today's laws) your proposing now existed then, then You would be the illegal immigrants and a wall would be built against you.
Hopefully this guy doesn't become governor of anything.
The fact that you think building a wall is a appropriate as if to claim that America belongs to you and you should keep everyone else out is wrong. If you recall your own history that country does not belong to you, your British ancestors came and took it from the native Indians that the country rightly so belonged to, you killed them raped their women and children and you glorified it in your cowboy films and RECLAIMED THE COUNTRY as your own. Now you think you can build a wall from the very people that that country once belonged to. Just goes to show what bunch of greedy, lying, hypocrites that you and your president are. Doesn't that your from Canada still a British colony. How do you think your ancestors got to America and Canada. Did they GET THERE LEGALLY, yes there was no laws at that time but if the very ideas (and today's laws) your proposing now existed then, then You would be the illegal immigrants and a wall would be built against you.
The fact that you think building a wall is a appropriate as if to claim that America belongs to you and you should keep everyone else out is wrong. If you recall your own history that country does not belong to you, your British ancestors came and took it from the native Indians that the country rightly so belonged to, you killed them raped their women and children and you glorified it in your cowboy films and RECLAIMED THE COUNTRY as your own. Now you think you can build a wall from the very people that that country once belonged to. Just goes to show what bunch of greedy, lying, hypocrites that you and your president are. Doesn't that your from Canada still a British colony. How do you think your ancestors got to America and Canada. Did they GET THERE LEGALLY, yes there was no laws at that time but if the very ideas (and today's laws) your proposing now existed then, then You would be the illegal immigrants and a wall would be built against you.
The fact that you think building a wall is a appropriate as if to claim that America belongs to you and you should keep everyone else out is wrong. If you recall your own history that country does not belong to you, your British ancestors came and took it from the native Indians that the country rightly so belonged to, you killed them raped their women and children and you glorified it in your cowboy films and RECLAIMED THE COUNTRY as your own. Now you think you can build a wall from the very people that that country once belonged to. Just goes to show what bunch of greedy, lying, hypocrites that you and your president are. Doesn't that your from Canada still a British colony. How do you think your ancestors got to America and Canada. Did they GET THERE LEGALLY, yes there was no laws at that time but if the very ideas (and today's laws) your proposing now existed then, then You would be the illegal immigrants and a wall would be built against you.
The fact that you think building a wall is a appropriate as if to claim that America belongs to you and you should keep everyone else out is wrong. If you recall your own history that country does not belong to you, your British ancestors came and took it from the native Indians that the country rightly so belonged to, you killed them raped their women and children and you glorified it in your cowboy films and RECLAIMED THE COUNTRY as your own. Now you think you can build a wall from the very people that that country once belonged to. Just goes to show what bunch of greedy, lying, hypocrites that you and your president are. Doesn't that your from Canada still a British colony. How do you think your ancestors got to America and Canada. Did they GET THERE LEGALLY, yes there was no laws at that time but if the very ideas (and today's laws) your proposing now existed then, then You would be the illegal immigrants and a wall would be built against you.
The fact that you think building a wall is a appropriate as if to claim that America belongs to you and you should keep everyone else out is wrong. If you recall your own history that country does not belong to you, your British ancestors came and took it from the native Indians that the country rightly so belonged to, you killed them raped their women and children and you glorified it in your cowboy films and RECLAIMED THE COUNTRY as your own. Now you think you can build a wall from the very people that that country once belonged to. Just goes to show what bunch of greedy, lying, hypocrites that you and your president are. Doesn't that your from Canada still a British colony. How do you think your ancestors got to America and Canada. Did they GET THERE LEGALLY, yes there was no laws at that time but if the very ideas (and today's laws) your proposing now existed then, then You would be the illegal immigrants and a wall would be built against you.
The fact that you think building a wall is a appropriate as if to claim that America belongs to you and you should keep everyone else out is wrong. If you recall your own history that country does not belong to you, your British ancestors came and took it from the native Indians that the country rightly so belonged to, you killed them raped their women and children and you glorified it in your cowboy films and RECLAIMED THE COUNTRY as your own. Now you think you can build a wall from the very people that that country once belonged to. Just goes to show what bunch of greedy, lying, hypocrites that you and your president are. Doesn't that your from Canada still a British colony. How do you think your ancestors got to America and Canada. Did they GET THERE LEGALLY, yes there was no laws at that time but if the very ideas (and today's laws) your proposing now existed then, then You would be the illegal immigrants and a wall would be built against you.
The fact that you think building a wall is a appropriate as if to claim that America belongs to you and you should keep everyone else out is wrong. If you recall your own history that country does not belong to you, your British ancestors came and took it from the native Indians that the country rightly so belonged to, you killed them raped their women and children and you glorified it in your cowboy films and RECLAIMED THE COUNTRY as your own. Now you think you can build a wall from the very people that that country once belonged to. Just goes to show what bunch of greedy, lying, hypocrites that you and your president are. Doesn't that your from Canada still a British colony. How do you think your ancestors got to America and Canada. Did they GET THERE LEGALLY, yes there was no laws at that time but if the very ideas (and today's laws) your proposing now existed then, then You would be the illegal immigrants and a wall would be built against you.
Starting @ 10:05 you can really see what an utter moron this guy is."This is a free thought right now so for me to execute this, etc, etc"...rotflmao. Steven's patience with this nuckle dragging flesh bag is epic.
The fact that you think building a wall is a appropriate as if to claim that America belongs to you and you should keep everyone else out is wrong. If you recall your own history that country does not belong to you, your British ancestors came and took it from the native Indians that the country rightly so belonged to, you killed them raped their women and children and you glorified it in your cowboy films and RECLAIMED THE COUNTRY as your own. Now you think you can build a wall from the very people that that country once belonged to. Just goes to show what bunch of greedy, lying, hypocrites that you and your president are. Doesn't that your from Canada still a British colony. How do you think your ancestors got to America and Canada. Did they GET THERE LEGALLY, yes there was no laws at that time but if the very ideas (and today's laws) your proposing now existed then, then You would be the illegal immigrants and a wall would be built against you.
What a fuckin meathead! I hope that guy doesn't breed! Your face at the end of this vid is priceless!
literally the only topic I disagree with Crowder on...
digital tags seems like a horrible degrading idea
Bro. Been waiting on this for a long long time. gotta cover this one again. 1 up north. 1 out west.  1 down south. it would be a even wider social experiment.
X-ray scanner huh?
The second person really has no damn clue. Make them citizens and tax them? They will just work underground and dont claim anything. 

The guy has no clue how immigration works but yet has a lot of input about how to solve it.
Building a wall keeps people out, but also keeps people in.
Blurs face but doesn't blur nametag with face and name
Mine fields are cheaper and more effective.
So what I get from this is that illegals automatically become citizens as they cross this x-ray border just by having an excuse, in the meantime, my wife married me (a citizen), waited two years of paperwork so that she could come here from South America, then she had to wait a year to get a green card, and then finally wait three more years to qualify for citizenship, all while paying a fuck load of money each time. Yeah, fuck that dude. His idea is completely off the fucking wall
Mexico has had a Southern border wall to keep out poor Guatemalans.  Try crossing into Mexico undocumented and see how quickly they jail you.
All these Mexicans talking trying to make an excuse as to why they are not Mexican lol like bitch you can't even talk right talking bout your family been here since the 50s lol I speak better English then that weakazz dude
Cheap prick here, checking in. :)
I've seen a bunch of videos of people talking about immigration and it seems clear to me that the majority of people against the wall, deportation, ice etc need to be informed on the difference between an illegal immigrant and a legal immigrant because 95% of them don't know the difference. Hell most of them think they are the same thing!
Dumb guy, everything he suggested to Steven requires a physical checkpoint and points to funnel through. He seriously did not realize that in a roundabout way he said build a wall.
The wall is a terribly inefficient addition to the current security layers at the border. It's a waste of money. We can secure the border with technology. The wall costs $25 billion dollars initially, would require the government to take land from American citizens, and it will cost billions to maintain thousands of miles of concrete. Trump did in fact say that the people crossing the border are not good people and that they bring crime and drugs. Also, first and second generation immigrants commit less crime on average than citizens who have lived here for generations.
Steven, I am sure your team has already concluded this, but his topic needs a second try.
I love what you're doing, but I don't think you should have kept the ICE part in there, If someone watched video and saw that {that may have been apart of the money laundering} they may launch attacks on her.
This is probably the dumbest thing I've ever heard...... an x-ray border?
I believe people should come here legally and there should be border policy but the wall is a huge waste of money.
Did he say borders are a thing of the past what, also how much is estimated the wall will cost thats just the only concern I have
Hm...billions of US tax dollar spending thwarted by a simple $21 purchase on amazon.   I think Amazon ships to Juarez, I might have to research that one.

http://a.co/6XQ30mn 

(Free shipping with Amazon Prime btw)
What percentage of illegal immigrants commits crimes?? Try 100% they're here ILLEGALLY
Sorry im kinda confused, does he actually believe in this or is this more satire?
Dude, you should have blurred her ID card hanging from her neck.
@stevencrowder I would alter that ladies voice too, for her safety. You don't know who these people could be.
The second guy was completely incoherent
That zoom in the end, I love it
5:11 " Im not mexican im spanish MY familys been in new mexico since around the 1550's right around there."
I just lost brain cells watching this man that sat with him.
Why does she have a plant in a bottle???
Fuck yes! This vid was great, good job keep up the work
it sounds like he wants the implanted mark of the beast to facilitate government enforcement over our lives. nice!
Didn't realize there was so many people who have absolutely NO COMMON SENSE WHATSOEVER !!!  Send the message that ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS will not be given free hand-outs and then a good majority of them will not show up at the border ... SIMPLE FIX !!!  AND BUILD THE WALL TOO ... FAST !!!
#WWG1WGA - #Qanon
This guy on crack
Except that a brain washed phag cucks mind is unchangeable
Bitcoin will become a global currency in 20 years. Change my mind.
man, that was kind of a let-down. Please do this again...somewhere with potential for more intelligent participants.
Im in Okinawa, Japan, but I really wish I could have sit down and speak on this subject. The guests who took the time to speak did not do the subject justice. I could write a paper on this subject if I had a place to send it. I would appreciate an opportunity to voice my own opinion on why the wall shouldnt be built. That being said I love these videos and wish I could have been in any of them to have an intellectual debate on such great, third railing subjects. Keep up the good work 
Waste of money
Crowder, love your show, but seriously, where the fuck did you get those statistics..?
That guy is an idiot. I'm sorry, but an x-ray wall....WTF?!
When you let people come illegal it is an insult and disrespect to people who obey the laws and come legally.
We might find some areas where we disagree versus areas where we disagree,  nice one crowder
The second guy was literally brainwashed to just think wall=bad, even tho all his views basically aligned with having a wall
I got an ad for a "Change My Mind" video on this video. gg, Youtube.
Thats second guy wants a new world order, he so stuck in the future but yet doesnt understand how you get to this so called future. Lol  he needs to meet with a group of masterminds.
if hes from Canada why does he even care about whats going on in the US tf
first time watcher...and you call me a cheap prick at the end...sorry for watching...wont happen again...promise.
Is this woman walking around with a branch in a plastic bottle?
I would've had to of let him know just how stupid he sounded. I can't deal with that kind of stupidity.
Why do you dare people to change your mind when you know damn well you wont change your mind? Also, great sticking to republican talking points and just throwing red herrings everywhere. This dude is pathetic.
I think that the wall is a total waste of money I am all for protecting our borders. I think what we really need to focus is making the immigration system more reliable. The immigration judges have just a few minutes to decide weather to deport people. A thing I am also shocked about is that illegal immigrants dont have right to lawyer if they cant afford one. We need to focus on giving immigrants a chance to represent themselves before they get deported not a multi billion dollar wall that wont work
America needs to take over Mexico. Problem solved!
................................who the fuck?? These guys can't even form coherent sentences let alone debate. "I BELIEVE IN NO BORDERS HURR DURR", "A WALL MEANS NO IMMIGRATION AT ALL".......what the flying fuck????
Constant drone surveillance of the border would probably be cheaper and more effective. Whether you use a wall or a drone patrol you would need border patrol spaced to intervene if people tried to get through, so that's not much of a distinguishing factor.

Whatever we do, please don't make me choose between breaking the law and getting an implanted ID. That is some crazy authoritarian stuff for that guy to be throwing down.
How did you keep from laughing at sci-fi boy? X-ray scanners and electronic tags?
Tax them.... So steal from them.
Suggestion: for these talks would it be useful to hand out a few terms (vocabulary) to save some lead-in time for your conversations? As a comms consultant in companies and orgs who find this useful before objectives and panning sessions. I am always praying for your safety as you do this work to tell people the facts of theses topics.
Hes going to look at his video and just be embarrassed 
Why not do it like Denmark? Where you need a CPR number(SSN equivalent) to do literally anything? And they make temporary ones for immigrants just to have them documented. We don't utilize how necessary we can make having a SSN be.
Come onnnnnnnnn!  At least have a debate with a non-moron
Pharmerscuticals 
Governor of new Mexico  what a bender 
Trump did say mexicans r drug dealers, what the hell is steven on about?
A free thought  .. he is wrecked .. no solutions what so ever .. 

How about a SPACE FORCE
"I want to be gorvenor" says the man who is done nothing but make outlandish statements. Wants "X-ray borders" for doesnt' want a wall!? How does he propose the criminals adhere to this system of his? lol
Dude that comes in talking about drug issues... offers up an idea youd have to be high to think of.
5:07 guy is a joke  .. I D I O T
5:07 dude was low key sorta high key excited to be in Crowders presence 
Fucking leroy is a nazi!!! Fucking wants people tracked like the jews with their tattooed numbers?!
That dude was meth out. Kept stickin his tongue out 
a lot to say, many valid points that can counter this
Did you just call your Youtube viewers either poor or cheap pricks?
Your mom gay
No one wants to sit down. Because the topic of the wall os stupid and your mind cant be changed if you are on that level. The thing is you dont believe in the wall, you say mean more of an imigration reform and stuff.. Then why not put that? Why say build the wall.. Clickbait.   But your clickbait didnt work cuz no one sat down.. Because the wall is stupid.. A fisical wall.. Thats stupid.. And you are stupid crowder because you dont believe in the fisical wall either. Fail
That guy sounds like Zoolander
The problem is that Latino immigrants are not even at the very least contributing to our society monetarily. 

50% of latinos are on welfare. The illegal ones still get welfare through their naturalized children. Also their children go to our schools for free at a cost of $5,000 a year per head to taxpayers. Also these people do not get insurance so often as not when you get in a crash with a Latino your car isn't getting fixed. Why do we need them? Why should we take them? We are current day America our lands are filled up, we want the best and brightest or none at all.
Crowder is an idiot sometimes.. The wall is stupid.. Its a symbol that cost a lot. That same money can be used in a different way than a wall to stop ilegal immigration.
I don't know what the solution is, but the wall is tacky as fuck. Something that will be torn down eventually. There must be a better solution..
damn you should have blurred that lady out entirely.
3.5% of the population being illegal immigrants committing a whopping 37% of all homicides without a reference sounds like complete horse shit. I googled trying to find this stat and havent found anything close to the figure you stated. Please try and reference stats like that that are increadibly important to the arguement.
Dude might be high on meth. Sounds like it just keeps talking
There's underground tunnels that immigrants cross over to the States. They also come over on ships and through Canada. How about giving a huge fine for anyone hiring illegal immigrants. By the way Mexicans aren't the only illegals in USA.
900k views in about one to two days and not on the trending list.
Seems to be a growing feeling  among some people that we need no borders, we need no countries, a world of free happy...this is silly.  Do you leave your electronic devices laying around in public, do you lock your car and house doors?  Maybe people will just voluntarily pay what they consider their fair share of taxes.  Does any group of humans, such as governments have more or less corruption and problems as it gets bigger?  Silly rabbits
I'm taking 2 hot mexican females. Lmk.
fuck the wall, just get rid of all welfare programs across the board. No social security whatsoever, I bet, most of the immigrants would leave and no foreigners want to come in unless they're willing to work.
That Mexican lad was clueless. People like him who will have our last right snatched away.
That was a waste of a video that second guy was a freaking idiot
Most people cross borders while hiding in hidden compartments of vehicles, not by foot and there's already border control for that. The wall wouldn't change a thing.
10:45 Bro you're describing a boarder checkpoint...
I just came here looking for X-Ray Border comments
Communism goal- No borders. One nation. Make people as "one" with no culture. Control them all.
a wall wont do a thing!
Illegals are majority lazy.
Islam isnt a religion. Change my mind
Doesnt believe in borders or checkpoints. 

Believes in microchipping everyone so you know where everyone is when they cross the border...... at a magical xray checkpoint. 

Liberal logic 101.
reads the title 

Oh no...
The wall is a joke it won't happen.
Who knew so called conservatives would be chanting for the government to save them and support more government workers (border petrol) at a time when government retirements might be taking in more than socialist security in the future.

Also people supporting e-verify which is nothing more than government verify, Seriously government approved workers wtf.

The government is not going to save you from itself and it is not the illegal's giving welfare to the people getting them dependent on government, spending our treasury into the ground & enforcing unconstitutional laws it is the federal government - this illegal immigrant non issue is a divide & conquer strategy that gets people eyes & ears away from the real threat to our nation -->Federal government.

So called conservatives now a days support big government like more spending, more government workers, eminent domain and we have a president that praised socialist healthcare before, during & after the election and who is pushing gun control Trump who knew this would happen.
Blur out her nametag as well.  She could get killed.
That was a pretty anti-left ad with Ben Shapiro for an unbiased change my mind segment it's almost like one of those "liberal fake news bubbles" y'all talk about so much
I see the guy was making a video or streaming I wonder if you put his video up because everything he said sounded extremely ignorant
Chicago is one small example of how illegals affect black areas....Baking factory found to have hired 800 illegals, once they were gone 800 jobs opened up, guess who got those jobs...
For a dude who invested last 3 years of his life to sort this problem, he knows pretty much nothing about this kind pf problem. 

Me, as a forin observer, I thing america definitely should rework its imigration policy and build a wall as a gesture.
Ok steve look i love your content but this wall is a joke. Did you know illegal immigration is at an all time low for the usa? Also most illegal immigrants come BY PLANE so whats a wall going to do? My stats come from a very trusted show called Adam Ruins everything who has been fact checked several times.
Great video!
" we don't need to build a wall because now we can tax them if they come into the country"....
How the fuck are we going to tax them if they come illegally because we have no wall you stupid ignorant moron.
These people are incredibly retarded, and it is shocking such a large part of American that are capable of voting are so incredibly misinformed and ignorant, and have NO DESIRE TO LEARN THE TRUTH AT ALL UNFORTUNATELY...
Freedom of thought. We need barcodes and tagge them. And then xrays scientificalise them. Be more free flowingggg mannnnn. Free Drugggsee for New Mexico.
That dude thinks he's gonna be governor..........we're in trouble:-\
@StevenCrowder what do you think of this Peter Fonda situation involving his remarks about kidnaping Baron Trump and with Twitter not shutting him down on his threats?
Hes spaniard cause his family been there since 1550s, stupidest claim in the world. The aztec face never lies bro
I'm surprised no one says no to the wall because of the cost, or the fact they can fly over or tunnel under... Tighten the border, but where it matters. Walls gunna be pointless.
That guy smokes some good stuff
Leroy had no facts, used nothing but vague/opinionated comments, and rambled through all of these opinions while repeating most many times.  If he had a point, it was lost.
Pray for New Mexico
He can be the governor of his moms basement.......ahhh yep.
"I don't profit of triggering people" change my mind
8:49 brain dead idiot.......
The bad thing about the wall is itll do a whooooole lotta nothing for a whooooole lotta money
I agree with border reform, obviously you have to have borders thats fair but a wall is just a symbol and it has demonstrably been proven that a wall wouldnt prevent illegal immigration anymore - its basically just a symbol. Just my opinion
The problem I have with using "ststistics" and the "literature" is that it is controlled by those who write it. I have seen too many skewed numbers in this "society" .

It's sad to see how so many people say they are "legal citizens" and they are following the "laws" but fail to realize that they are not following the "laws". 

"Illegals" don't pay taxes...thats ignorance. Because EVERY TIME someone buys food, gas, clothing,  or whatever;  guess what, they pay taxes. Some may want to try to argue they don't pay "labor taxes". Again, ignorance, because there's actually no laws that says you have to pay labor taxes...in fact it's illegal. Hmmm
It was super racist of Leroy to imply that his blood is pure Spanish. If his family really was from Spain they were part of the slave owner class in New Mexico
He finds the dumbest people. Maybe they are the only ones willing but damn like they can barely create a sentence let alone a persuasive argument
On gender and abortion, there are people trying to make changes that you oppose. In this case, you are proposing that the wall be built. To some extent, I think the onus is on you to justify it. I think most people see it as a perfectly normal security fixture or a thing that we never needed and will not need. There's no in between. I think the strength of this series is showing the in-between and the nuances of the topic. This video didn't show that. I don't think it's ok to just pick a side thoughtlessly and then blame the other for not having put in much thought. Please try again and try to find more people that can have an informed and nuanced discussion.
Lol, Steve a bitch for the last part. They guy was actually saying some heavy true shit at the end about the pharmaceuticals being the big business pushing harmful/addicting drugs to the people. Steve cut him off lol, not surprised at this point of trump supporters now man.
Put that stand up in San Antonio on the westside and see how fast your ass gets beat.
"I'd have to get a few mastermind individuals".

Crowder, where are you finding these people? lol
You should have edited this out. Blurring her face is not going to keep them from knowing who she is.
Everyone on the left is just fine with corruption, just as long as it benefits THEM.
What AREA was it? Seemed kinda empty. What was up? Werent you allowed or didnt you had the balls to do this episode on a college campus?
most of these people have extremely low intelligence.
NEXT: Islam is not a religion of peace.
Lesson: Leftists are ignorant racist fucking losers; don't waste your breath talking to them.
The reason no one sat is because we all know we need the wall, and the two people that did sit I'm willing to bet my life they both were not citizens. They couldn't even form proper sentences, and both actually agreed we need immigration control.
I lost brain cells listening to that guy.
Wow Steven, way to fly the coup. Walls? Really? When have walls served a free society?
Pee is stored in the balls - Change my mind
An X-ray gate!  LMAO this guy.
Not sure how you kept a straight face while listening to Leroy
Not Gay Jared wearing a fanny pack.  Must be conceal carrying in that bad boy. 
Lmao the office moment at the end
Lets settle this. Lets make illegal immigration illegal.
Leroy is kinda stupid
Please blurr the lady a bit more
This dude has to be on somethin
Steven's face at the end of the video says it all.....
I say the wall wont stop problem, it would more in fact cause because if they are saying that immigrants dont want to pay taxes and the wall will just put us more in debt which will be payed by the taxpayers which will cause an increase in taxes. Not only most of our country all ready lives in poverty, so that will cause the economy it self go down. Also not that many immigrants cross by the border, in fact many studies show that most immigrants come to the United States by airplanes and just overstaying there visa. So there nothing but negativity that can come from that wall being built. Hopefully you read my message and it will give you something to consider then just to say build the wall....
Statistically they are illegal, so choot um a little bit.
Jesus that guy is off
Was that guy when he sat down next to Crowder?
Well I live around A LOT of seasonal workers and Ive actually overheard them asking cashiers for tax exemption. The others grumble that their Levi swim trunks are taxed. They DO NOT want to put back in. Thats an absolute crock of shit pulled out of asses to portray they want to assimilate. They dont. They are here for money and nothing else..... They hate us and it shows. Fuck them.
He was a prime example of where a persons confidence is much higher than their intelligence. At least have an idea of what you want to say and actually have a point to put across instead of just waffling on like a moron about something your clearly not knowledgable about.
Jesus he was all over the shop.
The main issue is ILLEGAL Immigrants, to many, not enough resources or money to vet them all and who is going to pay for this, the tax payer.  Yes, I feel bad for those people who were born in sh**hole places that are corrupt and they want better for themselves and for their children but at least have a skill to contribute along with coming in legally.  Others who come in legally and become citizens have to go through the process, why shouldn't these illegal immigrants?  We have enough homeless and illegals that we can't support because we never anticipated this flow of people.  We need to fix our country first then help others.  We the US try to fix everything for everyone in other countries while our veterans and other legal citizens get hung out to dry, we can't help others until we fix internally first.  The guy speaking to Crowder, I wonder what he does for a living because he isn't even remotely smart, has no concept or intelligent solution for this serious issue we are facing right now.  An X-Ray fence, if people are so bent out of shape for the cost of the new wall, then what will the cost be for this type of wall, technology needs to be used, sure, but sometimes simple is better.
Wall won't matter.  Drug $ will blast holes through, over, under or around that wall.  All it will do is create a few jobs
These guys were too stupid Stephen.
I got an easy solution. Instead of wasting my money on a wall. Lets fine the companies paying shit wages for illegal immigrants. You cut off the food source. You cut off the problem.
And this is an prime  example of why they don't want "the wall" ! ( most that don't apparently don't even know what a wall is ) Or what legal migration is....
Borders is Borders back in the day Rome will fight for it's borders of the Barbarians attack
US will defend itself when zombies attack your back yard what would you do?
So, I've learned!! People against the wall are morons!! Is this guy (the one Spanish who's family came in 1550s) for real?
Wow, Steven you should know better than to argue with the mentally disabled! Please God don't let him become the governor of New Mexico.
People are gonna be able to cross the border with boats anyways, wouldnt they? They cant guard the wall over the entire border either, and its gonna be expensive as fuck. A waste of money if you ask me.
Lmfaooo an x ray scanner im 
The identification hes talking about is called a passport, passports have chips in them now......what a dumb fuck.
"The proper scientifical ray"
He seems jacked up on some Mountain Dew!
Eeesh...you got the bottom of the barrel on this one, Steve.
GOVERNOR OF NEW MEXICO
X ray border.......our tech aint black ops 3 cmon now
This spanish guy is dumb af
Statistically, 100% of illegal immigrants are criminals.  That's what illegal immigration is, a crime.
11:00 Can't have a gate without a wall, dumbass.
The wall wouldn't work because most illegals are from overstaying their visas
# gunsATtheBORDERnow. Border agents shoot to kill, no fence is needed. After the first few kills they wont be trying it again, I promise.
Wow I got a add for you last change my mind and it confused me at first
I won't change your mind. But I want that wall to be in my car and full of subwoofers :)
This fucking kid...omg... so can Americans waltz into Mexico and say  Im HERE, , make me a Mexican citizen now because Im on your soil.
Im Mexican but I do believe Immigrants are being treated is a un rational way. I feel like immigrants with a harsh criminal record within the last 4-7 years should be deported in the aspect of drug trafficking, shooting and crimes that have in danger other people life. I also believe that the country should be more accepting and open mind on their views of immigrants. Give them the opportunity to become citizens and also have equal rights. Anyone who doesnt obey the law shouldnt be treated the same way. Same law enforcement and anyone who doesnt obey with it shouldnt be allowed in this country. As harsh as that sounds it the truth. If you are not here to be one with the community and one help yourself and the only way your are doing it is illegal in some sort of way , why are you going to come and fuck it up for the rest of us.
The second guy, as passionate as he was, was just very naive to how the boarder works
Ive got an idea how about we build a wall around all the shit countries .
The market wants conversations and crowder delivers. #freemarket
I have to say it, that "spanish" dude is retarded.
Somehow I think this guy is an illegal himself and that might be just the reason why he wants to enforce citizenships for felons. And, yes, illegal border crossing is a serious crime that can legally end up with you getting shot.
Good luck to the future of new Mexico with this guy at the helm
Judge Rules In Favor Of Right-Winger Suing Twitter For Banning His Account

http://www.informationliberation.com/?id=58562

deanberryministry.com
That last guy was such an idiot.
Governor of New Mexico... Keep dreaming! lol
The guy in the white shirt is killing my brain cells.
White people are immigrants
Also, was the future New Mexico Governor on cocaine?? Just a wild guess...
It's illegal to come to America without documents and everyone know this yet immigrants act shock when they are caught and get separate and deported.
When you figure out your x-ray border, send us your website 
Yeah the Spain guy has his own vocabulary. Test-Ahh... Path-Ahhh. I need some Masterminded individuals-Ahh!
Go green global  lol what the hell was he smoking ? Lol so his family came from Spain ????? Funny but sad
And this is what we're up against... people so stupid it's impossible to reason with them... without a WALL we're doomed!
Illegal immigrants perpetrate 37 percent of the homicides in the US?! Where did he get that number from?
A wall won't do shit to keep them out. Waste of money. Building barriers that prevent rotation into and out of the country have historically INCREASED the number of illegals in the country. Dumb shit.
That boy has come up with the beast system. Keep an eye on him.
In each year from 2007 to 2014, more people joined the ranks of the illegal by remaining in the United States after their temporary visitor permits expired than by creeping across the Mexican border, according to a report by researchers at the Center for Migration Studies. This was posted by the New York times and with a wall costing tax payers 210 billion and 150 million a year to maintain to me just seems a bit redundant. Also a lot of people with privet farms, which their families have owned for many years, would be forced to sell their land to the government for much less than a civilian sale of which they would not wish to do in the first place, but would have no choice since the government has the right to take you land for "market value"any time they wish ... not to say the wall isn't a possible solution to a problem i just think that the cost is to great when the majority isn't entering that way. It also will not keep the drugs from coming in the cartels have more than enough money to find other ways to get it across or just dig deeper tunnels. that is my take on it .
When that Idiocracy moment happens in real life. #xraywall
Leroy was a fucking nutcase
I'll tell you why we shouldn't build the wall 1. It's a huge waste of money. It's not tall enough even the one we currently have now (in some places) isn't tall even if it was it'd be as easy as getting a bigger ladder and a regular matters to guard from barbs so for it to be effective it would literally have to be massive and the cost would be unbelievable. 2. The majority of illegal immigrants don't even come across the wall/open border they come through checkpoints but just use really admittedly intelligent and creative ways to sneak in also it's as easy as coming in through a plane and overstaying(never leaving) your papers such as a visa(that's if they can get them because the process is backed up years. Seriously though many don't even cross the border that way because it's dangerous it's mostly the very desperate with 0 cash that are getting away from something. 3. The terrain makes it very difficult the build a wall there which actually makes it impossible to build a wall in some places. Even if they did use enginuity and come up with a way it would sure as he'll be many times more expensive but it would be destroyed of natural causes in those areas. In other words nature will beat the wall. There's solid reasons without putting anything about all that immigrants could actually contribute to out economy which ik a majority of the idiots here will just shout fake news at and spit regurgitated blatant lies they heard from sources that only give them the partial news that they want hear and say anything otherwise is lies no matter how obvious or legitimate the information may be.
I mean you dont need a whole wall. But a sight line wouldnt hurt. Monitored with AI maybe to perfect the technology.  Monitor the border. Have some sections of wall.
The guy fro 5:30 is not from spain. His accent is not from spain, and he looks like a mix with native american, so hes from south america.
Is the wall to keep illegals put or us in?
Sharks... sharks with laser beam X-ray vision on the boarder.
Id have to get a few like, mastermind individuals to sit down and think this through 
Wow, good one dumbass.
We will never get to the H1b visa issue our citizens cant understand basic immigration issues
Guys make America great again with an x Ray wall
Literally the first thing that should be brought up is the reason not to build it is because it can be defeated with a ladder or shovel. The very idea that a physical wall will stop this when you can just go over it or under it or even blow a hole through it with explosives is the dumbest thing I've ever heard. If anyone says we can monitor thousands of miles accurately and efficiently allow me to also introduce you to the concept that our government has never been compitent at anything it does. Don't believe me? Go to the dmv for five minutes or watch a video of congress. Not to mention the expense of this nonsense fiasco. Plus this doesn't address the people that will come on legal visas and just stay which is much more of the problem than people hopping a wall or fence. How does everyone also forget the thousands of miles of coast we have that is also not properly monitored? For example the state of Washington has so few state troopers patrolling its costal road that there have been numerous documentaries on it. The idea that this will work in any fashion is ludicrous and foolish just like the xray wall created by this certified genius. It's just a stupid xenophobic nonsense campaign promise created to whip up the uneducated and get them to vote. We can all agree that reforms and valid ideas for immigration need to take place, however there so far have not been any valid plans put forth by any political leaders to achieve those goals yet and likely never will. Nobody is ever truly interested in solving problems, only getting in to office and grabbing money and power or to serve their 1% masters or corporate overlords that keep them in their political positions. Instead of making videos exposing idiots and uneducated fools why don't you spend some of that time to construct an actual idea that will solve the problem and propose it using your platform. Oh wait that's because it doesn't make money or push your agenda........ The problem with this country isn't just liberals or right wing people, it's all the people playing both sides and enciting these idiots to begin with. It's literally all just a giant circle jerk of uneducated neuro surgeons running around trying to be dumber than each other and validating their own beliefs and biases opposed to considering the correct answers and compromising to find a middle ground that actually solves the problems we all face together and making it work.
This guys vision of the future ten years from now is freaky
This guy is a bafoon
For anyone which likes the background music, Its "POGO - boy and bear"
I feel the wall should not be built. The money put into building the wall could be instead put directly into ICE or other ways to stop immigration. The wall being built would be very hard to build because of the harsh terrain while also being 10 million feet long. It all comes back to expense and how that money could be spent in other, more effective ways to stop illegal immigration.
The second guy does genuinely have a good idea with the open border but have a tag scanner thing, he just didn't know how to put it into words. He was meaning something like an infared scanner that penetrates a certain area and can scan a tag to know who and what is entering the country at certain times, which honestly isn't bad at all. I still support building a border though, just to have an added line of defense, because it's really easy to defeat something like an infared scanner or something else that could grab a tag.
Heres a bright idea, STOP HIRING ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS. Maybe they wont come to a country that requires legal citizens to work for them.
Goddamn. There is no critical thought coming from this guy. I lost IQ points listening to him.
Wellp! Its settled folks! We dont need a big ol mean lookin concrete wall! No! That would be a waste of money! But what we need to do is tag every immigrant with a chip like an animal and build a massive technologically advanced scanner-fence to keep count on how many tagged immigrants come over!
Problem is, it STILL doesnt keep track of ILLEGALS, who are not documented. Nor does it stop anyone from bringing any drugs or weapons across the border. Furthermore, no citizen of either country should be able to just waltz on over the border just because you have citizenship. Duel or otherwise. If I want to go to Mexico, I still have to go through a port of entry and present my passport card. I cant simply cross over in the middle of the Sonoran Desert.
I feel less smart after listening to this guy with low camera battery
11:07 or maybe like... we could like, just build a really long moatAH get some space lasersAH like... and then some sharks and maybe like attach the lasersAH to the sharks frikin heads ya know?
Deport them both plz
If youre worried about taxes not being paid first make sure every citizen is paying them I know too many citizens that dont be paying taxes while my mother a resident is paying . If becoming a citizen was easier everyone would fucking do it
Steven Crowder is retard, change my mind. 

 I'll use his lying about how that guy punched him for no reason as my first rebuttal.
What is that guy smoking lol
Cheetos are just weird doritos: Change my mind
just like a Democrat to want to tax and track a person based on their race.
You dont need a physical wall dude just some like some X-ray Sensory beams projected to and from space. Duh
I'd feel a lot better knowing my tax dollars were going towards building a wall rather than towards illegals here mooching off of our economy.
Build walls? We gon prolly dig holes
Most of peoples excuses against the wall that Ive heard are what about the honest hard working people that want to come here and then I ask if they are honest and hard working then why dont they just come legally? And they usually reply with something like the process takes to long etc etc and I understand that so wouldnt a good solution to this problem be to speed up the immigration process? Get the honest and hard working people here legally and conveniently so there is no excuse to come illegally. I feel like that and a wall would be effective to not hurting the honest people but keeping out the bad ones. And dont ask me well how could we make the process easier and faster blah blah blah because I personally dont know the full process and dont have a full solution to the proposal. Its just a thought.
Steven Crowders legs look like cheese sticks . Chang my mind
These were the dumbest people to ever participate
Shrek Royale will now have battle royale
How's this dud saying his
Been here since the
1500's but his English
 Sounds like SHIT.

   Chicanos for Trump.
The second guy is an idiot
Not gonna lie, a fucking X-Ray Border would be badass--shame about the cost
Tbh I wouldve loved if all countries around the world open their boarders and free their citizens. A citizen of the world should be able to reside any where in the world without having to applying for an application first. And also it would be great distribute natural resources to all those in need , and we may never be at wars again. Be one big family and live the life of dream
F**** meth head Latina want to be reporter
"Yeah, we, uh... we tax them..."

How the hell do you tax an illegal/undocumented immigrant?
Like... nigga... how does one have the brain cells to say x-ray wall Im lost... and Ive yet to find myself.
You know what would be a good topic for the change my mind segment... everyone is a hypocrite!
Im dating a half puertorican half Mexican guy whos mom is from Mexico but is legal through marriage to his puertorican dad. I was really surprised that both of them feel the same way as this Mexican American lady. They are against the illegal Mexicans here and want them to be deported because they know how they are. I think most legal Mexicans who really want to be a part of this country feel this way which to me speaks volumes.
That poor lady's life is at risk shouldn't put her on camera asshole
My head hurts listening to this guy
The fact that you blurred out her face but not her ID card is some of the best top-tier trolling I've seen all week
7:55 

Uh yeah, this is San Diego's policy (Liberal California in General). Turns out letting in a bunch of illegals creates higher crime, poverty, welfare recipients and lowered real estate value. 


And why do we only talk about latinos? Europeans till this day use South American International Airports as hubs to the U.S. Flying into Caracas and tgen crossing the border. Not just latinos or Hispanics, the "Refugees" from Syria are doing this at an exaggerated rate too, thanks to ISIS.
AUSTIN IS THE CITY THAT WILL TAKE TEXAS DOWN. IT'S CANCER HAS SPREAD LIKE MAD.
Im Hispanic and the brown guy made no sense at all lmao I was just confused the whole time he was talking  Build The Wall !
An X-ray border that would vastly more expensive than a regular border.
God help New Mexico if this guy becomes Governor!! SMH
that guy in the white shirt was streaming online
That dude was high as fuck
Drug war is scam and a way the government can use to harass people cause people should be able to consume whatever like into their body as it is their body and the immigration problem is simple dont build a wall because were doing fine with immigration in my opinion simply kick out the ones coming into the states breaking laws and let the ones comming to aspire to make a living stay
I can't fucking believe how dumb Americans really are.  It's clear that this person attended public school until 6th grade!  If you break the law you should be prosecuted!  What's so fucking hard about that?
Has your mind ever been changed? In these videos obviously
We want legal immigrants, not illegal criminals.
Cocaine is a hell of a drug
I dont know why Im deciding to comment because Lowkey I kno my opinion doesnt matter but fuck it Im against the wall because its against what America is about, to hear things from the president like certain countries are shit wholes and wonder why there people are coming to America breaks my heart mind and soul, the statue given to America by the French doesnt say give us ur best well feed satisfied people it saids give us ur poor give us ur hungry give us ur desperate that millions of immigrants that settled saw and gave hope to and the only test they had to pass was a health and basic knowledge test if they build that wall they better take that statue down and make sure they build 2 of them walls because last I checked this bitch has 2 borders and I kno quite a few illegal Canadians but aint nobody out here questioning there citizenship
The wall isnt being built to keep Mexicans out.  Its being built to keep the dumbed down Americans in the dystopic Masonic satanic matrix
You need to blur the ladys name tag & change her voice, her life could be in danger from these people
5:34 It depends, Trump didn't mention the proportion but still https://www.realclearpolitics.com/video/2015/06/16/trump_mexico_not_sending_us_their_best_criminals_drug_dealers_and_rapists_are_crossing_border.html
I am not American but i support the wall.
I wish someone who had a bit of knowledge on this would come talk to him, it's really not hard to explain why the wall is a horrible idea. I should go find him and talk some sense into him.
Holy fuck that kid is killing me.
Build the Wall is no problem how about Pay for the Wall
I feel bad for the poor lady. She must be terrified living in her own community.
Lol that last guy was onto something, you could build a long line of check points n shit, and have people register and get photos taken, so that they can be citizens,  also have it protected . But a wall is dumb if it has none of that. If its just a big ass wall, with some dumb ass guards in shit who would eventually be bribable, or able to be avoided, then a simple wall sounds more like a retards wetdream. Building a usless wallwould take to much time, and money, if its just a wall on its own; rather than a checkpoint wall, or a citizenship wall.
I might be wrong but surely there must be a cheaper and a better way to control iligal immigration than building a wall.
"They will break the law anyway so no reason to enforce is" idiot
900k views in 1 day, outstanding gentlemen.
You can see everything on her id she is wearing around her neck and i mean everything
The ladys so confused :( its sad....
That's about how I thought it'd go. Not surprised.
im latino n man my people don't know shit lol smdh lol
Ochoa is the only wall we need
Ok so I scrolled through about 100 comments and didn't see a post about this so  here it is. 

4:24 "we might find some areas where we disagree vs areas where we disagree" lose lose situation?
Dude this Spanish guy is tripping balls
Well.... there is already a fence sooo... just make it a little higher and better steel? Would be cheaper, no?
This Spanish dude is the typical ignorant, uneducated fucking idiot who shouldnt ever speak. What a ridiculous fool. Another voice of the left/liberal/ democrat ignorance. What an absolute tool.
Someone should have asked what would happen if the entire country of India wanted to immigrate....   since you know we should allow eceryo e a chance
Dudes gonna have a doctors note as his passport through the X-ray force field
100% of illegal immigrants have committed a crime. Its in the name, ILLEGAL immigrant.
Fuck trump and his wall, X-RAY borders and written explanations of why youre passing the x-ray checkpoints. This is clearly how Hillary got so far, this dumb son of a bitch lol.
After seeing this I want to build a wall and add snipers.....
I am for building the wall. She is right though, theyll get in somehow by making tunnels
The biggest way to solve this is to make immigration to the United States a lot easier. PERIOD
What was that guy on???
Body Positivity is cancer.
--------------------------------------------
    CHANGE MY MIND
There are plenty of legal citizens who dont pay appropriate taxes what about them? Should we deport them? I hear they arent contributing to our economy they live off our government, what about people in tip based professions who dont claim their cash tips on taxes isnt that the same same thing?
Damn bro, why you gotta use the worst examples 
WAIT WAIT WAIT. he said that 3.5 of the population is illegal immigrants by the commit over 30 percent of murders? Then why is everyone looking at latinos everytime they bring up illegal immigration? Because 49.8 % of homicides are blacks and 48.2 % are white the rest is other. So does that mean that most illegal immigrants are black or white? Cause all I hear when Illegal immigration comes up is people talking about latinos. Its either that or Crowders statistics are bullshit. If you can explain this let me know. I literally just got these statistics from fbi.gov so Im pretty sure its a reliable source.
petty political sublimation served to you fresh from his cuckold dumpster hah
6 million, change my mind
I am neither conservative or liberal. I am a man of facts. Why listen to me explain why we shouldn't when Adam could? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K_P9PR5ckFk
We all just some beans. Change my mined
how could anybody be that stupid-uh ?
This guy makes me feel like I have autism Jesus Christ X-ray gates
this guy needs to change the title of these 'change my mind' segments, because there is never a chance he will show, or not edit the  clips insomuch as he will also never actual 'change his mind'.
 Hes a prick
I love you Steven but those shorts and shoes make you look a liiiiitle douchey
Did you let that guy in?  LIKE wtf.  This guy proves why you need proper immigration!
He's against a wall but wants to have an "X RAY GATE THAT MONITORS PEOPLE DIGITALLY WHO COMES IN AND OUT"
blurs the womens face but not her ID tag with a photo of her and her details....
So...no borders but x-ray borders with notes? Right then :)))
That guy made us hispanics look so bad bro! LMAO That guy is fucking dumb, he literally made me loose brain cells and made my head hurt. Bruh c'mon Steven, you have to remake this topic and talk to people who are some what smart. Dude legit said he plans on being the governor of new mexico. Talking about x ray. LMAOO
This is painful
I hate people with opinions based on cognitive dissonance
Your comments about immigrants committing a disproportionate amount of crime are complete falsehoods. The opposite is true. Immigrants commit less crime then native citizens. It's your perception that is being skewed because your a racist fuck.


https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Immigration_and_crime
Audio
What i really don't understand is why dont Mexican just stay in their own country. Why do they even want to migrate to USA illegally. Enlighten me. BTW, i am from the eastern part of the globe
This guy is a fucking idiot
Im sorry but leroy just sounds plain dumb...its hard to hear him talk
I would like to know what a wall could do instead of traditional border control like its done in other countrys. The American border control is shit and cant live up to western world standards. Building a wall wont solve the problem since most drugs and illegal immigrants come in by plane and ship. But yeah build a wall and waste tax payer money.
10:30 this guy talks all fast talking about a X-ray scanner and a group of masterminds class-A tweaker bro
Honestly so annoyed that he didnt bring up how much a walk would cost and how we would get that money especially since the us government is in massive debt. Also why didnt he mention that is there was a wall people will always find a way to get across
Oh jesus, oh dios mio, this guy was just....he's a shambles. Ma Boy Steve was so restrained talking to this guy, I respect that. I really do.
HOME OF THE FREE not free if you have to have certain qualifications to enter. Also its a pretty big knowing that immigrants bust their asses a lot harder than Americans I think they should be allowed in but must have a background check yes its said the be a free country but it has to be safe and you cant say that Mexico drug trafficking will stop if a wall is built drugs are everywhere and there is no way of escaping them and stopping thwm
There is no country without a border
Done with the "change my mind" segment because of the episode where Yusef(a kid who actually knew his stuff, clearly took an interest in politics, and was good at verbalizing his thoughts) came up to talk, and Steven used every cheesy gimmick to get out of actually debating him. Crowder's credibility and integrity dropped to 0 that day. Unsubbed+disliked+ blocked channel.
That guy was complicating bar code tattoo id's
Its amazing I got an ad by crtv of your video of two genders
One side wants to take all your guns and the other side wants to build a wall.  Once both sides get their way we will be in a very large prison.  Walls aren't just to keep people out.  Walls are also to keep people in.
Lol hector was woke af
It's like he was describing the Book of Revelation but with some illogical tangents, like an x ray machine that spans the entire border.
x ray border ey
"I don't want a wall . I want a laser scanner that spans the lenght of the boarder and when you pass through ,  a computer levitates down out of the sky and you write why and where you are going (with nothing stopping you from lying) . And if you don't do what you say you are you will have to pay more when you go to the store and by a pack of skittles" This is my understanding what he said , leave a criminal come into the country and if he/she breaks the law you tax them
70% OF ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS FROM MEXICO CAME HERE ON AIRPLANES.     HOWS THAT CROWDER?  CHANGE YOUR MIND ABOUT THE DUMB FUCKING WALL?
Screw the wall,  let's all support the "scientifical x-ray border"
When you do these change my mind videos are the viewpoints you have in the video your real viewpoints? Not that theres anything wrong with your viewpoint its just that it seems like your viewpoint is always opposite to most peoples
Why would u ask him to email you? You already know hes not gonna say anything useful and just want to humiliate him some more, made obvious by ur look at the end that says, wow, what an idiot.
How weird would it be to be in a relationship with you? I feel like you would need to be right all the time. 
Her: Babe its in my butt 
Him: no it's not! Prove it
i dont think you should have made those huge subtitiles or in included rhe part with the girl trying to report people for her safety
I'm against illegal immigration, however, a wall would be ineffective and therefore, a bad idea, especially considering the +25 billion dollars to simply build it and more for maintaining it. It's because most illegal immigrants come legally but overstay their visas. http://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2015/sep/08/jorge-ramos/ramos-40-undocumented-immigrants-come-air/
The Mexican dude is on drugs.
God the second person killed some of my brain cells.
I live in Toronto, Canada.  Just wondering if you guys would be willing to trade Justin Trudeau for Donald Trump? ".............please?
A literal wall sounds like the idea a young child would suggest. Stupid idea. A technological wall, lets be smart here.
Wtf r these weird Mexicans talking about? Lol
ALMOST A MILLION VIEWS IN JUST A FEW HOURS.
HOW MUCH DO YALL WANNA BET THAT YOUTUBE
 WILL NEVER PUT THIS ON THE YOUTUBE TRENDING PAGE
That lady sounds insane
This boi say use  an X ray scanner 
People may "win an argument" but that doesn't mean they're not wrong...no matter how persuasive or influential they may sound!  BUILD THAT WALL!  is what's right!  #TRUMP2020 and beyond!
Im not exactly sure how much the cost of illegal immigration is to the country per year,  but Im guessing that with illegal crossings being substantially reduced once the wall goes up,  wouldnt that sort of negate the high cost of the wall when considering the money it saves the country in the long run?  I assume that if its as effective as they expect it to be, then eventually it will just fully pay for itself.  I dont know.....I could be wrong.   Im down for building it though.  Nobody thought he would actually build it.  Donald Trump is awesome and at least he doesnt talk shit.
Morally wrong. That's all it is.
I dont usually agree with Crowder, but I always watch respectfully as these discussions are very insightful
Just like you won't let anybody into your house because of structural Integrity, respect, safety, among other things. So why would you let just anybody come into your country where your home is protected? Division is it always a bad thing and sharing is not always a good thing.
Its a waste of our money ..period
that dude is dumber than a ran over turd!!
The guy in the white shirt has ingested some of those illegal drugs he was talking about.. My god what a moron 
Fast-a
Immigrants-a
Wall-a
Dumbass idiot in the white shirt
its simple DO NOT CROSSED THE BOARDER ILLEGALLY PROBLEM SOLVED.
Me changing your mind. I dont think the wall is cost effective. I feel we need a better immigration reform. Like when Europeans went to New York. Give legal statues who are a productive citizen to society. Those who commit crimes should serve time in American prison. Like who abuse the system like welfare, tax evasion, money laundering and stuff like that. 

Give me your tired, your poor,
Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, The wretched refuse of your teeming shore. Send these, the homeless, tempest-tossed to me, I lift my lamp beside the golden door!
Alright people, opinion ahead:




I believe that immigrants should be given one opportunity. They want to be better (well most anyway) and want to help people back in their own country. I understand it is illegal, but America is the "land of the free and the land of hope where dreams come true", or so we've been told.

"They are stealing our jobs" I guess. But most of them get the jobs that other people don't want, working at minimum wage in terrible work conditions. Being employees for horrible bosses who take advantage of them.

Of course a lot of them are fucking assholes who give immigrants in general a bad name. Those fucks don't deserve to be given any opportunities.
I'm not trying to be racist I live and hang out with a lot of Spanish people but not having a wall or border to filter out certain aspects will basically just make our country just like their country and eventually will become Lawless. From a democratic republic to a democracy, to an anarchy!
Nope, not getting out of this chair.
Change My Mind.
So when are we getting the funds from Mexico again? Never you say OK that's what I thought
Wtf was that guy even saying. "Something something x-ray border gate scanners and other scientifical stuff, yeah."
I commend you on being on able to stay calm and listen to the stupid things people say. Easier when they arent rude people like this guy though.
dude...  Leeroy is from the future!
I'm no fan of illegals, but i tried to look up some of Steven's stats and they, as usual, seem false. 3% of people here are illegals but commit what percent of murders? look it up.
For once I wish a video was staged, please tell me this is
If you gave citizenships to immigrants (that dont have a criminal record or are doing illegal things) you would save the money for the wall, they would be GLAD to be American citizens because they would be granted rights, pay taxes, greatly reduce incentives for going in illegally.A few in the group resort to crime because you are giving them legal invisibility which can easily be abused. I dont think you can possibly stop the problems with a stupid wall, they will build tunnels under it, throw the drug over it, you name it, its a complete waste and it send an awful racist message to the world. You dont have to live all paranoid about immigrants because a small percentage of them behave poorly. Overall they add more than what they take from you so, it would be nice to see some gratefulness from Americans back to those hard working immigrants that have helped a lot to make America what it is today. And always remember stats are often times awful oversimplifications. They commit crime in a disproportionated way, you know what they also do in disproportionated way? Hard work and if you ask me, i think thats the real reason you have trouble with them, because they compete with you in the labour market so you need the gangsters of government protecting you from the laws of offer and demand.
Damn that First Lady made me so confused 
And this idiot whants to be a governor in Mexico?
Really...??
Make a longer video about this please!
I think the first guy made a really good point make money off of them instead of spending money deporting them
How hard is it to be respectful of other peoples opinion? Like holy shit
WARNING!! ANGRY LIBERALS DOWN BELOW
That second person literally said he would be down to execute the mark of the beast lol
Oh God Steven, why? As a fellow Mexican, I cant fucking stand this spic
Well shit, reading through the comments, it looks like I'm the only one that feels really fucking ripped off by the fact that I changed my mind video was only 10 minutes long. When I saw that this was uploaded I was so excited for the next installment to change my mind. I was really bummed to find out this wasn't the next installment at all, just a 10 minute teaser video that never got into the debt to other change my mind installments inevitably end up delving into. Felt like a really wasted opportunity, I mean what you had on in the 10 minutes was worth watching but, when you tend to do an hour-long show for the segments for everyone so far, and then you get to this one, the topic matter being kind of a big deal these days, especially to America First Advocates like myself, I kind of expect it to match up with the other segments. It doesn't matter how good the 10 minutes is, there's just not enough content there to say it's another actual installment to the series. I mean... seriously? 10 minutes is all you could get? You couldn't find anybody, like maybe put it off for another week and invite somebody to actually have a conversation like all the other Change My Mind videos feature? I mean I know that you prefer the organic approach of just letting whoever sit down, but if you couldn't get anybody to do that aside from the people walking by and yelling obscenities, you probably could have made an exception and invited somebody to actually try and change your mind on the subject. That would have been a lot more worth watching. That said if anybody on the staff of the louder with Crowder show reads this, I love your show generally speaking, like this upload to, I feel like I should mention that since I don't comment very often to say how much I like the videos as you go, it tends to pipe up when I have criticisms, so it might seem a little lopsided from a so-called fan when all you ever see from them is a comment like this, but yeah, I am actually a fan so, try not to take it the wrong way. You know 10 minutes for a series where every other video has been about an hour, sometimes more, is kind of weak sauce.
Can we build a wall around Africa?
How do I report those people? I died 
We don't need a wall. Get rid of 100% of social programs and minimum wage laws and implement capitalism to its full extent and you'll solve literally 100% of the problem.
Mexicans are some of the nicest, most hardworking people Ive met. I really do feel sorry for all the people that want a better life but I do believe they should do it legally.
How about my little tiny suggestion? Known criminals in Mexico, that have been previously arrested, must wear an explosive collar. Cross over the wall and KABOOM! :D Make the border coyotes on the USA side happy (yum yum!!) and keep the paperwork to a minimum. Everyone wins!
How many of you searched "Go Green Global" channel? jhahahahah
lol that dude's plan sounds like he wants to microchip every human being and have their coordinates ping'd to the government 24/7 like some type of dystopian novel. I hate these open society liberals.
This guy might be on to something... lol atleast he admitted it needs to be ironed out before it's a completed thought!
The solution is clear. Legalize and tax recreational drugs. Then the majority of illegal immigrants will not be a threat to society, because the root cause of the violence referred to in those statistics is drug related crime. Once this is the case, they will be far more willing to subscribe to the US government system, to obtain potential citizen related benefits. The war on drugs is the root of all evil (aside from money, I suppose). This is all pending that the powers that be only have a problem with violence and care about inclusion, and they don't have a problem  with cultural changes or population limits or something to that effect. One can't assume the motives behind this sort of thing.
Legalizing marijuana would help so much. I don't say it for stoners, but for a hit towards drug wars
I keep waiting to hear intelligence from the left.  Nothing yet. Lol... My Dad used to call them "Numb-skulls" in his day.  He was literally correct.
Dude....
This guy literally sounds like he doesnt know that legal immigration is already a thing
Its funny maybe if some of the stuff that guy said was reworded and not said by someone high af, the stuff he said is low key genius.
Water is wet, change my mind
I wish you would debate someone with an IQ higher than 90. The first woman was clearly suffering from mental illness and the second guy was scattered and uninformed. Come on Crowder! Take on someone your own intellectual size! X-Ray boarder  my goodness.
@10:40 dudes talking about putting chips in people.
I'm all for controlled immigration and agree with most things on this channel but I reckon a wall wouldn't be cost effective. But I don't live in America so go your hardest! :)
I think the reason this guy keeps bringing up drugs is because hes high
why do i feel like this guy actually has a chance of becoming governor of New Mexico smh 
What did China do... They built a wall... It didn't keep anyone out... They made ladders... Where is the wall now?... Half destroyed.
Dude ... face palm 

To be honest  I actually get concerned watching these clips sometimes... no wonder unemployment is low - tell me a job that you could trust that guy to do? 
He would have a free thought and just not turn up.

Your face at the end said it all...
Incoherent. I almost feel guilty for your two sitters. The drive-byers are just smart enough to know they would get crushed in an actual debate.
"Scientifical" did he really just say that? Lmao ok and he thinks he's gonna be governer of New Mexico, boy find a new dream. It's just not happening mate. X-Ray border... Ok sure. Lol
Waste of money... There are planes and holes
What did Hitler do... He builds a wall... What happened to the wall... It was destroyed few years later. So are we going to learn from history or are we going to keep repeating it.
Ok Crowder your good but ever since the talk of the wall I have thought about its called a work Visa my family used it to come to the U.S the contractor would pay for the visa for the worker I would like to talk about it with you
Do a trump is a great president. Change my mind
6:36 - ". . . they commit thirty seven percent of the homicides."

So you heard it from this guy, according to him: Illegal immigrants account for 37% of homicides in the US.

If you are going to throw statistics out there, you should have actual sources to back them up. And I have yet to find any sources anywhere that agree with these statistics that 3.5% of the population accounts for 37% of homicides. Normally, honest people will provide valid sources in their description that back their claims. And yet there isn't a single source link anywhere on the page.

 In 2016 Latinos (illegal or mot) made up 14% of all arrests for murder and nonnegligent manslaughter.

https://ucr.fbi.gov/crime-in-the-u.s/2016/crime-in-the-u.s.-2016/topic-pages/tables/table-21

In 2015 they made up 16% of the arrests.

https://ucr.fbi.gov/crime-in-the-u.s/2013/crime-in-the-u.s.-2013/tables/table-43

In 2014 15.8%

https://ucr.fbi.gov/crime-in-the-u.s/2014/crime-in-the-u.s.-2014/tables/table-43

Considering that the overwhelming majority of illegal immigrants are Latino, and that Latinos account for roughly 16% of annual murders, I find it pretty hard to believe that illegal immigrants are somehow accountable for 37% of all murders. Especially considering that every statistic I have seen thus far completely disagrees with such nonsense.

And for all of you saying I'm wrong, I would ask that you actually provide sources like I did rather than making red herrings, or factless statements.
Do White privilege is a myth.
Lmao saw an ad of Steven Crowder before this video.
"I'm not Mexican, I'm Spanish"
Lol the dude is saying he supports illegal immigration but if they are documented, assimilate. . .lol you mean like coming here legally, with documentation?
I wouldn't piss on Crowder if he were on fire.
This guy is foony
I'm incredibly benign about the wall.  We should be able to enforce border security more effectively.  The problem I do have with it though is that its a significant piece of infrastructure, and the US already has a grade of D+.  We shouldn't be investing in any new infrastructure until we've rebuilt (or at least reinforced) what already exists.
How can they argue when they haven't been told what to say...
Steven Crowder I am a big fan of yours. This video is a bit upsetting because I wanted to get a more in depth understanding as to why it's actually a good idea to build the wall. I wanted to hear the real arguments around why we shouldn't build the wall like the tremendous cost, wether or not it would be effective, how it would be difficult to build because of geography, whether it would be worth it. These conversations weren't very smart. You're good at communicating the facts in an effective way so I wanted to see if this video could enlighten me on the issues but that wasn't the case. Put another one of these up with some smart people please.
This isn't real. There is no way this guy is serious. If I lived in New Mexico, I'd vote for him for Governor.
Ummm if they arent a citizens they dont get taxed because they are not on record. Is my understanding of this correct?
X-ray boarder
For a guy who knows history
As soon as he said he wants to be the Governer of new Mexico I fucking died
So he doesnt want to stop them from coming illegally but he wants to track their movement with a tag once theyre here
The guy looks Native American and he says hes Spanish, what a fucking moron. Im Mexican and Im blonde with green eyes and I dont say Im Spanish.
Wtf....the guy should of said........... "Cut the skull open and put a GPS Unit in everyone."
The proper scientifical term for these poor people would be 'idiot'.
Crowder really just makes up stats lol 3.5% of the country committing 37% of homicides??? Highest number I could find was 2015 Fox News  report at 12% in 2015...
Dude said "scientifical" nuff said
This guy is a genius "build an ex ray border"... 
From Spain my ass!! A lot of Mexicans are so ashamed of being Mexican. That ese is from Mexico 
Not taking any side at the moment as I am not close to properly informed. That said, when looking up his claim about illegals causing 38% of homicides I found where he got that info, but he leaves out a bit by not mentioning thats not a national percentage (unless I misheard which I dont think I did)). Anyway,
Here is the info he is referring to.

Between 2008 and 2014, illegal immigrants accounted for 38 percent of all murder convictions in California, Texas, Arizona, Florida and New York despite accounting for just 5.6 percent of the total population in those states, according to a report compiled by the Government Accountability Office (GAO).
Should we just redirect him to Adam Ruins the Wall?
What happened to this guy at the end?his solution seems so funny 
2nd interview was retarded open borders moron.
They way that guy ends so many words with an E is just hilarious when coupled with his ridiculously bad arguments...
This guy trying to live in the year 2898  #fail
Poor bastards on both sides think there's a solution to all of this.
I sympathise with the first lady, confused as fuck about what the guy was trying to say. No borders? X-Ray boarder? Master minded individuals to talk about it? What??
Scientifical lolol
Vote for Spanish politician Leroy for governor of the city of New Mexico
It is an outrage that the president was forced to abandon his zero tolerance policy and of course the wall should be built, at once!!!. I would love to say that it was because of people with the same mentality as the gentleman interviewed here, but no, it was the result of outrageous hysterics form people who should know better. Even assuming that the children that were separated from the adults that brought them were actually related to those adults, which is unknown, the allegations regarding the care of the children are outrageous. The children had a bed--no doubt a first for many- as well as good and consistent food to eat---how many of them went to bed hungry more often than not prior to their arrival in the camps? In addition, they got free new clothes and proper health care---how many of them had, no doubt, never seen a doctor or even a nurse in their lives? To suggest that the treatment  of these children is in any way reminiscent of Nazi Germany is a blood libel against the president, and the American people whose hard earned tax dollars payed for the proper care of these children whom they did not invite into the country.
This guy wants to tax illegal immigrants and has had family in New Mexico since "around the 1550's" lel
Im not mexican im from spain bro this is the kind of mexicans i fucking hate , he has the fucking nopal en la cara and says he from spain because he searcher online where the last name sanchez came from and he saw it came from the spains when they came here
but how do you have an X-ray border without a border LOL.....
If they want citizenship then let them join the military and fucking earn it
So... What's the next step when the wall doesn't do anything to stop anyone?
now taxpayers are out a lot of money, and the problem hasn't stopped.
What's the next thing? If you're going to build a wall, you have to have a plan b for when that fails.
I think these people forget that when the wall is built there will be border patrol there to stop them from walking up a ladder! Haha
When it is the next wall interview, i want to participate
What that lunatic in white t-shir9talking about? That guy fully out of touch-seems he is high.
Their is No such thing as Mexican American
Trending in Canada!
There are already walls and fences. The only places there are no barricades of any kind are in remote areas. How many  people saying build the wall or not build the wall have actually seen the border at major crossing points.
Hes not interviewing their best.
These people are always so ignorant
s c i e n t i f i c a l x-ray border
Numbers don't lie, you pop off the charts when making these videos. Please make more often
I identify myself as a attack helicopter. Change my mind.
TOPIC IDEA: Can you do a change my mind on synthetic biology? Things like modifying crops, animals, "designer babies", generating tissues/organs and arguing things like "are we playing god?", "is it natural?", "does it do more harm than good?", "is gene editing in babies a form of discrimnation?"
The idea this guy has sounds more in humane than what's being propsed lmao he's going to give the wrong elite white male a crazy idea lol
Im in 2018 and this guy is in 3018
if you think they should build the wall yall should go to the boarder and check out the two walls they all ready have built, all the boarder patrol officers that treat you like shit. sit in the line for a few hours then have to go to second inspection because you brought your trailer and wait for 5 hours at the boarder.Fun and im sure it will be 10x worse if they do build "the wall".
Im really stuck between building the wall and not building it. My step father was an illegal immigrant since he was 18. Hes 53 now and a few months ago, he became legal. He practiced for 2 months, translating the English questions to Spanish so he could understand, went in and passed it. By the end of it, he knew more about America and American history than me and my siblings, and we were born US citizens. I definitely think people should come here legally, I just wish it wasnt such a long process for other people.
Not Gay Jarod looks like cheap security :)
Wrong fucking video bud. Lost a huge supporting crowd
Just tax em
That man claiming to be Spanish is Mexican af. Not even he would believe his own lie.
StevenCrowder blur out the ladies ID too
That guy is on meth for sure
I plan on being governor of New Mexico. This guy is a different class of stupid, an X-ray border?
That dude seemed native or something. He seems like a nice guy but weird as hell.
A group of masterminds... and ... xray scanners..
Lol Crowder's face at the end 
...this was fucking stupid.
The statistics show that 103% of the violent crimes in the US are committed by illegal Alaskan immigrants.
This was a waste of time. You have to visit Universities where people are more educated on this topic, not the gutter of random fan boys. I swear, I completely got lost for 13mins.
XXXTENTACION is NOT dead: Change My Mind
It was my birthday when this was posted lol
Im not Mexican Im from New Mexico  ROFL
This gave me aids
Steven would gain a lot more credibility if they linked to the stats he cites. It wouldn't be that hard.
comocedice dumbass
Too cringe to listen to
I think people hate the wall because 1) Trump, 2) just bcuz.. I believe the benefits of the wall far outweighs the negatives. South Americans who are trying to escape gang violence and their constant persecution by migrating to the US can actually be better regulated and controlled if there was a wall. Give them tax ID's and simple labor jobs to build up from there. Better than LA becoming a freaking war zone, like now i.e.
5 to 10 Years just watch man
Lmao this dude who sat down is a fucking retard.
I hate when people as ignorant as that guy act relevant. Please get informed dude.
Dont build a wall? instead track everyone....thats disturbing. Big brother rises
These are the most stupid suggestions for border security and enforcement ever x-rays what a tarred
The hell, Leroy.
The man in the white shirt is obviously not Spanish, he's just trying to hide very stupidly that he's Mexican
Look. I am all about enforcing LEGAL immigration. But the time and money it takes to immigrate legally means that overstaying work visas is way easier. And then what. A wall isn't gonna stop overstaying work or student visas. And also isn't going to stop immigrants in the U.S. legally teaching others how to get in.  But relaxing legal immigration laws might mean that people gravitate toward doing it legally and stop them from hiring coyotes or smuggling drugs to get here because it is a better option. Why can't anyone else see that. I lean left from a conservative standpoint and honestly if we spend more money stopping immigration than from allowing it, it doesn't make cents....
this fucking guy, "im not mexican" but he talks, moves and acts like a cholo paisa hybrid. NO MAMES WEY
this is the problem with younger people today data can be cheated easily and the bigger problem is language is and rules of law people just walk on in and make a home and say f u and do what they want and 5 to 10 years this guy has no idea of time.
Ive heard many immigrants just come here by plane using a Visa and than overstay their visa and under the radar. If this is true, a huge wall would be pointless if everyone comes in by plane. Again this is just something I heard. StevenCrowder what are your thoughts?
The wall is going to be built...and not a damn person is going to do anything about it. Comment. I dare you.
Whats sad is these people that sit down to talk think theyre highly intelligent and aware people. But the guy who sat down has no clue whats coming out of his own mouth. I had to stop watching because it gets very frustrating
This.....guy....... poor steven.
Even if we were able to give citizenship and require taxes on all incoming immigrates. The majority (50-55%) would still be on food stamps and get their tax breaks back at the end of the tax season. Pointless.
We can't afford it.
I lost brain cells

Also we already have a border. Why spend our taxes there when we can spend it on education or something to help our economy
No walls.  Build a land mine field.  Just like the one that separates North and South Korea and seen in action in the James Bond Movie, GoldenEye, which was on the other day.
"They need to have some sort of electronic identification- some sort of passport"-guest "how would they check that without control over borders with a wall"-host " I dunno advidkendhxhdkebdkqpe" 
do one on population growth and what will happen when the world becomes overpopulated
Lol 100% of illegals are criminals
Printing pretty hard there Steven!
10:57 "Scientifical"
Fuckin' A, man....
Hey Steven give me the facts and I will do the field work for the right price. I would really like the field work for change my mind.
Omg this guy 
Building the wall is an incredible waste of tax payer money when ending the drug war would solve most of the problems on the southern boarder. 

Legalize everything then tax according to how addictive the drug is and use that money to fund rehab centers and we won't need a stupid wall.
Crowder getting a bit arrogant now and seems to be leaning towards making people looking stupid instead of the intended purpose
@stevencrowder I know you may not see this but blur her badge asap.
Where's Regan's immigration reforms when we need them.
He aint gonna be the governor or shit
This guy in the white shirt is stupid
So maybe take over Mexico before we run out of room. Just make Mexico a part of America???
this guy wants us to live in a 1984 society so we dont have to build a wall lol.  this guy is as high as girafee pussy
I'm sure the leftist cunts will say she is just suffering from internal racism or some stupid bullshit. It's just easier to blame the victim than to admit they were wrong.
God Damn people are dumb. Leroy , the future governor of New Mexico is something else.
Leroy is on angel dust or something
this dude doesnt get it.  people from poor places competing with people that live here where it isnt dirt cheap and we dont wipe our asses with our hands here.
Poor Leroy... Walked right into the lions den and made a total ass of himself just to plug Go Green. I can only aspire to that sort of dedication.
Yes
When you're dead you don't know you're dead, it's only difficult for others. 

It's the same when you're stupid.
go to UIC please one of the MOST diverse campuses and I believe you will have some fun responses!!! big fan
The wall is a tough subject. Im a permanent resident here, and I believe that illegal and undocumented immigration should be slowed down. Yet I do wish for a big flow of work visas given for immigrants for all countries bordering our country. The wall will do nothing. Theres a huge percentage of the crossing that goes on underground. Not through borders. Until people see how countries are where illegal immigrants are coming from. Until privileged people ( Not saying youre privileged Crowder) see what its like to be in fear for your life where either you go into selling drugs or being a slave for cartels or else you die, they will be forever opposing people coming here illegally. Perhaps if the US helped in a minor way to clean up those counties, the poor people who cant afford work visas or cant prove that they own property, will keep on coming to safety. El Salvador, Cuba, Puerto Rico, Mexico, and even South American countries all immigrate to the land of opportunity to survive. And I believe we can find a legal way to get them help. Through work visas or even implementing a program where companies go to those countries providing then with jobs. Yet the US gain a percent of the income gained from them. Idk a legal alternative to ending the suffering and forcing of them fleeing to safety here in the US.
The guy in the white shirt is on Fukn meth
can you invite more educated people onto your show to debate with? these people are clueless
This guy added an a to the end of a lot of words
OMG tipical libtard bs. Come on Steven
6:46 Not Gay Jared standing there looking like a chad
Why build a wall when most illegal come by plane And over stay their visa and why build a wall for mexico only when we have plenty of people who come from all different coumtries
Let's not build a wall let's just all get chipped and build an Xray reader across the borders....Duhhh
I think that building a physical wall is pointless. I believe that stricter border security would be a great Idea... hell look in the comments I'm sure many of these wall supporters could help patrol this new wall. The fact is that many illegal immigrants come into the country legally and just overstay their welcome.
Leroy is dumb as hell.
This guys ignorant af im mexican and this dude is just blabbing random shit
And THAT guy has his own show!? On what exactly? Incoherent babbling, stammering nonsense and how to speak it!? These are fun segments for the most part but seriously, did you just pick the most ignorant individual to waste screen time on or did NO ONE else sit down with a single compelling thought!? Christ fuck this was painful!
What the fuck is this Superman? X-ray borders 
That guys idea was so terrible. Do you know how much this XRay thing would cost to make? You already complain about the wall. And then how are people coming from another country already going to have the chip? And we dont need government involved in more stuff. What he wants is globalism and its a dumb idea. This is why people that know nothing about politics or how things work should have no say in it.
BAH HAHAHA Hey "Free flowing XRAY WALL DUDE"... Shoot me your youtube channel.... I can't wait to lose more IQ points watching your POV videos for pure amusement...
When are you in the liberal state of NJ, would love to watch you live. I'll even do security for free
Pedro for Mayor of New Mexico 2023
NUKE THE BORDER
This idiot wouldn't get hired to do the governor's laundry let alone be the governor.  Moron.
A more freeflowing xray gate? Lmfao y'all should just build a wall around him
The Mexican dude needs to apply for Space Force.
I dont care about your sob story, no passport no entry.
Edit: lady sounds lake Brandon Rodgers philipiono voice.
4:43 Standards-a
4:48 Make-a
5:05 Drugs-a
Edit 2: Stevens side burns lol.
10:57 SCIENTIFICAL!
11:06 Tongue
11:37 Flicks tongue  stares off into the distance  I one day plan on being the governor of new mexico
11:40 That guy in the back looks not gay.
13:18 Good reaction.
Is it just me, or did you just turn a liberal Mexican into an ultra conservative in just one short convo?
Sounds like that guy just described a wall that funnels towards a checkpoint with x ray machines. So border patrol TSA agents??
Yeah only let an old lady, and a crazy guy proposing future tech, as a solution  talk that way you arent actually challenged to a debate on a dumb topic
This woman is afraid she may face harm, possibly death, for reporting illegal immigrants. The guy is a real knucklehead, x-ray door in the middle of the desert that immigrants will surely use. Sounds like a modern version of blazing saddles.
If the New Mexican guy becomes governor someday we are screwed.  He is not the sharpest knife in the drawer.
I feel like the problem is Mexico its self, that goverment needs to get their shit together, when things are bad in a country people flee to look for better lives. Not to mention the Cartels who are the ones responsibles for the drugs crossing the border. Its not like mexican immigrants just bring drugs for no reason. Like I said , its Mexico that needs to do something.
Why don't we just make legal immigration easier? Then there would be a huge decrease in illegal immigration. And those that come over would not have to hide, under the radar. They would then have to pay taxes, and competition between american citizens and immigrants would be more fair.
Sad
I dont think a wall will be very effective . Nowadays many illegal immigrants enter our nation by overstaying visas or going underground . This is not some ancient civilization where a wall will keep enemies out.
Lowest IQ change my mind ever | Change my mind
Honesty those are really bad examples by really narrow minded people, feel really badly represented by those people
Oh gosh
There have been numerous studies that show conservatives are more fearful and their worldview reflects that. On the other hand liberals can be too open and trusting. Liberal minded people have compassion for others outside of their own bubble. Conservatives have a selective compassion for their own. I dont know if this political ideology is biological theory is true but Im just trying to play mediator. Im not sure how to find a middle ground but in the meantime these folks, even if illegal, should be treated humanely. That should be the number one priority.
The one thing that comes consistently in any of my discussions is regarding the cost and what else the money could do. Infrastructure is expensive. Sad that we didn't get some well informed back and forth.
The DemoRats will destroy the United States .
Dude...  I'm about to drive up to your studio and bitch slap you.  You've just jeopardized that woman's life to make a point.
That guy, wow. Steven, you have a great deal of patience.
BUILD THE WALL!!!!
#rememberyusef
I mean building a wall wouldnt do that much because illegal immigrants dont come on foot anymore they come with planes and overstay their vacations +building a wall would keep the illegal immigrants here because usually they work for a bit and then go back to mexico
Cocaine is one hell of a drug.
He needs to stop smoking weed!
Elrond hubard should really try to research reality a bit before running for governor
Hes so fucking stoned bruh 
Sorry Steven, I couldn't make it through this video. That guy was unbearable to listen to
this guys argument instead of building a wall to stop illegal immigration is to make an xray that tracks any human being that crosses the boarder?
The look Steven gave at the end....that was my face for the last 9 minutes of this video. 
lol wow I see so many people win arguments with you in my eyes its hilarious
This guy needs to shut up already.
Please do not DO NOT leat this guy, someday be be the governor of New Mexico.
Crowder, I love these videos, and especially this particular topic! But please... please, please, please... interview someone who's not on crack next time!
This guy has like 4 brain cells
Don't do drugs kid.
No wall.. just remove the incentive to come her illegally. Crack down on welfare fraud.. stop giving them handouts.. they want the shit they have to pay taxes to get it.
I've got a quick question  Steven Mexicans can get Visas and ride planes. How would you fix that because planes can go over walls?
That dude has watched Zeitgeist it seems.
He's high as shit
A ladder
You need to blur her out or just upload the audio with a distorted voice
Was this in las cruces or Albuquerque?!
If mexico was a better place to live they wouldn't need to cross the border.
I can kinda understand the ladys point. If a war is started you may not be able to return
Holy fuck that spic was retarded
The guy with the camera was pathetic. And he plans to be governor of New Mexico? Ha Ha Ha! (Ja Ja Ja!)
My stance: If they are supporting the US, and trying to be an American, then they should be put on the path to citizenship.


Only problem is that is hard to enforce.
Dude needs to stop watching Syfy shows
He was respectful tho!
I don't like the fact that people like to pin illegal immigration soley on Latinos . There's a shit ton of Asians and Europeans but nahhh let's get the Mexicans who in general are hard workers and it's not there fault that the system does it's best to stur the youth into a direction that is expected of them.
What should we do about rapists? Just tax them, we can profit man.
Esteven, if Americans were the ones crossing illegally the border into Mexico then it will be the Mexicans that would be asking their military to patrol the border with the United States and to build a wall in order to stop the influx of illegal Americans border jumper.
As for the Latino undereducated scum that you have to deal with during your segment, they should all need to get arrested and thrown in jail, afterwards they should be deported along with their families and friends period.
I know that most of the illegal immigrants are not hardcore criminals most peasants are hard workers but they are criminals by default since they themselves broke our laws the moment they decided to cross illegally into the USA. I know if you cross illegally into any Latin American country and if you managed somehow to obtain fraudulent paperwork-documentation, get a job and afterwards get caught, you would be prosecuted, incarcerated and then deported along with the rest of your family should they be there also illegally.
For the Latino community to think that somehow they should be exempted from immigration laws of the US supply because they are from the same continent is purely nonsense. Build the wall, deport all illegals and use the US Military to patrol the border whislt the wall is being build.
I am not a hater but their problems shouldn't be our problems especially the gang culture and the rest of the illegals that prey on the legal immigrants like that lady in the segment.
Good job as always, looking for new topics to watch and discuss.
He is wasting oxygen, make it stop.
Pop tarts are ravioli

CHANGE MY MIND!
Third Wave Feminism does more harm than good change my mind
I don't agree because it seems like a waste of money
Lol!
I think that the illegals here should have a path to some sort of citizenship, the ones who commit very bad felonies (I.e  murder ) should be deported, and, instead of ingesting 25 billion in a Wall, use 5 billion to bump up security on the border, and use the rest to fix our crumbling infrastructure
Build the Wall!
Pablo really did not seem to understand the concept of people crossing the border without going through his Marvel vs. Capcom X-ray gates.
Anyone fact check Stevens stats? Also can you shere your sources.
The wall is not worth the amount of tax payer money that it would take to build it.

The money would be much better spent in fixing up our infrastructure or other things.
Even if it's just 1 crime build the wall to stop that 1 crime from happening again simple
I love the bad data on the crimes. You are not even kind of close.
What will the wall solve that is the real question? Its not like its gonna stop shady deals done between , the d.e.a special agents & elite drug cartel bosses? So tell me how will it solve this?
Why dont people talk more about the root problem.  Mexico is a Sh**hole country.  Thats why people keep coming here. Is there anything we can do to help Mexico? Cant we just annex the place?
Dont build the wall because it will cost millions of dollars. This money should be put towards our failing education system. Proof that our education system is failing is the rise of flat-earthers
The last guy is against borders but he is just describing them when he is asked what he would do. Wtf??
That guy an idiot
i want what that dude is on.
Keep them out? Or keep us in? What happens when all hell breaks loose in America and theres walls on the northern and southern border and we cant get out?
I agree with Peter Kirsanow. Whether illegal immigrants commit crimes at a higher rate than US citizens is not the point. Illegal immigrants do commit crimes, and each one of those acts is a crime that should not have been committed in the USA.; should not have been given the opportunity to occur.
I feel like everyone he debates is very un educated in the situation. They dont articulate there words properly not do they form a good argument. People like that are very ignorant in the topic. Steven I like you but I dont like you. I like you because you sound understanding and reasonable, I dont like you because you made a video on vox impersonating a gay person. Which I am not offended by, but I see it as a childish way to construct an argument. Most of your comebacks in that video were weak but Im not going to judge you on that. You should start talking to a person that is more educated in that field like maybe Trevor Noah. You might not like him, but theres no harm in a simple conversation. I also like how you say change my mind yet they never do because your perception is your reality and we cant change that. As a human living in this world you should just let people live there lives exactly how they want to, unless it affects yours.
"These guys can have electronic IDs or passports"
"How are you gonna check that they have them"
"I don't know"
Right..You DON'T KNOW! That dude is literally a walking dictionary.com page for the word idiot.
Why build walls? aint no Mexicans attacking us.
A xray border???  Sounds like star trek shit
R.I.P XXXTENTACION
5:10 my family's been in New Mexico since the 1550's? Did I hear that right?
How about we come together as one fucking human race and move forward together as one..
Main reason why libtards don't want the wall, it makes them angry. Apparently that's wrong, we shouldn't make them mad, because that hurts their feelings, and that out rules everything.
NGJ rocking the Cleveland Indians cap!!!  #RollTribe
Such a wasted opportunity
There were so many points that could have been made if someone with some decent vocabulary would have sat down lmao
That guy is not very smart.    Laughably insane ideas he has..
Somebody should have told this guy, while he was growing up, that he's an idiot.  It really is a disservice to these dumb-asses to let them think they have a clue; they just end up thinking that other people want to listen to what they have to say on a subject they know absolutely nothing about.
Props to the dude for being respectful but ffs man, youre not going to be the governor of New Mexico
the wall should have gone up in the 60's when immigration started changing.
Governor of New Mexico...Gary Johnson 2.0
This "Spanish" Mexican sounding dude trippin lmao! 
So he's saying were gonna have teleporters in 5 years
Liberals are fuckin idiots jesus christ
Whenever someone sees the wall they assume racism
That guy at the end seemed like he was really trying to be intelligent and ambitious, which I totally respect, but he seemed pretty phukin stupid lol
part 2 please
couldnt listen to that second person lol
Or you could make it cheaper and faster to become documented so they arent illegal anymore 
Do flat earthers!!! I'd loooove to see this!
I'm a trump supporter but a physical wall in my opinion isn't the solution, I think the Us should attempt to purchase a physical line 50 miles deep into Mexico , it make it a military operated zone ... I don't know if that is exactly how it works but shit it's my idea I'm sticking to it.
Now I know how I sound when I try to make things up on the spot
Its a waste of money its not cost effective...
This guy in the year 3047
I'm one of those cheap pricks! :) But I love the show honestly haha. Keep up the amazing content!
I would've lost my patience with that guy a lot sooner than Steven did... wow...
They tried getting people to just give up an ID and Democrats gots super mad about that.  Written notice, Xray, scan in your skin...
The second guest isnt using his head...theres already a process in which those entering the country take a test and get taxed...its called the immigration process to U.S. citizenship. You know the way legal immigrants have been doing it for years upon years now. What hes describing already exists and yet MSM doesnt acknowledge it, in fact they twist words around disingenuously and group immigrants in with people illegally entering the country.
http://criminology.oxfordre.com/view/10.1093/acrefore/9780190264079.001.0001/acrefore-9780190264079-e-93#  Educate yorself
Wall = autistic. To much money just do better enforcing the border
What the fuck was that dude talking about?
just give this man some "intelligent individuals" to discuss this with and he will fix the worlds problems in no time.... trust it.
$20,000,000,000 in taxes to build that Wall. Taxation is theft
assuming that woman isn't an actor can you blur out her purse it can be easily used to identify her.
No, we New Mexicans have issues with the ILLIGAL immigrants.
an X-Ray border...
so he doesnt support borders and doesnt expect people to respect the wall but thinks that they will his xray thing?
Im a liberal, Im against the wall for a couple of reasons, one being why build a wall costing billions when a new president in 4 years could take it down  BUT: WTF WAS THAT LAST DUDE TALKING ABOUT  I want an X-ray boarder gtfoh
Who cares about what your stances on illegal immigration are.  If you really think that building a wall across the entire US/Mexico border is a cost efficient thing to do and will actually decrease illegal immigration then your dilusional
I just got an ad with ben shapiro speaking about victim statuses and why theyre BS... Bruhhh yas.
Fuuuuuucken leroy.. chicano from the future
Im usually a fan of these but this hit in a personal spot. It is so hard for someone who is south of the border to come here legally. Mexico does not have the same education system as the United States. I say that because our people dont have the knowledge to be able to come here legally. And I get it building a wall to keep away the bad people but in reality your keeping away all people. I wish I had family who have been deported here with me. Of course I could go see them when I want but its hard to see them that way. Its easier said than done. Why not try to help each other than separate each other. There are so many history lessons about building walls to separate people. We havent learned anything.
I dig how you remain professional throughout. With all this toxic behavior in this world, it's hard not to become passionate. I obviously don't agree with some of you're reasoning but I agree with your mature take on these "harsh"  topics. Love the content.
Homeboy had a great idea. Unfortunately we don't live in a syfi movie so until this "genius" develops a human zerox scanning chipping system that could actually work...build the freaking wall
This was way too short for such an important subject! Please do multiple videos for this! Come to Arizona!
Jajaj . Ive met people from New Mexico than claim they are Spanish or Spaniard..... Jajaj hes just a Fancy Mexican !  Go eat some Green Chile you Lame ass dude
The dude was all over the place
Im agree that ILEGAL immigrants should not be tolerated but I think laws should be more simple... 

For residency: As long as the government can verify they are not criminals, dont have any criminal Background in their country and they have a job and they are paying taxes, thats good enough for me.

For citizenship: Well, besides the requirements for residency, they have to make sure they pledge loyalty and alliance to the US, and make sure they agreed not to pretend to change the culture and they adapt to it, but that should not be a hard thing to do...


About the walk. Im against. Why? Cause its too expensive and I dont think it's Going to be nearly as efectivo as people think. Funny to se a Trillion dollar wall bein ignored by a thousand dollar undergronud tunel. Not the brightest idea there.
that dude is fucking clueless...what a fucking moron
A piece of paper doesn't stop anyone from doing some thing wrong something physical like the wall will. This country is our home, if you don't wan't to contribute to regulations and keeping our southern Americans  and boarders safe then pack your shit and go back to where one of your ancestors are from because you clearly are useless and we need productive people here. One question for you libtards and the rest of the left.
If you care about these immigrants and want to help them, why not let them live with you?
Some won't have a place to go so let them live with you if you care so much. Don'y worry you can afford it according to the reasons some of you have to let them over here without going through the legal procedure like some of their people have done.
Man, Crowder... 

Fuck you.
Change my mind ? Dude , more like "Waste my Time " LOL . Poor Stephen had to endure that load of ignorance lol
https://www.chronicleonline.com/opinion/letters_to_editor/facts-about-illegal-immigration/article_7b969762-b05f-11e7-9dc5-a7e702b194a9.html
^ in case anyone wanted a source
Sanctuary cities in California where I live have a high rate of crime. Such as sex crimes, illegal drug use, prostitution, gang violence, and are horrible places to live. Santa Ana is riddled with sex offenders more than any other city in OC. Most the people driving in Santa Ana dont have a license and I cant tell you how many times immigrants get killed from walking in the middle of traffic. Its not just Mexicans or Hispanics either its also Vietnamese.
I say build the wall because either way they are gonna find a way to get over. How to fund it? Cut it out of the military spending budget. Stop buying those F-22 Raptors and put it towards the wall instead. The US military budget isnt gonna miss 10,20, even 30 billion dollars especially if you take it in small increments lets say 5-10 billion every year until its build.
Meh. These people didnt really offer good discussion.
This guy just debates chumps honestly
Taxation is theft...  Change my mind.
Blockchain technology could do what that 2nd man is proposing
Steven this dude is on coke or some upper his mouth is out running his mind
I like Crowder but he referenced an inaccurate statistic.  Illegal immigrants account for 13% of murders, not 37%.
Im a Mexican American and proudly a CONSERVATIVE!!!
You guys should blurr out the ID tag of the Lady. Not only her normal face.
I'm for legal immigration and boarder enforcement. But I'm not entirely for the wall. I think there could be a more time and money efficient way to enforce our boarders.
Just to get it right Steven, you do believe in an actual wall? Spend billions on something that will only incentivize the ingenuity of people smugglers and drug traffickers, probably even increasing their profits, is just plain stupid. Most of this issues aren't being fixed from the source. That wall and all the "securing the border" theater is just playing dumb at the expense of taxpayers...
Awwwwwe the Mexican lady was so sweet
Im not educated on this wall issue. Why is the wall a problem if it keeps illegal immigrants out?
"I'm not Mexican, I'm Spanish.  My family came to Mexico in like the 1550s" ..............
Mexicans never want to be called Mexican. Im Spanish - theyre so racist against anyone whos any shade browner
Steven "you might find some areas where we disagree, versus areas where we disagree" Crowder.Appreciate you man, keep up the great work!
when the guy started talking about an x ray border I was dead.
Why build a wall when we can be using the time for more other progressive things that wall has little purpose and i can be rong but im honest. thats how i feel
wow this channel sucks and I'm sad I just wasted 13 mins and 44 seconds of my life on this sh*tty video. Poor argument on both sides, but I'm sure he picked the discussions that made him look better. It's easy to sound smart when you pick the most idiotic people to interview.
Drugza.... lol
While I do agree on the wall being put up, I appreciate the guy's positive outlook on wanting to help make traveling easier for humanity. Sure it's far fetched and out there but he was super respectful and seemed like a positive dude.
Leroy was soo mad. Lol.
Nothing like taking to a free thinker to argue against a democracy.
It's people like this Spanish/American man who are exposed to liberal ideas and accept them without question who are the real problem.
Answer- Mexicans gonna dig under that mf.
Just an idea based on what the spanish man was talking about, but perhaps a system could be introduced where only 'registered' residents gain access to credit, healthcare, cars (licences and purchases, for example), property purchases, and anything else that isn't a necessity like police and fire services. To continue getting access to anything like that, you would need to be hardworking, taxpaying member of society. Of course, before anything like that could happen, you would need to crack down on things like unlicensed drivers. 

I have the luxury of living in a small country (the U.K.), and so it's so much easier for the government to keep these things regulated. I don't know anyone without a drivers licence or insurance that drives a car, or anyone that has made purchases of a similar size to cars without going through all the legal procedures. It's very difficult to commit crimes like that and not get caught in a country where there's very few places to hide!

I don't agree that a wall is the solution, because as many others have stated, they will always find a way. It's main purpose is a stroke to ego (and to beat China's great wall, I'm sure). It certainly makes a statement that the US is desperate to keep out immigrants, and doesn't care about the fiscal cost.
I'm just gonna wrap myself in tinfoil and roll myself over the border so I'm not detected. Easy
Go anywhere...  super cheap!  Oh that's what their being told huh?  Slick.
It's only business.  Business is harsh.  That's why everyone pissed off at Trump.  Drug war.  Immigration war.  Fuckin wars are business.  Go ahead and fight it. You'll all stay broke.  Everyone's worried about border lines on this. Small minded.  If your gonna think.  Than think big.
So if their are 2 billion illegal immigrants trying to enter.. are solutions is to tax them.... ohhhhhhh my
The guy with the X-Ray idea reminds me of the girl who went viral saying the solution for global waming is to install a while bunch of giant air conditioners. You cant make this stuff up.
Scumbag needs to learn English first
The thing is that most illegal immigrants dont walk or ride across the border. They fly in with a work visa and stay here and continue working there trade here have a border wall doesnt help remove these people and it brings up the question of if we even should because they are usually working a trade that most americans wont do because it doesnt correspond with the whole college path that most americans want, so it would be ineffective and extremely expensive. It would also effect the USA's ability to conduct trade with other nations because of the likely global out lash. And this video gave me the idea that his videos are staged and he only pulls the most ignorant people out of the ones he talks to inorder to create the same Echo chamber that he complains about Twitter being for liberals. The hypocracy is just very startling.
Hahhha fucking mexicans......they have built a border wall in their southern border to prevent their neighbours from coming in and they have a rule where no political party like demorats or president can change their demographics by bringing in people from outside
The conversation was frustration. Dude just was not talking well. No clear thought just wanted to be heard
What he means to say is, let's have a Orwellian system for illegals. Wth
Build the Fuckin wall.  Who cares.  Excellent national monument.  Piss my tax dollars.  Americans go to school and learn the tax game it's only business. Mexicans come over here and take our jobs.  If you want to stay hav3 better ideas than our politicals.   It's only Fuckin business
A wall wont change nothing
The guy in white was definitely on some drugs
Republicans bashed sanders for advocating for free college because its too expensive lmfaooo how much would your wall cost??
37% of murders are committed by illegals? Bullshit
A wall? That's kind of retarded.
Does he realize that even an "xray contraption" would technically still be considered a wall. Baaaahaaaa
the way that guy adds an uhat the end ofevery third word gives me the fucking creeps
5:07 so you say you're not mexican, then you say you're from spain, then you say your family has lived in New Mexico since the 1550's? Dude is Mexican as shit and his accent isn't fooling anyone ese lol
he sits down with some real idiots BUT they are atleast better than the asses that just drive/walk by an cuss and are to chicken shit to give Logical reasons to their stances. and more than 90% haven't thought deep enough about the issues to get past starting their sentences with "I FEEL".
@stevenCrowder i would love to have been there to debate you about this. I believe i could have changed your mind
Walls keep people in, that is the main argument i would have against a wall. Just ask anyone who lived in East Berlin.
Chowder Crowder I love your vids! I'm black so it's all fun you Canadian bastard. I support you 110% I'm from the U.P. of Michigan ha. So we're as close as we can get.  I'll stir the pot with you any day my friend.
Lord the second dude is stupid
The second guy has an extremely low IQ.
She's probably been shot by now
The second guy is trying to say there will be no boarders in 5-10 years
In this segment, iv'e noticed that almost everyone speaking is uninformed and uneducated.
What the fuck???  Dont build a wall but make an X-ray border and just make sure that all the people come in and pay taxes.

The problem isnt illegal immigrants.  Its the idiots who already live here!
- Not cost effective
- Will not prevent illegal immigrants as many of them do not come into the United-states of America on foot.
Will a gun free zone sign stop shootings? If you say no and think a wall will stop immigrants from getting into America, you are part of the problem
I like how the video is in the comedy category
This was unproductive.
Ladders... tunnels... plenty of ways to get here... waist of my mothers tax payer money
I just dont see how building a wall is the solution to our problems. The violence that occurs is a by product of the situation there country is in. instead of making them pay for a wall that essentially does nothing to better there community we should be helping out mexico to get gangs and crime off the streets. That would be the only way to permanently stop illegal immigration.
Best interview EVER! In order to get rid of illegal immigrants we should make them legal! HUH ... okaaaay ... hahahahahahahaha

what was he thinking? May be he was nervous? Nice try anyway.
That second guy thought he was in a movie
Ice is frozen water, change my mind
Steven Crowder. If we were to build the wall it would have to go through rivers and mountains. Most of the illegal immigrates in America came here legally but happend to out stay there visa.
That look at the end made my day!  LOL
People immigrate to the us because quality of life in Mexico is atrocious. 
Our daily minimum wage is about 4 dollars, a typical sallary for a college graduate is about 1000 dollars a month and that would be considered a GREAT pay. There are high paying jobs, around 10 k a month but thats a very small segment of the population.

Even if you are rich though, our infrastructure is a nightmare, streets are not propely paved and not to mention how dangerous it is just to live here. 

kidnapping is so common, mugging in any part of the city, and most of all the corruption.
I was stopped by police last week just walking home and they robbed me.

If you try to open up a business you have to pay extra just to get your papers processed, and also you run the risk of being threatened by narcos to pay a fee for protection.

so yeah, you say "its not our problem" well it isnt, just as it isnt our fault to have been born in this country. 

You also say, come here legally, do you know how hard and expensive it is to be able to do so?
keep in mind our retarded wages. 

someone said as well, "Because we can't tell the difference between the good or bad people that come here seeking refuge."
i would argue that anyone that chooses to risk their life crossing a border, going into a country that clearly doesnt want them, knowing that they will exploit and demean them is a refugee.
She got caught snitching on camera she dead
That guy is silly!
Come to El Paso Texas
i was expecting that guy to end with, "hey, man, wanna go get some tacos?"
Gonna leave this fun fact right here. As Ive done all night long on left leaning channels https://gop.com/flashback-democrats-talked-tough-on-immigration-rsr/
Build the wall. Tall wall. Go ice
Wow there's alot of lefties in the comments section pretending to be fans who are disappointed in Crowder and trying to put doubt in people's heads
I've watched all the change my mind's....and this is by far the worst. It's unfortunate that some of the passionate people that could give an actual viewpoint on this issue were represented by two crazy people... You gotta redo this one man ....
Put the money towards the space force instead. It could save humanity, bigger than some border issue. If your mind isnt changed I think you need to rethink your priorities. Like the future of your children.
Build a wall ? What are you 10 ?
The walls that are built to keep those out will also keep those in.

- me
Leroy watches too much Sci-fi movies
Steven's point that illegal immigrants commit more crime has been disproven by multiple studies. Apparently, illegals commit LESS crime than people born here. I guess that makes sense because they're afraid of being deported and don't want to get in trouble with the law. Here are a few of the articles I found that said this: 
https://www.npr.org/2018/05/02/607652253/studies-say-illegal-immigration-does-not-increase-violent-crime
https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.washingtonpost.com/amphtml/news/wonk/wp/2018/06/19/two-charts-demolish-the-notion-that-immigrants-here-illegally-commit-more-crime/
http://criminology.oxfordre.com/view/10.1093/acrefore/9780190264079.001.0001/acrefore-9780190264079-e-93

Maybe he's just afraid of Mexicans because of his subconscious racial bias. \_()_/
There is much better ways of border control then a wall that by now we've seen that will come out of the US citizens pocket the research shows that the terrain this wall will cover is extremely harsh and although it can be done it will be in my opinion to much money that can be spent on better things
Finally and yes build the wall!!
Xray wall?
Xray wall?
One more time did i hear him right Xray wall?

I guess all idiots really do aspire to be politicians...
Just want to say a comment about  the young goobers statement about the pharmaceutical drug problem, Yeah Thats a big problem, its also the biggest gateway to heroin addiction which is smuggled here on the backs of those immigrants.
These change my mind videos would be so much better if you talked to some smart people too.
People that agree we should have open borders are obviously retarded.
Leroy makes me want to cry lol where the hell have you been bro omg!
that second guy was high as fuck
Dude at 10:00 wants to like just put a Fucen chip in every person in the world
Okay let me get this ; if illegal immigrants find it hard reporting crimes to cops and partaking in national consensus. Should I trust statistics that say they commit less crimes ? NB: statisticians claim to speak directly to them.
Maybe all these people need to live in tents, with no walls to protect them, and see how long that lasts.  Walls are built to protect.
OMG, THE LAST GUY WAS A FRUITCAKE !!!!   HE SEES BORDERS AS A THING OF THE PAST ?  PEOPLE WILL BE ABLE TO TRAVEL "FAST" WTF ? HE NEEDS TO MASTERMIND THIS WITH OTHERS ?  WHAT A SPACE CADET !!!
Dudes family has been in New Mexico since the 1550s??
Ever heard of a ladder?
go to colleges or plan these in advance. Dumb people are boring.
Typical liberal cunts. Walk by talking shit and giving the finger. Very brave.
"Unedited"
Leroy with the lore from the future
See this first one is sad.  The second one said "You can't deport everyone", I disagree, Hitler was able to deport 6 gorillian jews in less than 4 years, twice, to first the ghettos and then to concentration camps, if you believe the propaganda, and that was in the 1940s, I believe our technology could deport 10 million people in half that time now. Build the wall, and deport ALL of the illegals, with the executive order Trump just signed, we need to carry this out to the next logical step: All legal citizens being held in jail awaiting trial, need to sue the US government to allow them to bring their families into the facilities with them. Use these laws and show them how stupid these decisions are.
Building the wall forces them to change their approach. If you anticipate that change you can make the wall extremely effective.
If you want change vote to end the welfare state and open the borders. www.lp.org
Yes be harsh with our boarders but the child and parent legislation does need some reform
I want to know the story behind the tree in the first ladies water bottle
BUILD THE WALL! Proud American, son of argentineans
Honestly Steven , I support Trump but the wall will cost to much money and solve almost no problems. Sorry Steven but i can't agree.
Could you do one about how the school system is outdated and broken?
yo this episode sucked ass.
Holy fucking shit this guy is almost no different than any other liberal. Please just stamp our foreheads and track and monitor every time she take a shit
impose a heavy fine on employers who hire illegals.  That will make it financially impossible to make money as an illegal, or off of them
second guy was a moron
This guy is just talking out of his ass.. crowder is king 
How can we tax them if we dont know theyre here or how many of them there are...?
When will people realize.......Throughout modern history, white people are bashed beyond belief for the way they live. Yet name 1 time a massive group of white people has ever tried to immigrate to a non white nation? ( in the modern era last 400 years or so) We have hundreds of cases of coloured people leaving there shit holes behind to come where the evil white man built up a desirable society.  I'm not saying any white power shit here. I'm stating a fact. We get beat down, but never get any credit for the very reason why everyone wants to come to where we build something up from the dirt. It truly amazes me. We could swap places with Mexico overnight, land for land, but within a few years once we build up Mexico into the new America, the Mexican's would come to the new America.  And people would still say fuck white people. I really don't get it.
Yikes, Mr ex ray needs to grab a newspaper and stop reading the back of cereal boxes. Stevens face at the end was a perfect reaction.
Oh Em Gee!!
This guy is such a fool! I could only watch half the interview because he talks like a toddler, ie: saying the same incomplete thought 3x in a row and proud of making an "intellectual" point. The man simply spewed word vomit in an exciting manner. Unfortunately, that's all it takes to get additional dumb ppl in his mind-numbing corner. (Point-in-case: he does a show. Apparently, ppl follow it. Blind following the blind...) Turn ON your brain, ppl! Let's be (self) EDUCATED human beings! There's so much at stake! You/we have everything to gain and nothing to loose!

Thanks, Crowder, for being a voice of reason in a sea of sheeple! (I'm a fan of your work in general, in studio and on the streets!) Keep up the good work, man! I'll keep telling ppl about you and doing my best to keep (not-so-) common sense alive and well in my neighborhood too!;-] Jesus help us each!<3
Spanish, my ass!! Bunch of drunk teepee indians talking drunk shit. lol
I side with you on basically all the topics here, Steve.  I believe we need to control the southern border as much as the northern border were jihadist can sneak in without warning. FYI the majority of influx of illegals has been those of Central American countries and not Mexico. 
>xray scanner
AHAHAHHAHAHHAHAHAHHAHAHA
This dude needs to go to school good God
These people cross over for the American dream, well i'm sorry my latin friends, that is something reserved for American's. The American dream involves laws, something that is put on the back burner right off the bat for illegals.
You should blur the identification she has on her blouse too. If you zoom on it you can even see her name and you could be putting her in danger. THIS IS IMPORTANT!!!!
Hes not changing anyones mind lol
The Spanish guy makes the point that i've heard many Liberals talk about,  I just can't wrap my head around it though.  Which is America already has crime, so what's the problem with more crime. I honestly think if you subscribe to this type of thought, you should be deported, legal or illegal.
Vote 1: Leroy for governor of New Mexico. Got a problem... taxem
Sounds a lot like 1984  X-Ray borders  He needs a few mastermind individuals to talk things over  fucking masterminds lmaoooooo
No boarders, but Microchip EVERYONE.  Thats not crazy at all nope.
12:05 "We've been wasting thousands million trillions" LMAO 
Ever heard of the Berlin Wall?
I just wonder if Steven ever excludes anyone intelligent that speaks with him... there is no way that there are so many uneducated 'liberals'
How sad is that. Steven had to set up a van in a way to not get hit by some peace loving liberal.
Uh. Bruh. Yeah. No on this one. Its not cost effective and geographically improbable.
I am full blooded Hispanic, actually Hispanic/Native American, and I as well as my family all agree that we should build the wall to prevent illlegals from coming in.
we all agree that some electric wall to scan people's tracking devices is only going to track people that have those tracking devices voluntarily right? in order to use it, the immigrants would have to be given the tracking devices at some sort of check point. but illegal immigrants would just not get the tracking devices and walk through like normal... and let's not forget that whether it's electronic or physical, it's still a wall so his argument was completely contradictory
Rocking those short shorts
Haha That First Lady.
Ive only seen Rogan shut down crowder. When i heard the second interview i knew he was from NM, lol
That to the left has to be security:
Leroy For Governor 3018
Man that guy is into some serious science fiction shit!
Ju sweepey de grRoun? Pedo I kneedeytu gess sung brRoos esweepey dey ders 
I lost brain cells
11:38 needs to be a meme. Priceless.
"I'm not Mexicans, I'm Spanish ????


My family from Mexico???" 
Xxxtentacion is still alive change my mind
Well New Mexico has something to look forward to with their future govenor
I wish that guy could collect his arguments better and articulate more because his mind is everywhere and I get lost. I have a hard time listening to stumbling people.
Haha sounds like Leroy is a little uneducated.
The wall is a waste of money. Just install a wormhole that leads directly to Antarctica.
Build the wall
Please god tell me why public school has failed us like this.
how bout we take all the illegals and make an army to take over mexico and adoubt the usa constitution.
An XRay border! Perfect idea!
Crowder is the man.
Guy from New Mexico was a moron. Had no idea of the contradictions about what he was saying.
Hey buddy, its called a visa :/
LMAO an xray border... maybe in a hundred years...
I think walls are too expensive and not effective. You should try a mine field with electric fence, Doberman pinscher and train guns man instead of guardsman. Eventually illegal aliens get what they deserve, running away from their country execution. Jk if we did that some SJW would rage and cry over it what we should do is elect a black, disabled, female president to allow these changes to be normal just like how Obama was not talk about while deported thousands illegals off the country while trump get all the press of having officially enforced these laws.
You need to delete this video and re upload it with her voice changed, and more of her pixilated! NOW!
And if theres no wall how do you stop them from going around the x-ray machine?
I am not trying to make fun of him, but is the second interviewee on drugs? Who listens to that guy's show?!
Immigration reform - Yes. A Stupid wall - No.
If say 40% of illegal immigration is by airplane, is the expense of a wall justified? Someone might enter the US on "vacation" and never leave. Shouldn't the effort be redirected towards methods and strategies to limit this occurrence, as well as researching ways to enforce our existing infrastructure? Maybe the wall doesn't optimally address the immigration dilemma?
mr. crowder,
                                                      A physical wall is impractical. 
    i feel that more information on the argument was necessary... we already have some walls built... many illegals are refugees from MEXICO AND SOUTH AMERICA.. .it is unwise to group them all as one entity with one common reason for crossing our border.  if stopping drugs is the most important thing then we need to shift our understanding of addiction (similar to Amsterdam?) and focus not on incarcerating or deporting (alone) but rehabilitation as a solution. it's a more human thing to do. The drug war is a large part of the problem and is often left out of the popular discussion. getting back on point, i agree with you on many topics... just not this one. the great wall of china did little against Genghis Khan and had an extremely high cost in both blood and construction. not saying that our wall would have similar construction costs. however,  if we were to wisely look to the past we as a country should realize that if you can't beat them then join them. Similar to China and Mongolia forming one united China as we know today. 

     my argument is this:
lets stop the Mexican american border war by creating a new partnership that will let north america unify under a similar governing rule as the EU/UN. my thoughts are that Canada, USA, Mexico, Guatemala, Honduras, Panama, Nicaragua, and Costa Rico should create a new world super power of sorts.  aimed at world preservation over conquest because the world is really not all that big and a wall across panama (think canal) would be way more effective in the improvement of all of north america. my overall thought is that if we all play for the same team and we all support the team in different ways then we all win?

    God Bless America and our future; unite against the robots that will, in our lifetime, leave around 1 billion  people looking for different ways to make a living.. OR if no humans have to work.... what do humans do with life. 

everyone please feel free to poke holes in my argument. otherwise, whats the point?

ps- mr. crowder; it may be slightly outside of your wheelhouse, however, please consider doing a show on robots and our future with AI and how we think we fit in. consider this: when we create real AI it will instantly become the smartest thing on the planet . . . . what happens next?
I like a lot of Crowder's stuff but this is where I have to break with him. Taxation is theft. The idea that the general government should be driving us further into debt to build a fucking wall is about the least "conservative" thing imaginable, yet somehow it is a pillar of modern conservatism. I'm not saying everybody has to be ideologically pure all the time, but some ideas are just bad, blatantly unconstitutional, and a waste of money.
Hey, Leroy was nice just really excited but his ideas were out there. At least he was pretty cordial lol
Undocumented immigrants commit 37% of murders? I dont even have to google that....completely wrong.
This dude is a perfect example of why we don't need any more of those people here. What a fucking idiot.
Scientifical goodbye brain cells
Pineapple doesnt belong on pizza change my mind
Thank God those people are not in charge of policy, but it scares the hell out of me that they can vote.
Oh geez- an X-RAY border. I'm sure there are plenty of delusional people who agree that we need to all be chipped. There are going to be an awful lot of hacked chips and people maimed for their chips when that happens. GO GREEN, THOUGH! GO GREEN! (eyeroll)
I've been thinking about this for 3 years, I've come up with a portal, Stargate invention that doesn't exist that Criminals will totally want to use.
Good Lord. How can you talk to these people?
Steven, please tell me where you get your statistics so I can shove it to these leftists.  The FBI does not differentiate between citizens and legal/illegal immigrants in their crime charts, so I need ways to get these stats.
Cowards....yelling aggressive obscenities and insults from a distance, yet they won't engage in the debate...

They all seem to act the same - traits of a cult.
that....that might have been the dumbest person on the planet....
You should do a part two in a college campus, as a Mexican citizen/American citizen I lived over there for almost 14 years,  would like to engage with you in a wall conversation, I have pretty understanding of points coming from both wall sides perspectives.
I'm more for a probation program, allow them to stay under heavy or moderate surveillance for a year or two and if they haven't committed any sort of crime within that time and if they are able to get some non-latin citizens to give them character references they will be granted citizenship, oh and, uh, also tone it down a bit on the welfare.
They should really replace the pipes in flint Michigan before they start building a wall
Trying to look for the 37% of illigals committing crimes that he is talking about, and I can't find any source that validates his claim does anyone else have a source
8:55 This guy's a moron. He just wants open borders but he doesn't have the balls to say it. Pathetic.
Just thought I'd leave a few comments regarding some of the things I've seen on Louder With Crowder:

WARNING Really long posts and many things to trigger many people.  If you think you're going to be offended and you read this anyway, you deserve whatever happens to you.

1) In response to "There Are Only 2 Genders - Change My Mind"

I can agree with Steven that there ARE only 2 Genders (Female and Male).  However, that does NOT mean that it is a binary discussion.  I disagree with the assertion that it is "an entire spectrum" as some have argued, but I am both intellectually and morally compelled to accept more than just "one or the other".  Even Steven can admit that there is a small percentage of people with BIOLOGICALLY PROVABLE conditions that classify them as "Intersex".  They may present as primarily "Male" or "Female", but they are, in fact, a separate category that, at a biological and purely scientific level, is "Both".  Right there, I've proven that there are only 2 Genders, but THREE separate options.

And I know I'm going to trigger a great many people when I point this out (not that I care), but I feel that any post-op "Trans" person falls into a fourth category.  We have "One", "The Other", "Both" and the fourth category, "None".  While I support most people in the LGB Community (yes, I shortened it on purpose), I think the entire concept of "Trans" is delusional and self-destructive.  This is not some "trans-phobic" rant.  This is me saying that I believe the core concepts that "Trans" people defend so strongly and hold so dearly to are poorly thought out, logically unsound and show a dangerous lack of critical thinking.  I've heard the arguments, I've read the data, I've heard the rhetoric and accusations directed at anyone who doesn't agree...and I'm not impressed.  I'm not saying I'm definitely right.  I'm just saying you're going to have to come up with something a lot better than what you have so far to convince me you're not wrong.
11:37 please don't become the governor of New Mexico
Typical conservative thought......"I hate taxes and don't trust the govt so let's spent tax money on an impossibly big wall and trust the govt to actually be competent to secure the border." Lol
Let's see here. $115 billion a year to maintain illegal immigrants, and do nothing while this increases per year by a few $billion. Or stop this rising cost by investing in a democrat party estimate of the wall costing $70billion dollar wall once, and $115 million yearly estimate for maintenance.  You choose.
"A wall that is built to keep people out can also be used to keep people in." Ron Paul
At lease those two had the balls to sit down and try to have a conversation. All the people driving by and yelling are braindead.
does that mexican actually expect us to believe that hes not mexican???
Lol this is the guy from the meme
That guy was a freakin idiot. Go through x ray scanners with no wall to force them into a choke point? Ok. Lets see how well that works out for ya.
This was painfuly stupid.
Brother, I wish I could argue with you about this one.
This guy from New Mexico does not get that Illegals are crossing where ever they want.  IF they came at the border or did not overstay VISAs it would not be ILLEGAL.
Central america is a 3rd world shit hole. Mexico is a failed state ran by cartels. IMHO I don't just want a wall, I want a 3 mile no mans land equipped with land mines and machine gun nests.
Everything really feels like a bandaid. Perhaps if mexico was a better place there would not be so many illegals. The drug cartels practically run mexico. If Mexico legalized drugs wouldn't it just put drug cartels out of business and bring in massive revenue to mexico? Make Mexico Great Again?
His face at the end hahaha, I'm pretty sure Leroy has been playing with too many x-ray machines
The woman at the beginning was bizarre, but she was clearly in fear of the illegals around her bringing dodgy crime to her immediate surrounds. Ironic.
The new mexican is right!
I really feel sorry for the first person, the woman, but the second is a real idiot.
Frist off no, god fuck no, does this guy know what the hell he is advocating for, THE GOVERNMENT been able to track you via chip or some sort of ID card. That is asking for trouble in the Authoritarian disotpia sense, not to mention it would violation the 4th amendment. Look if chossing to build a wall or have Uncle Sam track me down like cattle is the only solutions we have ,I'll take the wall please. With that aside what the lady said is true look a of these illegals don't respect the law or anyone else who is not of their fold even other Mexicans. This is the same problems blacks had with the north and south, with the southern blacks resenting the northern blacks because they were doing well for themselves. When people say why we should build that Wall all I have to say is this, the Mexican government is corrupt that is common knowledge, the problem is every time discontent and unsettlement rises people tend to runaway from the problems and just like in real life nothing changes from running away so when you have a huge ass wall to prevent you from running away you have one of two options you fight an start a revolution to change the system or keep living in shit but it let it be know that a man can only take so much shit before he starts pushing back. So yeah I think we need that Wall for both Americans and Mexicans sake this immigration problem which was start by Bill Clintons ineptitude needs to end.
Such a big important topic need a lot more taking about. Becoming disappointed with these change my mind videos.
The wall should not be built, unless the American government pays for it. The Mexican government is know for being one of the world's most corrupt governments, so if you make them pay the exorbitant amount of money required to erect that wall, Mexico will either be in debt with the American government or the country will suffer from a crisis that will result in a larger number of people trying to get into the US. The problem must be solved from its roots: the amount of insecurity in Mexico and the inefficient educational system. If the US were to invest the money that would be invested into the wall into making sure the Mexican people don't get involved in the drug business and get a better education (I know that it is not the American's responsibility but the Mexican government sucks at its job) the number of illegal immigrants would dramatically fall.
it did surprise me to hear that legal immigrants are more intimidated into not reporting crimes by illegal immigrants in their neighborhood.
What's more cost effective though? Continuing to house illegal immigrants in anything besides a tent city? They are multiplying everyday by the 100's. Or building a wall to keep them from coming over. The wall would eventually pay for itself. Maybe in 10 years. But who am I fucking kidding. Next democratic president will just spend trillions of dollars to dismantle the wall and have open boarders.
That look at the end of the video was entirely predictable.  Wow!  That dude was a piece of work!
Excellent audio this time!
Wow. The second person hasn't really thought this through. It's painful listening to him.
how do people seriously think that the wall is to keep out legal mexican immigrants? how many people actually know what trump is trying to achieve with the wall.
Simply crossing the border illegally makes you a criminal. It shouldn't matter if these guys are hard-working or not. They still committed a crime and need to be punished for it.
i dont do this for the views change my mind.
Did anyone notice he is wearing a walther shirt?
i do not understand why some people are against a Border Wall or Border Fence or whatever we could build there.......
#1 ANY Country around the world, especially those driven by communism / socialism, have Border installations, that they sure as shit guard like no one's business, so nobody can come in unnoticed or gets out unnoticed
#2 expenses, ANY federal installation that we have in our Country HAS a wall or fence or what have you, so nobody can enter unnoticed, they guard those too and all combined is pretty much the length of our Border too, but our international border is out of question ? WHY ?
#3 and finally for those doubters.......every tried to get unnoticed into Area 51 ? yeah i didnt think so, many tried and ALL got caught, there is your best example of border security !
#4 a Country without a Border is no Country, it is just a patch of Land for anyone to take
The wall won't change shit. Build it and Mexico will pay for it. Idiots
"Scientifical"
Please build a big ass wall trump
Steven: this is my opinion, I welcome you to discuss our differences and I challenge you to change my mind.

Liberals: FUCKKKKKK YOUUUuuuu.... as they drive by
She's lucky she wasn't in Mexico because her head would have got decapitated
Dude if that guy says like one more time...
It's almost always the white, elitist liberals, incapable of articulating anything of substance, who resort to parroting the same one to two word pejoratives of "fuck you", "racist", "bigot", etc. And it's usually those that virtue signal the most that are the most morally void, with the most to hide. Race is always on their mind because they are true racists. Their welfare mindset for people of color is the grandest form of condescension.
More power to the states and shrink the federal government, change my mind.
Awe, John is precious.
Dude this guys is fucking retarded   im against the wall and this dude really had switching sides for his dumb statements. Im fine with a border but not a wall. Tbh I dont really mind.
That Leeroy person was saying his family has been in New Mexico since the 1500s but says he isn't Mexican. What the hell? Does he not know the history of New Mexico?
I'm at the 7:20 mark and I don't know if I'll be able to finish because I'm dying trying to listen to this guy's verbal diarrhea. It's just amazing that people sit down to debate and then can't construct a single coherent sentence or point--just ramblings.
Illegal immigrants pump 13 billion dollars into tax revenue, however they consume 130 billion dollars of tax revenue. If it were the other way around, the argument would be valid.
Oh my goodness!  He wants to electrically tag everyone; so that the government knows where each person is in town!  What are we?  The government's pets?
Where are people getting that Mexico should pay for the wall? First of all, what money does Mexico have and second, it was Americas idea
[13:17] 
Leroy doesnt support borders or immigration enforcement, but he wants them all to be microchipped and tracked by X-ray machines. They would also have to explain the reason they go anywhere... lmao this dude is ridiculous.
OH HELL NO! What is this 1984? No x-ray, ID tags, microchip mumbo jumbo
Whad up with Leroy :0
i think the xray sort of tagging check points sounds really cool and possibly would be good for a while but im afraid it would give the government way too much power seems like something from a movie that ends with revolutionaries trying to abolish it
Crowder where are you getting these statistics those facts are blatantly false .... these falsehoods make have any source of discourse nearly Impossible by cherry pick stats and failing to look further into blog posts like you often do using climate change you only weaken your validity ....https://www.npr.org/2018/05/02/607652253/studies-say-illegal-immigration-does-not-increase-violent-crime ...........https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/fact-checker/wp/2018/01/18/trumps-claim-that-immigrants-bring-tremendous-crime-is-still-wrong/?noredirect=on&utm_term=.6acdc8f2f929
King of the dumbasses, here since 1550. Yeah, right. 500 years and no Spanish, or American, accent whatsoever.
My fucking brain hurts after listening to this autistic thumb
lets make laws with no way to enforce them, is what the second person said pretty much.
You know what, forget the wall. I'm all about this x-ray border. We could set it up with our dirt-powered construction equipment and could pay for it with the candles that we use as currency
Omg build the wall....keep out more mouth breathers...dangggg
Fuck you Leroy Jenkins
That guy literally made me feel dumber than before I watched this video. Impressive.
I wish people would come on here who could better express their opinion. Personally, I am 100% against the wall. I feel it is an unnecessary expense. People who will really want to come over here will find a way. The conditions down there can be bad enough that people won't stop. Most people who come from Mexico illegally, aren't doing it to sell and distribute drugs, or commit other crimes. Most want to come to have a better life. And I don't see a problem with that. I have grown up in a area with quite a few illegal immigrants, and you learn to sympathize. I think we sometimes forget that they are people as well. It's easy to sit back and say "You shouldn't be here, go back to where you came from until you are legal," when you don't understand what some go through. It can take years for people to get accepted to live here legally, and many don't have that much time. Now, am I saying everyone come over illegally? No. I wish everyone could come over legally, but sadly that's not always an option.
god damn Americans are the most guallable people on Earth.
Xray wall!!!!!!
Release Despacito 2 - Change my mind
how does this guy intended to taxe illegal citizens? they are criminals they're not gonna pay taxes.
I feel like the people who Crowder spoke to in this video were very uneducated in this topic and there are so many other people who would have argued this point better if given the chance
The few people I know out of the 13 million of them are really nice people.
Hipster doofus, "build the wall with your ass, bitch!" WELL, if I could LITERALLY shit bricks, I would honey!
"Scientifical" XRAY GATE... so many stupid opinions..;.
Hipster doofus, "build the wall with your ass, bitch!" WELL, if I could LITERALLY shit bricks, I would honey!
I'm guessing Leroy also believes plants crave electrolytes.
OMG can someone tell that guy that he interviewed to please go back to school. What is he even talking about lmao. He is all over the place, has no idea on statistics, or anything else that came out of his mouth for that matter. Scan people? Make them go through x-ray machines? Lmao I'm dying here 
waste american tax dollars and build a wall. a wall. a wall....a wall. really? a wall? hmmm...yes a wall will stop someone from crossing the border. isnt this 2018? i mean thats something a caveman would do to prevent this.
LEEEEEEEEEEROOOOOOOYYYYY JENKINS!
You have a lot of patience Steven. I don't think I could even make it through one convo with the mind numbingly moronic and uninformed people you talk to.
Utter stupidity at its finest.
You interviewed nothing but stupid people, interview me instead, what city you do this?
screw the wall. let's just conquer the world.
hahahhahaah that look was the best
I guess the only way to make a x-machine big enough is nuclear! That will solve everything!
Track people with tech. We miss you Mr. Orwell.
The guy seems lost and confused. Yes lets spend MORE for xrays and id implants (this guy watches too many movies).
So build an X-ray scanner across the southern US border?...... oooookkkkk
In highschool i was a globalist, i believed borders were causing our world problems but its the peopl inside those borders that cause problems. Removing the lines on our maps just makes all the problems come together and spread out of control. Key word is control and you cant control your internal issues if theres no distinction between external and internal.
Can you please come to SDSU?
BUILD THE FUCKING WALL
Build the damn wall, deport all illegals.
An X-ray border will catch them
Build the wall. Illegal mmigrants  are ILLEGAL, thats a crime. Im mexican and i dont want all of those illegal immigrants coming from central and south america too, they dont pay taxes and the majority are criminals. Lets build a wall north and south. You americans have the right (and should) build a wall.  Also we treat the immigrants worse than you do, so it is 
hypocrite to complain about how you treat illegals.
Would you mind coming to Mexico to talk about to this?
Has anyone ever been able to change this guys mind?
People do realize he could be Spanish and have been born around Mexicans so he's picked up on their accent?? 
Damn I wish he had come across smarter people. Wtf.
Love you. Come to Appalachian state
Maybe Im late into this conversation, but isnt  there a wall between Guatemala and Mexico?
Does Steven have even one opinion that's not hardcore right winger? In contrast, I'm in the middle and possess ideologies that are from the "right" and "left" (e.g, pro-self defense, pro-choice, etc). It's worrying when a person's ideology is so predictable. Furthermore, it's not good to be in line with someone like Trump, whose intelligence is sadly lacking. For me, I don't support the "wall". Walls remind me of dictatorship, authoritarianism, and such things. The right supports it for emotional reasons. Logically, it can't stop illegal immigration. It won't. It's a status symbol made by white people to support isolation for a country built on taking someone else's land.
that mexican non mexican is super incoherent.
Maybe Mexicans should try and fix their country? Just an idea?
this title isn't even coherent
Oh damn 
Seriously, I hope that guy doesn't have a large audience haha.
So we need to micro chip everyone and give the government the power to see where we are all the time....
Did any of my fellow car guys spot the Volkswagen Golf R32 @7:00?
100% of illegal immigrants have broken a law. that's what makes them illegal in the first place
Wow you interview real rocket surgeons!
haha that stare
So how will the wall stop planes and boats?
I don't support the building of the wall, but the second dude was hilarious. I don't know how Steve kept a straight face, haha.
I like the guy's ID about tagging everyone that comes by.  So instead of a border wall, an automated turret system that fires RFID tags into their ass as soon as they pass the border.  If the tag hits the body, it uses the body's energy to transmit a signal to a satellite that generates an ID tag...  Freaking awesome!
You should get a tv show Crowder.
Leroy dumb as hell listening to him saying we can have the people that arent supposed to be here and dont wanna be registered be registered
An x-ray boarder ya know? I plan on being the mayor of New Mexico 
X RAY WALL
what is stupid especially to trump voters...there is already a wall barrier installed...shows many of them dont even live at the border...just believe any rhetoric a politician says
Nice to see a fellow Spaniard on here who also had ancestors that were born in Mexico
Just watched an 8 minute ad for you <3
Crowder's face at the end of that video god damn
this is why we need the wall, not necessarily because it acts as a physical buffer, but that it represents a statement of "you will not enter unless we say so."

so the only argument I can have against the wall, and be something I can support is:

"I am against building the wall because it is not what we need to do. I think trumps initiative and drive are correct, that illegals and especially criminals need to be vetted. a physical wall is not how to deal with this. I think limited intervention is necessary that the USA needs to turn central America into a territory and fix all of its issues by indoctrinating and expanding American cultural influence. basically manifest destiny to panama, but the goal isn't more states but to "observe" a territory until it proves it can function without outside influence or corruption, then like with every territory either grant its independence or make it a protectorate immortal like Puerto Rico."

in short a wall of fire and lead, not a border wall.

I do concede that this is a much more radical idea and one that will be met with harsh resistance, as many people, corrupt or innocent, will view this as an act of aggression and a destruction of liberty, if not their way of life.
Try again at san antonio or some more populated area. I want to hear other "informed" reasons on how they defend law breaking humans.
If the Mexican Americans here as legal citizens have any sense at all, they would want us to do EVERYTHING necessary to keep America from turning into another $h!thole country like Mexico!  If they love Mexico so d@mn much....GO BACK TO MEXICO!
what a fucktard
Make more of these
Prestige Worldwide #changemymind
Walls don't seem that great at keeping people out. Now a no man's lands with minefields, barbwire, snipers, machine guns and tanks are far more of a deterrent it seems.
Hey Steven Crowder, I feel like a lot of people on your channel are missing the point of series. I dont believe that you 100% stand behind some of the controversial topics that you discuss. I believe that the point of your channel is to create a space where people can discuss these controversial topics without feeling like theyre being discriminated against for their opinions. I would love to have an opportunity to talk and hear out some of the opinions/beliefs that you talk about on your channel. I would like to make it clear that I dont agree with about every single controversial topic you talk about on your channel. However, I think you give a platform for people to talk freely about things that are not normally accepted about in society. I dont want to change your mind, but I would love to have an opportunity to talk to you freely without prejudice or discrimination about why I disagree with you on most of these topics. I think that this platform shouldnt be captioned with change my mind but with, open my mind. I dont know who you are and what you really think about these topics but I would love to understand why some people like yourself think the way that you do. Im trying to be as non-partisan and open minded as I can as much as I disagree with the things you talk about. Please contact me and change my mind on some of these topics you choose to talk so freely about.
https://youtu.be/B33H1bTGz30
Bro I love change my mind but I'd prefer the minimal edited segments with no transitions or cuts to from the actual talk,I think it's a more fair way to actually seem as if you the won the argument.
Mexico is part of North America which means Mexicans have more right to be here than you white trash
I would've loved to have sat down with Steven for this one. I understand why a wall is wanted but I feel that this is only a bandage that will not last in the long run. We need to attack the source. Crack down on businesses that hire illegal immigrants and don't allow the mothers to staywhen they have a baby here. Put the children up for adoption. There are plenty of potential parents out there who would take them in and that would scare the life out of the mothers with the thought of losing their children. It sounds terrible but we need to give them consequences. Makes one think twice about what they're doing.
That Spanish guy whos not mexican and his family been in New Mexico since the 1550s around there is a fucking joke. Educate yourself my brother, and stop making us look bad out there. 

This is coming from a first generation immigrant hispanic man.
I'd like to point out that the real reason that the left opposes border security, and wants illegal immigration, is because illegal aliens are counted in the census, which results in states with large illegal populations getting more electoral votes and seats in the house of representatives.  This is why those democrat-run states are declaring sanctuaries.  Over 70% of the illegal population lives in blue states, so even when illegals aren't actively voting in our elections, they are still influencing our entire election process just by being here.

The next census takes place in 2020, and blue states are going to get more seats and more votes distributed to them.  Make sure to vote in the midterms, get as many democrats out of office as possible, and help President Trump  fix our illegal immigration problem.  As the propagandists in the news say, "this is very dangerous to our democracy".
Well my biggest reason against the wall is the financial reason and the sheer cost of building a wall of that size. I think there are a lot more effective ways to combat illegal immigration which makes the concept of a wall just stupid.
The wall will work.  The perfect example is the border fence in San Diego.  All the data is there to support it.
You know how illegals are criminals?do you really think theyll follow the law when the wall is built?No,The Wall wouldnt work and wouldnt be that easy considering we have rivers and the ocean that people can swim to get here.Plus,the wall would hurt our ecosystem and change migration routes.Conservatives constantly give shit about people crossing here illegally but,they dont want make the path to citizenship easier?Plus whos going to pay for the wall?
The guy in the white shirt:
Maybe he was born with it, maybe it's methamphetamine.
First off i dont want my tax money going towards a wall that is not gona stop illegals nor drugs, its useless, and its a weight on our economy, we already have debt, now this fucking guy wants to spend it on this ???
Do you guys think it'd work for the government to lean really heavy on companies that hire illegals? Like, trying to track down every illegal migrant runnin' around is like trying to swat individual flies in a swarm. If you could make hiring them so unprofitable that you'd get companies ratting each other out to hurt their competitors, then now you have business working to solve the problem instead of increase it.
Building a wall definitely needs to be scientifical.
Nothing annoys me more than showing the worsts example of the other side. Both sides do it, we get it. Chowder has had some really good interviews that changed my mind on some subjects, but this is just pandering to your base. (And yes I meant chowder)
"Illegal, undocumented immigrants."
"Just tax them."
"Illegal undocumented immigrants.'
Do Whites know they're also Immigrants ...living on Indian Land? lol who are they calling Immigrants? -.-
Okay, a rant.
My Late-Father, who was a HARD man to live with, would be (or is) RAGING in his grave because he LOVED the U.S., he and my Mom came to the U.S. legally from Honduras in the early 1960's to live a better life of their own, and have much better opportunities for themselves and raising a family, so that me and my Brother could have the freedom to be whatever we wanted. Me and my father lived with racism, only when we moved to Louisiana in 1971 and lived there for 7 LONG years, but I would NEVER judge others, or the whole "South" with that redneck mentality that we dealt with just about everyday. Me in School by Black, White and Cajun people, and Teachers, and my father got into fights at the Shipyards as a welder. We came back to California and had a much better life. The experience we lived in the South, did not make us hate southerners, or hate people of color, or make us angry to blame others for the hate we dealt with. My father and mother worked damned hard to live in better homes and safer communities that were "multi-cultural", working class cities. My papa instilled in us that if we wanted something, we had to go get it with hard work and let nothing deter us from our dreams, no blame, no excuses, it was up to us. I'm not living the high life, I hate my current 9 to 5 job, had success in the past designing video games, and trying to get back into film production, even had a bout with homelessness for a year and a half in the late 90's . . . but its up to me to get up and kick the obstacles out of the way. Life is hard, but each of us has to do what we have to (without taking advantage of people and have ethics, morals and common decency), to find success and peace of mind.
We were not "criminals", nor did we "hang out" with any. I feel for that 1st woman, she feels and deals with the danger, and doesn't want to see her community deteriorate. I've seen cities I've lived in the past in California, fall into corruption from their officials, and those allowed to live in their communities (see videos for the city council of the City "Cudahy" in LA county).

To the "statistics" the 2nd young man wants, this is from; "Mexico's Citizens' Council for Public Security's annual ranking of the world's most violent cities": http://www.businessinsider.com/most-violent-cities-in-the-world-2018-3
OUR "culture" has been power hungry, corrupt and violent (but what culture hasn't?) since before Christ, and leaving the shores of Spain, Italy, Portugal and coming across the Americas. My family comes from #25 on that list, it was #1 in 2015. It wasn't like that before the 70's, but the regimes and cartels have gotten worse and corrupted Mexico. Again, if these countries are soo great, why come here to the U.S.? And then see Latino/Hispanic Radical groups spreading propaganda and chanting "America was never great!", then WHY did YOUR parents come here??? Or telling so-called "Whites" - "Go back to Europe!", well you people may need to come with us, where is your LAST NAMES from?
I wasn't born in Europe, even though I'm of Spanish & Italian heritage, so where do I go back? South Central LA? Pomona, LaPuente, El Paso, Phoenix, Houston, New Orleans, The Bronx, Miami?
What about those Mexicans that mingled with the Spanish and native tribes - what about those "Californios"? Or the "Tejanos" that fought WITH the U.S. Militias during the Alamo? Sorry for the history lesson/rant but all this rhetoric and narratives that many of these latinos spout or believe in (look up the history of Spanish/Mexicans and Native Tribes in the Spanish territories), would make my father rage and weep. WHY keep separating and segregating yourselves from the rest of us, and obey the laws and principles of OUR, (for everyone!) Constitution? No one, or my parents, grandparents or myself, persecuted, killed or enslaved any race for the past 75+ years. Whoever did in my own family . . . they're dead and gone.
Stand in line, become a citizen so you won't have to worry about being deported. What's not to understand?
"Here's what I would do. I have put no thought into how to implement this."
Can you please do a longer segment on this on a college campus next school year
That guy sounded intelligent by the way he way talking but if you actually listen to what hes saying he has no idea what hes talking about, 'just make them legal' is a stupid argument, dismisses statistics, doesnt actually know any recent facts or information and thinks in 5-10 years borders are going to be a thing of the past? what? lmao actually so dumb
Lol
The x-ray border. Not a wall.
This dude had to be high
Well, it's time for me to make some more enemies.

So much of most peoples' political beliefs, including among people
who consider themselves to be pro-freedom, stems from false
assumptions, and from the belief in that mythical beast called
"authority."

We now scoff at the old belief in the "divine right of kings": the
notion that, by an accident of birth, someone had more rights than
other people, and had the right to forcibly control those other
people. Silly, huh? Well, that ridiculous belief is back, and it's
called "illegal immigration."

How, exactly, does someone born several THOUSANDS miles away, in
Alaska, have an inherent RIGHT to stand in El Paso, Texas, but
someone born in Ciudad Juarez, just across the river, doesn't
(without special permission from the tyrants in Washington)?

A lot changes when you lose the self-contradictory belief in
"government." A lot of concepts you accepted as self-evident
evaporate, such as country borders, citizenship, patriotism, and
nationalism. Take, for example, that imaginary line between Mexico
and the U.S. What is it? How did it get there? It is the boundary
between the dirt which one set of tyrants claims the right to rule,
and the dirt which another set of tyrants claims the right to rule.
You can wave the flag all you want, and talk about "your" country
and "patriotism," but the fact is, country boundaries are based
entirely upon the inherently bogus, arbitrary claims of the RIGHT
TO RULE made by various megalomaniacs.

You have no more "right" to be here than someone born in Zimbabwe,
or Budapest, or anywhere else. Therefore, you have no right to use
force to stop them from coming here, nor can you delegate to
someone ELSE the right to do so. To put it as bluntly as I can, ALL
"immigration laws" are 100% illegitimate, unjustifiable violence--
all of them, in every country, under any circumstances.

You can wave "laws" around, wave the Constitution around, and make
generalizations all you want, but if you forcibly stop someone who
only wants to walk from one piece of dirt to another, YOU are the
one initiating violence; YOU are the bad guy. (If, on the other
hand, the piece of dirt he wants to walk on is your own personal
property, you have the right to keep him off. But unless you
believe you personally own this entire COUNTRY, that cannot
possibly justify any "immigration" laws.)

Oddly, as often happens, in the case of immigration, FREEDOM gets
the blame for problems caused by TYRANNY. "But those dang Mexicans
come over here and get public benefits, and welfare, and free
schooling!" So which is the problem: them walking over an invisible
line, or YOUR "government"-consisting entirely of Americans-
forcibly robbing one person to give a handout to someone else?

If someone accepts stolen property, that's bad. And it's bad
regardless of where the person was born, or what imaginary lines he
has walked over. So why do Americans whine about "illegals" getting
government benefits more than they do about the millions of
American parasites doing the same thing? (I won't even bother
getting into the actual statistics on which demographic groups get
more government goodies, and which produce more for the economy,
because it's beside the point.)

And how backwards and fascist is it to have the attitude of: "Well,
you MIGHT apply for government handouts, so we're going to use
force to keep you out of this country"? Guilty until proven
innocent? Yep. Those who want to come here "legally" have to go to
great lengths to prove that they will be productive, and not a
drain on society. (Hilariously, they have to prove this to people
in "government," who themselves are nothing BUT a drain on
society.)

Mind you, I'm not saying I agree with "amnesty" for "illegals." The
only reason I don't, however, is that the people who have no right
to STOP people from coming here also have no right to give them
PERMISSION to come here, which is what "amnesty" means. People born
on this planet (or on any others, for that matter) have the right
to come here, just as much as you have the right to be here. It's a
little funny that so many people whose grandparents came here from
Europe, Africa, Asia, and so on, are now whining that Mexicans have
no right to be on this piece of dirt. (The Americans indians are
probably getting a chuckle out of that.) And don't whine about some
doing it "legally," because that makes exactly NO difference when
it comes to morality. The morality of an act does NOT depend upon
whether politicians have given it their blessing via "legislation."

As I've said before, the world looks very different when not viewed
through "authority"-colored glasses. On one hand, many things get a
lot simpler. On the other hand, you lose the intellectual cop-out
of mass violence via "government" intervention as the default
solution to all problems, whether it be poverty, crime, illiteracy,
substance abuse, or even those dadburn "furriners" coming here.
Deal with them WITHOUT initiating violence, or stop pretending to
be pro-freedom.

Sincerely,

Larken Rose
www.larkenrose.com
Wow this gave me an aneurism
The look on your face at the end was hilariously
Walls turn into prisons real quick.
That poor woman.
Transferring to TCU.  Hope I come across you next year.
You left the first womans name tag clear. Should probably blur
Go on any conservative town. "Global Warming is real. Change my mind." "Vaccines don't cause autism. Change my mind" "America does have a problem with mass shootings. Change my mind". Crowder fans as delusional as Crowder is about being a comedian.
So build the StarTrek X-ray machine, would every illegal would comply on getting scanned prior to entering? The answer is NO.
ILLEGALS and CRIMINALS by definition means they are outlaw and they think they shouldn't answer for their actions just like the rest.
Ive never thought about making them all lrgal citezens. Youd havr to do censuses like every day so itd create jobs.... idk not my stance per usual but i dont hate it
doesnt anyone feel bad for people who come to america for asylum from the dangerous places that they live? why doesnt anyone want to help them?
How the heck u kept A STRAIGHT FACE THAT WAS FUNNY you couldn't even write that
He had a chance to make some change. For god and he didnt know what to do
Wow! Go ahead and tag Mexicans like cattle or dogs......this guy is off his rocker!  I remember when a dictator tagged people, and sent them to gas chambers.....but hey what could possibly go wrong putting tags and RFID chips into humans??
Stop the welfare stop the immigration. Medical shouldnt be free or education. Also these illegals are here because Americans are employing them. You are being betrayed by your own countrymen. Fuck the wall. They tried it Germany. They got one in Israel. Walls suck.
Great ending
I was raised in Canada...ah so thats why is so polite lol.
Please film a second change my mind Build A Boarder.  We love you at Missouri State University!
The only argument against the wall is that it's extremely expensive and a waste of money
And that kids is why you don't do drugs.
that guy is talking about NWO and one world government.
YOU DID NOT BLUR THIS WOMAN'S FACE ENOUGH WHAT THE FUCK. 

She probably is going to actually go and report those people she was talking about because she seemed like she genuinely cared about her community and if they find this video I feel like they will know exactly who she is. 

Holy fuck man you didn't even blur her voice or her ID card she had on her chest. I would know who she was if she were living in my apartment if I saw this video IMMEDIATELY. This is not okay Crowder, I'm serious... I don't even think she understands how big your channel is on youtube because she leaned over and whispered that to you (seemingly) in confidence that you were the only one who would be hearing it. 

Please take this video down and edit her identity out of it A LOT more than it is now. Please.
It doesnt really matter to me being from Canada but I can understand a wall. I mean China built one thousands of years ago and they still dont have any Mexicans...
He is talking about some high tech kind of stuff that is pretty Amazing. Something maybe like in Total Recall.
All lives matter


 change my mind
That guy being interviewed is the most unintelligent and uninformed person I have ever seen
lol the he thinks we should tag the immigrants like dogs; pretty sure that could fall under the human rights violation umbrella
leans in to whisper some secrets about illegal activities 
crowder sticks microphone to her face
Last I heard the wall, by trump's campaign vision, is crazy expensive and would take a VERY long time and cross many private boundaries.

But now trump knows that and backed down from the full wall idea.
even he doesn't want to build the full wall. change his mind!
Does anyone know where he got his 37% of murders are commit by illegals? That just seems way to high to be believable.
If illegal immigrants aren't following rules now what makes this guy think they'll follow the rules once his "X-Ray" scanner system starts? haha
Fucking painful. The second guy was considerate but woefully uneducated and ignorant. We just make them citizens and tax them. TAX WHAT? They arent making any damn money to tax. The vast majority of the ones that have skills to gain them employment are getting work visas or are immigrating permanently the normal way. They arent fucking hopping the fence. Tax them... Jesus Christ... (-.-)
Oh so we just make them legal, a citizen and tax them. So Im pretty sure that if they came to America legally that would have happened already.
The wall just got 10 feet higher
Lerooooy... Mmjayngkiiiins.....
so this dude is asking for a dog tracker chip in every Mexicans coming through the border
Lol got a crowder ad
DATTTTTAAAAABAAAAAASSAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
MS13, the cartel, Surenos... yea don't see those Mexican gangs doing drugs.... cuz what else do gangs do for loads of cash? They probably sell Starwars toys for their gang related activities in America.
I always hear people say that illegals will go over or under the wall but I don't believe that those people actually thought over their own arguments. 
The problem with going over the wall is that most of the illegals that would attempt to scale the wall would need to be in excellent physical condition and this fact already reduces the number of people that are able to attempt to cross into the US. Next those people will need to bring some supplies over the wall which will also be very difficult even for a person in excellent physical condition, this also takes a considerable length of time and if there is also surveillance on the wall Boarder Patrol will easily be able to catch them before they can enter.
The tunnel argument is laughable.
Drug trafficking is the most profitable use for a tunnel, and so that will constitute the majority of the use of the tunnel. The drug cartels would not want to risk their investment of the tunnel on an enormous number of people that have no loyalties to the cartel. Other benefits of that model includes the fact that if the drugs are intercepted they will offer no clues as to where the tunnel is, and the people transporting the drugs will often times not even know where the tunnel as a way to insure that the tunnel will not be found. The drivers will only be told where the car that they are asked to drive is.
1984, totalitarian Orwellian society is what that commie wants..  ffs.  Xray Laser Tagging Wall...  lol..  Tag m and tax'm  XD
X-Ray Borders!!!! 
The guy with the recorder is like a walking, breathing social media comment
Wow. 
The City of New Mexico is in for a rocky future.
"Scientifical"
I felt bad for the first woman who was a legal immigrant.
According to the CMS, over 2/3 of illegal immigration comes from those who enter the US legally with a green card and simply overstay it.  I don't think a wall is worth it when it would only potentially stop less than 1/3 of illegal immigration.
One of the most common arguments I've heard against the wall or security measures in general is "it's too hard to get into the country legally"...seems like an irrelevant and unintelligent argument to me
Illegal immigrants commit 37 percent of of the murders???
I dont see how building the wall would stop illegal immigration as the wall would just take away one option many illegal immigrants can come over legally and just stay after their visas run out or come over by boat also how would you guard something of that size to keep it from getting tampered with to me it just seems that it just simply is not worth the cost and would just be a waste of time, resources, brain power something many of us are lacking these days  and of course tax money which I would rather see go twords our schools and infrastructure
The second guy made my day. I literally died in laughter...
The majority of South and Central American immigrants (legal) are unemployed. Not just for their first few years, but even after 25 years in the country the majority remain unemployed. Whereas Euopean and Asian immigrants have an unemplyement rate below that of US citizens.
How about "Never get two mics for this segment, Change my mind"
Digital tags? So he wants to microchip immigrants? Way to many sci-fi movies
Let's face it the second guy was about to say indivegatables instead of individuals lol
The best Wall of All  E-Verify
4:45 ROLL TRIBE
Was that guy retarded
I don't think we should build a wall, despite being Republican. 
1.  It is a waste of money. Where will we get this money from?
2. It won't have much effect. Most immigrants don't scale the border, they overstay their pass while visiting. 
3. It only creates further tension and division between us and Mexico. 
4. The liberals are going to protest this day and night, causing problems, burning and breaking things, etc. 

So building a wall is a useless idea in my opinion, and is just a waste of time, effort and money with too many consequences to be worth it.
Wow this guy is a soup sanwich.just a mess  All over the place. X ray boarder, who will pay for this shit. That's expensive bro,way more so than a concrete wall
Some people dont want a wall just so they dont have to agree with trump...pricks
You have to do this topic again
I'm a liberal and I couldn't listen to the Spanish guy without cringing.
http://www.rightlensnews.com/2018/06/we-cannot-support-pro-choice-candidates.html
Dude def. watched Reporte de Minrity  a few too many times....
You know what, he changed my mind, An X-ray wall sounds way cooler than a boring old concrete one
G  O      G  R  E  E  N      G  L  O  B  A  L
Just wow. This guy has a firm grasp dont he now ? How do you keep from cracking up there Steve
Illigal imigration seems to be a isue, yet a wall seems extremely ineficient ofa solution.
I get the idea the hopeful governor, but I've still got a few hang-ups. 
1. We're still building something across the whole border. 
2. If there isn't a physical ID, we're talking chipping people. Which means we have to involuntarily eChip people, which means we'd have to chip everyone.
I dont what the scientifical word is!!!!   These are the people who are defending the opposition! They cant even properly talk!!
Word of the day..."scientifical"
I lost brain cells listening to this guy
So sad . These dumb fuck s are just puppet voters they have  no clue about facts or anything . Just ramble buckshot they have been spoon fed
I could change your mind. First of all its probly a bad thing to say that we will build a wall that will take 20 years to do unless you trashed millions perhaps billions. Are there any plans yet proposing costs or are we assuming trump will get Mexico to pay for it? 

Im against the wall because the drugs and weapons are much more commonly dished out to populations of civilians by big Pharma and Weapons dealers. Once we consider the act of using a drug like the prescription drugs as being wrong as a moral stand point and we re visit the statistical data to include consideration of the real % of drugs being sold to the people. We do that we see we have a much bigger internal issue than a wall. Im all for keeping our at-15s but buddy is it not true every rampage sprit shooter is on psychoactive drugs? Every single last one of them? Is it Columbias cocaine that seems to be a common thread among sprit shooters or is it psychoactive drugs sold by the faction flying under the flag and protection of law? Whos the bigger problem? Get to the root of school shootings or deal with the beans?
Where does this 37% of murders are illegals come from? I can't find any evidence of this.
So assuming the wall is an effective strategy in preventing illegal immigration from Central and South America, the real question then is, who would pay for it? Trump stated Mexico would, however they said they won't, so then should the US taxpayer still pay for it? Would pro Trumpers still consider that a victory or a renege?
10:53 
So the Spanish guy just wants a higher tech border?
Also, "scientifical". Lmao
These people are FUCKING ILLITERATE.  They literally don't get it.  They can't.
The NM governor hasnt thought at all
Wow that last guy was painful to listen to...
I just lost brain cells because of the guy with the camera
I love that she has that plant.
Im a pencil. Change my mind
Gotta say Steven, been a little disappointed with a few of the last Change My Minds. You haven't been really challenging their positions. Admittedly I haven't gotten a chance to watch the whole of the latest '2 genders', but for example when you were on campus discussing socialism. You let the kid make his talking points, pointed them out in your handbook, and sent him on his way. With the wall, you let this guy just talk and talk, but don't challenge his points. HOW do we tax them? WHAT entry points if there are no borders? Etc.
We've heard all of these talking points before, they're nothing new to us. IMO what really made this show shine was you changing their minds, not the other way around.
EDIT: Having gotten to watch the whole of 2 Genders Pt 2, that was phenomenal. You countered points and challenged.
Dude had 3 years to think about it and thats the best idea he could come up with???
Wow this guy is a Fuckn genius. Tag people, scientifical, we cant stop it, but no wall
That guy is the male immigrant version of a dumb blonde
Man the media has totally succeeded is making total idiots of the population.these idiots read some Facebook feeds and a few min of CNN and boom that's all it takes.our generation is total freaking garbage. millennial gen
Who needs a wall?? The cages for children are working fine while we waste tax dollars prosecuting people that will be deported anyway.
Build That Wall
Walls never work and never last.   Great Wall of china built for defense to keep criminals out, in time it fell.   Berlin Wall built to separate two governing parties who thought criminal of the other, and it fell.   So, all the motivation now would be to use tax payers money for fat greedy politicians.
As soon as this dude opened his mouth I knew he was from New Mexico.
Id really like to see you debate someone who actually knows what theyre talking about ...most of these people seem borderline retarded
worst interviews ever
Just call this talking to idiots
You know they're all sub 80 IQ, right?
I guess I am surprised that you are for the wall. It seems inhumane to me
Word of the day: Scientifical (adj). A word used by morons to sound more intelligent than another person who has them on the spot. 
I am extremely more scientifical than you.
50% of people are below 100 IQ. This women is in that category.
Make a part 2
These people are straight up morons
Lool second guy on some good sniff
White t-shirt guy seems smart enough until he started saying the stuff about no boarders in the future. And that with technology, people will be travelling super fast or whatever he said. I think he watches too much t.v. How much faster can people travel? Unless Star Trek is actually real and we can beam/transport ourselves..
Isn't there movies about numbering people and past history  that shows they number people to get rid of freedoms?
THE EARTH IS ROUND! change my mind
Wow. The stupid.
Scientifical????
Although I'm against building an even bigger wall than we already have, the people opposing the wall cleary don't have their facts in order. If you just want to "make" people pass the exam to become a US citizen, then youre just pushing people through and thinking it's gonna work out. I don't feel like extending the existing wall will do much but I also feel that these opposing ideas are useless and not well thought out.
Mexico has a southern border wall. you cant tax a illegal because they have noID #s you cant do shit but put them in jail and use Tax $ to feed and house them. we don't send mexico the bill to house and feed all the illegals from that country. we need to shoot to kill the drug smugglers and the coyote people smugglers bomb their tunnels and know routes of travel. shoot to kill and the message will get across and it will stop.
Globalists would love that guy's plans...
second interview is coked out.
Well everybody knows that if you try to build a wall, Mongolians are gonna come and tear it down.
If I understood correctly what Leroy was saying, he was basically proposing that we microchip people like dogs so that big brother government can monitor people going in and out of the country. I think that the cost of maintain such a project would exceed that of making a structure that would chanel in and out flow of individuals to specific locations.
Here's your answer
The wall is not cost effective in the end.
biggest reason why not to build the wall is because of the environmental disruption it would cause.
I definitely lost a few brain cells listening to this
hey man big fan of your show, but man oh man these two had some real weird arguments, i personally dont support a wall but i also dont support the arguments these guys proposed. i  immigrated into this country and i know it was really difficult. i dont want to write out some crazy essay for the comment trolls but i support your opinion and i hope someone brought some real conversation to the table because as someone who has been involved in the immigration system i gotta say man, its not as easy as most people think. either way thanks for putting out a platform for conversation, keep up the great work. maybe ill see you in boston someday, wether is one of the many many topics we agree on or one of the few we dont.
"Scientifical"
Do people know that illegal immigrants don't work tax paying jobs? They have kids so they can get 5 years or what ever it is to stay?  Do people know we pay them money out of our taxes for food stamps and other aid?
you should do this again.
Lol I wanna be a state governor, but I don't know what it takes to be a citizen nowadays, and it's been a few months since I've kept up with the news
shes snitching lol
Yeah, just make them citizens - just pass them on their test. We've already lower the standard for testing in this country and they hire people who don't even qualify for the job. How is that working out for his right now? This guy doesn't understand that if you give illegal immigrants your job, then what job are you going to get? If you're already at a low paying job and they hire someone to pay them less what does that tell you? Next thing they're going to tell you to go to college and get a degree so you can get a better job but then they're going to give those people who are illegal immigrants free pass to free education while you have to pay for it. If they get free education and a free degree what incentives do you have as an American citizen? So now you graduate from college $60,000 in debt and yet you still can't get the job you want but yet they graduate college with no negative dollar amount in their account and they get the job they want. Is this making any sense to any of you people? This is a logical most of these people and it won't end.
Did this kid find the "Time Masheen" from the Idiocracy future?
I love these! Keep them going Crowder!
My favorite part with Leroy was him saying that he has tought about this for 3 years. No, we can't possibly have the same definition of the word thought. It's just not possible.
mine field. far cheaper and more effective. armed snipers every 2 miles with shoot on site orders. only a few people would be shot before they stopped trying. find and blow up their tunnels with airplanes with ground penetrating radars and Jdams.
Arguing With Retards should be the name of this segment.
Steven you should do I'm Anti-Porn and/or Pro-abstinence. It would be amazing. God bless you. :)
Building a wall doesn't fix problems in Mexico.
Could you please cover the issue where migrant kids are being separated from their parents? Because I am so confused and have no idea what is really going on!
This kid brought a great argument and back up his points with great thinking for a secure border in the US and the control of imigration. Open the right path and the people wont have to do it illegally but will want to work to be legal and show they want to be here and they just want a better life to live  peacefully and they want to give back to this great country that we live in. Great argument and crowder was stubborn to not want to accept it haha the kid changed his mind haha even thoe he was embarrassed to say it haha.  what a fool ! Haha.
YOURE TRENDING
Build the wall!
Veto the upcoming Despacito 2
             Change my mind
back at it again with the checkered vans
I dont really care if they build this wall. It wont work. 

but mexico wont pay thats for sure
The x-ray border hahahaha tracking people all over the country is the opposite of freedom. Thats whats happening in fascist regimes like North Korea where you have checkpoints in between citys. Painful to watch
Both of their accents sounded off. I don't believe any of this
awesome opinion of two morons
Build the X-ray border. Change my mind
Should I jack off tonight?... Change my mind.
This is painful that there arent properly educated arguments against your position. Its easy to argue with people that havent done the research which is why this works in your favour. That doesnt make you right though.... (but it doesnt make you wrong).

It also begs the question as to whether you pick the debates that you win to make the final cut. Just frustrating, because although Im not American and Im not fully aware of this issue, I can tell by the way your guests talk they are not people that stand any chance of beating someone with knowledge, biased or not.
Oh Steven! I'm gonna guess NO ONE tried to change your mind.
What surprised me most is I saw adds...
An X-ray gate tracker while you go through the border, but borders are going to become the past?  Firstly, X-rays don't work like that.  Second of all, I don't want our citizens to be tracked!  We are not wildlife with RFID tags.  Leave us alone!  The people who break into the country are a problem.  I have no problem with someone who has legally immigrated.  I have a lot of great friends that are legal immigrants.

What is this dude talking about?  He thinks he knows way more than he really does.  Keeping track of millions of people is hard!  I don't want a full-blown wall, but I want people to crack down.

Even if they do pay taxes, it costs legal citizens WAY more to pay for their healthcare.
Sheesh im Hispanic and both of these people are so clueless lol
Hes seemed nice enough.    But holy shit hes a moron.  Lmfao
Can you make the next video "Women don't get paid less than Men"?
That guy was fucking exhausting.
The only relevant question. Does a country have a right to determine who does and doesn't come into its borders? Anyone who says no is a fucking anarchist.
IQ = Cabbage level
He described a border ahahha
Just because you think it is going to happen does not make it so.

5-10 years this guy thinks borders will end.

I will wager him a months salary the exact opposite happens.

America has a culture as well pal, and it is not Mexico. It will get worse until it doesn't. That does not might be a very brutal thing.
Build an x Ray wall? 10:20
Dont build a wall thats a waste of money didnt you see Mexico score against Germany they will find a way a crack and get in instead put a microchip on everyone in the country and if you dont have the chip you cant buy nada and it kills 2 birds with one stone immigration and those religious lemmings
The guy proposed a wall from futurama
X ray border? 
This dude is a fucking idiot
Why would I want to change your mind? If you enjoy being on the wrong side of history, go for it.  People will be able to watch your videos in a century and laugh. This time, contrarily to most of your topics where you choose to stand behind an history that has already passed and set its foot in the ground, you are talking about something that might in fact really happen: the famous Mexico Wall. But it will surely be taken down like the Berlin Wall in less than 100 years when there will be more residents of south american origins in USA than of any other origin. I think what you are is some kind of sophisticated bully,  or a gentleman bully. Your topics are often about your non-acceptance of people that think differently from you, while the whole point of post-modernity was to shout: who cares? You do you and ima do me, capice? I don't think this current trend of conservatives will last because it is strongly supported by the baby boomers (who have recently retired and now found time to go vote). Increasingly you are not going to recognize the world you live in.  You could then opt to live in Russia.
Why don't we all leave america and leave lefties /feminist stay alone in America under their rules . Trust me , it will be fun watching them getting raped from illegal EMIGRANTS  or die for food .
Why didnt we build a wall in the canadian border so crowder could not come over here
You chose to interview the most retarded individuals 
Is not gay Jared wearing a Fanny pack?
The wall is a dumb idea.  If we really wanted to prevent illegal immigration we would simply charge employers with a crime when they did not use e-verify.  Folks would leave organically. 
Instead, America is going for the money grab and is putting illegal immigrants in detainment centers run by private corporations (...and we're putting ankle bracelets on them too).  Do your homework- this was planned years ago.
Im 110% against the wall, but this kids arguments are not helping the cause at all. Xray points? What? Basically hes suggesting chipping people. LOL
I could argue against the wall.
That dude whos for open boarders is very ignorant.
Saw a CRTV ad on this video lol
Dont build the wall because Mexico is the only friend that will support you or help you remember Katrina what country send the army with a lot of food and supplies and left the country vulnerable to be attacked yes Mexico just to help the people that lost everything and they didnt got any thank you from the USA they risk their country protection just to help what USA had to deal by him self
Please do PRO LIFE
"You know Star Trek, let's just do that. Transporters and bio-sign scans. I'll contact the mastermind 'The-Q' to run the kinks out, then I'll run for governor."
FIKN STUPID.. AS MOST WITH MONEY CROSS FROM " CANADIAN SOIL ". THE 3 FOOT HIGH FENCE,, REALLY SAYS IT ALL...
"I'm from Spain" my ass haha that dude mexican af
Crowder i agree with most of your points opinions in these videos  but building a wall just seems like a waste of money to me. And sure, it will slow down the process of illegal immigration, but it sure as hell wont stop it. I definitely am not for illegal immigration, i just dont think this is the solution. More security, yes, but not a literal wall. (Ps, all those illegal immigrants asking for respect is ridiculous. You're here illegally. Try becoming a citizen and then maybe ill rrspect you.)
4:15
Trump:"When Mexico sends its people, they're not sending their best. They're not sending you. They're not sending you. They're sending people that have lots of problems, and they're bringing those problems with us. They're bringing drugs. They're bringing crime. They're rapists. And some, I assume, are good people." He was talking about Mexico NOT Mexicans.....there are many people from Central America in Mexico that ARE criminals that Mexico does not want.
The pure idiocy coming from these peoples mouths are the average people voting in this country
Pretty easy to debate unprepared randoms on the street
woke woke, derp derp derp, woke derp, derp woke, wokey derpy woke derp derp....
Spaceforce change my mind
Shoot them full of xrays and give them cancer cause that's more humane than a wall.
That guy is a Moron. I feel dumber having listened to him.
Full retard
Can we get a gofundme started to get a new van for Steven!?
I have come to the conclusion a lot of Americans are either misinformed or uneducated.
It took him 3 years to come up with that.

Our education system is crying.
Damnit Congress, get Leroy out to D.C. to start planning the X-Ray border already!
So.. he wants to microchip human beings? Or was I misunderstanding him?
I love how he says he doesn't want a wall, then turns around with 1984 big brother police state shit, "people's numbers", "scanners", facial recognition, etc. The wall would be cheaper than that shit and not sci-fi.
I disagree with the wall itself for multiple reasons... 1, it as a whole (including guards, building, maintenance, etc. ) is way too expensive and there could be better ways to use our tax money to stop illegal immigration. 2, I care about our wildlife and the wall would seriously disrupt wildlife immigration patterns.
This was hard to watch lol. Good job Steven
I dont understand why people are so against having a wall at the border.. Isnt there already a wall there???
Even Trump don't pay his taxes. His unpaid taxes can fund all of Mexico... don't drag immigrants for unpaid taxes (even if they dont pay taxes for the next 100 years it still would not match up to the amount of unpaid taxes from the wealthy)... 
What I don't understand is the hypocrisy of these leaders and why people choose to support such hypocritical people (I'm not a Hillary supporter either I might add) 

If Trump wants to build a fking wall, he better build it with his own unpaid tax money. Don't expect citizens of America or Mexico to fund that useless project.
It's simple if the law was followed.....Every politician running for POTUS had a firm position on this, but Trump is actually doing something about it.
If he's gonna be the governor of New Mexico, then I'm going to be the queen of England.
After watching that, I now support Wakanda. 
dude doesn't even know what an X-RAY is, talking about building X-RAY border. WTF Go Green lol
there is no need for borders 30 sec later: give them passports, make them citizens.

dreamer in a nutshell
We want more of these... the unwashed masses demand it!
Dudes speaking way too fast, hes probably high on adderall
Im not Mexican

Yes you are. Lol
StevenCrowder. Do you support an belive in a literal wall, Or the idea of it?
That dude from new Mexico is a hypercaffeinated retard
The fuck we need a wall for when everyone knows they coming in through tunnels 
The fact that we have to explain why ILLEGAL immigration is bad is a huge red flag...
Jesus, it just physically hurts me to think these people can vote.
I feel so sorry for the woman who seemed so afraid to ask for help doing what she felt was "the right thing." Hopefully she is able to find some assistance. Keep up the good work Steven, and I can't wait for the next Change My Mind.
That guy made me lose several brain cells
I hope that dude was just really high for his sake as a human. I wish I could use the wrong word as much as this guy does
Taxation is theft #changemy mind
The second guy was trying to solve the problem by assuming that everyone, everywhere has an RFID chip implanted in them and when you pass the border your chip is scanned. How the hell is tagging people with RFID chips (which means that you can pretty much track them everywhere as long as you have scanners) better and more humanitarian than a fucking wall? Do you really want to give any government a taste of such power?
WHy do you keep doing interviews with unintelligent people? Why not ask an authority on immigration? Most people that are in US illegally are here via Air Plane. They overstay their visa.  SO that wall will need to be damn high lol
"I don't want a wall!!!! I want microchips and X-Ray machines instead!!!!"

Holy shit we're fucked.
I'm from Santa Fe NM and I say get them out 
But the thing is that there is no need to spend millions on a wall when there are already fences around the border. Why are you talking as if there is NO BORDER between america and mexico when there are? Security is also tough as hell already. There is already a border, don't waste tax money on that Drumph Wall.
I'm a cheap prick who cant afford it, But I'm always telling people to watch and subscribe! Still pissed that subscribing through youtube does nothing. Notifications work.
2 millions subs is a bit concerning.
A couple years ago when the first libtard politicians were saying we should be building bridges not walls and other similar emotional arguments, I Googled do any countries have border walls or are building them?...WOW, was I surprised, if it was left to our MSM and liberal Dems & RINOs, youd believe that ONLY American isolationists favor border security let alone WALLS! Turns out that there are over 68 countries with walls of various kinds and another 32 were in the construction or planning stages! Geeze...cant we all just get along?  Nope, I have a fence around my property for a reason...my RIGHT to protect and KEEP what is mine, my fence (border) delineates the enter at your own peril zone, helps keep honest people HONEST and makes it quicker to easily identify those who have no respect for the law or BORDERS ...lines of demarcation that only are crossed by those who have no respect for the rights of others. If you ignore the signs that declare that, If you are found here at night...youll be found here in the morning, you do so by informed risk...not understanding English is not a valid excuse for ignoring the obvious universally understood symbolism of what fences and walls represent...NO ENTRY WITHOUT PERMISSION!!  Its really not that difficult, if you aint invited...stay the fuck out, or there are very grave consequences to face.
Both of them seem to believe that "The Wall" is supposed to go across the main roads and stop all travel between countries.
Dolphins are just gay sharks. Change My Mind.
I believe the wall is more of a statement than a practical means of stemming the flow of illegals.
Mr. Trejo, what you have just said is one of the most insanely idiotic things I have ever heard. At no point in your rambling, incoherent response were you even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought. Everyone on YouTube is now dumber for having listened to it.
he basically was saying he wants a border......... but doesn't wtf. i think people think the term border now a days means that everyone is going to get deported and we hate mexico and blah blah blah, no, all we want is a secure border to know whos coming in and out, why is that so difficult. Every country has a border and has a right to know who is here
Drugsuhh
A wall would be a deterrent but not a barrier for people who want to enter the country.

Plain and simple, in the world we live today, walls dont mean much anymore, there are many ways to bypass them, above ground, underground, by air, by sea, etc

The manpower behind a wall of such length would be gigantic, so you also have to take into account that as well.
He wants to put up death wall all over the place. Microwaves kill dna.
Naah, make another video on the same topic. Didn't learn much from this one.
LMAO CLUELESS AF
does i did come stupid
The Great Wall of China is racist
Wow!
I love the intro. hahaha
The guy filming himself is coming up with ideas that "other people" have to figure out. Like if you have an idea create the solving yourself.
Build the wall and deport them ....now!  They don't put into the system as much as they take out!
Make them become citizens  holy moly. They dont do it now why would they then
Pants...?
Poor guy they had on didnt know what he was talking about
Don't build a normal wall, build a super high tech wall that scans the DNA of trespassers and tracks their movements. I like the way he thinks.
that first woman was as smart as a toothpick. I guess the plant in the 2 liter bottle gave it away...
Two bozos off the street. Building a wall is idiotic, plain and simple. Is that really the most effective way to deal with this issue? Its a suggestion youd expect from a child.
Steven Crowder is a douchebag. Change my mind.
What does a hugely expensive wall do that a large fence doesnt? Put that money into schools & teachers.
Wow I think this was the start of that guys campaign lol
Building the wall is nothing more than a waste of money.
The wall will hurt us more than help us.
Why did you even interview that first guy?? His position was very "scientifical".
Im not opposed to the wall because of what people think its for... Im against it because of the ridiculous cost for something that will be ineffective.
We shouldn't build the wall because it's not fiscally conservative. Instead, we should end the welfare state and the drug war. This will help eliminate the incentive for welfare leaches and criminals to illegally immigrate to America.
Lol. So... I won't be voting for him if he runs for governor of NM
RFID for everyone! Sounds like fun!
That guy was a moron
She sounded hammered
I'm not even for the wall but I had to stop watching because of cringe
What is a wall gonna do? Most people who enter the country just outstay their visa. They enter legally they just stay illegally.
A physical wall is pointless but a invisible X-ray wall that will only work if they use RFID tags will totally work.
I'm pretty sure that guy's final solution would be to implant all humans with GPS tracking devices.  And he'll want to torch the Constitution while he's at it.
Yo Crowder, I like your vids...but what is the point of blurring her face if I can see her picture on the badge she is wearing. Just saying.
I know I should be sad that people are this stupid nowadays but I'm too busy laughing lol
A wall is an extremely poor use of resources and time, a bit like all the wars the US has been fabricating since forever. The US government and agencies have been trafficking drugs from Mexico for decades, I wouldn't be surprised if Mexican authorities are controlled by US based agencies. Why not have some sort of mutual contract between countries allowing for an increased window of economical opportunity? Because the system is rigged boys and girls. Creating division is important to a minority controlling a majority, if you don't understand the art of war let alone the power of unity then I suggest researching into some more "conspiratorial" matters.
How are you suposed to put up an "Xray gate" without a wall to put up the gate?
X-RAY BORDERZZZ
Walls work two ways Crowder. Keeping people out and keeping people in. There will be a time when people will want to leave this place after our currency has been debased completely , and when Ped0fila has been normalized. Good luck getting out if the Wall is up.
I love how the solution too a wall was make them take tests and become citizens like legal people immigrating have done for 70 years LOL. The wall isnt for those people lol
Why people think they can just enter a country and do whatever the F they want is way beyond me.
wow that was a wild ride from start to finish rofl
10:54 made me spit out my coffee laughing. The look on his face when he realized he was advocating for a border wall, 
X RAY BORDERS
10:54 made me spit out my coffee laughing. The look on his face when he realized he was advocating for a border wall, 
Im Mexican American family has been in Cali Texas and Arizona for generations I think only   Criminal immigrants regardless of being Mexicans or any other race of immigrants should be sent back. More importantly the European criminal immigrants these politicians should set an example and deport criminals immigrants closer to their original culture and homeland
Click on the video get an ad about this video... :D
Steven this is so unfair 

You couldve just asked them

Well do you lock your doors at night?
As a left leaning person on many issues I am not entirely against the idea of some sort of border reinforcement, but the logistics of it such as cost to build, extreme use of eminent domain, fact that it wouldn't prevent underground tunnels, fact that it would be very difficult to make it span sections of water effectively on the border, and maintenance cost associated with it all lead me to be opposed to the idea being implemented, also there is literally no chance in hell Mexico would pay for it.
This mythical wall lol
Ha I have that shirt @ 0:18
Scientifical Haha
I like the shorter more edited style of this one.
We do do what this kid says with LEGAL IMMIGRANTS, but we gotta curb it or would we be over populated. Hence we must stop illegal immigration.
The wall is a waste of money. Citing the "current year" is a non-argument. However, in our modern-day society we have things like airplanes and boats. Don't forget ladders and ropes. The wall is not only expensive, but highly symbolic.

The solution to this problem lies in the cause of the problem. The people who are coming here do so for a few reasons.

One of those reasons may revolve around government corruption. Dealing with the governments who create these environments would be a good start. It's akin to telling your neighbor to mow their lawn. Get your government together so that people aren't fleeing in terror and risking their lives to get here.

Another reason is FINANCIAL INCENTIVE. One important question to answer is WHO is giving them financial incentive.

Farmers, businessmen, and the wealthy [like Trump], who do not want to pay an American living wage. It seems that they're reaping the benefits of this labor, and then throwing those illegal immigrant workers under the bus when they're done with them.

Taking those who provide incentive and holding their feet to the fire, and even fining them, would be a great start. Unfortunately, this will never happen, for the wealthy tend to not punish the wealthy. If they did, then America would have locked up a lot of bankers a decade ago.

If America ends up getting a wall, then you can bet that the wealthy will be installing doors for added convenience.

Would YOU pick lettuce for what they earn? I'm sure they couldn't even afford to buy lettuce for what they are paid. It's back-breaking work, and I don't know anyone who would do it for what they are paying.

Maybe they'll turn to child labor and pay them cash. Who knows.

In summary, corrupt governments need to be addressed, and the wealthy need to be informed that it is no longer acceptable to hire illegals and to give them incentives to come here.

Corrupt governments don't address other corrupt governments, and the wealthy do not punish others who are wealthy. So what we'll end up getting is a very expensive symbolic gesture that is a wall.
The second guy was an imbecile, but he accidentally made a good point.  In places where drugs are legal, the average local isn't smoking pot or doing lines of coke regularly.  Waste of time policing anything but very destructive drugs.
I stayed in canada to long, they arrested me. Go figure.
13:17 fucking lol. You trying to to a Jim Halpert there?
he has to be trolling us
X-ray border? 
If we don't need a wall at our northern boarder we don't need one at our southern boarder.
Why is this one so short ?
Not Gay Jared with crossed arms and aviators might be the best security money can buy.
X-ray border? .... yeah ok, vote for Pedro! Next person please!
Kick your ass... change my mind.  lol
Building a wall with your ass sounds difficult
10:43 Well now this is just cringy...
No way that was all of it
The last guy has a few brain cells working.
Mr. Crowder I have just recently found your videos and blogs by chance, but since I have I want you to know that you are truly amazing and since I have not missed a video or episode. America needs more people like you fighting for what true freedom is, you stand up for what is right and do it better than anyone else. Thank you for what you do truly is awesome having someone who says what needs to be said.
Congrats on 2 million subscribers!
 what the???? This guy is off?
The argument on this episode is that you found the dingiest dong of the ding dongs. RFID I think is that the future govenor is talking about. Geeeez, where do I find this guy on the world wide web?
I'm against the wall only because most immigrants come in right through the boarders already established through fake identities or bribery. What we really need is stricter laws against immigrants caught exiting the country illegally, and better security guarding the border.
How much you want to bet the one guy was an illegal.
I wanna know what he's smoking.  He must have some good shit. What  home boy wants sounds way worse than a wall.
Ok the guy in the video is completely lost. He suggests a wall but it's an X-Ray wall, which would probably significantly more expensive lol. Also, you can't just tax those people coming in and say the economy is better because many people are poor coming in and they'll hit the system for expenses more than they'll pay in. That's terrible economic policy and it shows why so many people are out of touch who oppose the idea for reformed immigration. It needs to happen fast before things deteriorate further in the US.
plain and simple. everyone protects themselves
in houses with walls and doors and locks.
It's NOT racist to protect and love your country.
EVERY other country does. Get real.
Illegal is illegal
a lot of people break laws that they think aren't fair/right.
they are called criminals. ALWAYS were.
#Arabs4Trumpever
#AmericansDestroyingTheirOwnCountry
Ok but you don't actually support building the wall right?
With no borders the us becomes Latin America.
Just realized Crowder passed 2M subscribers! Congrats,
"Let them in and tax them"....wtf?!? You think we have the top 1% crossing over? These fuckers are broker than shattered glass. 

Putting that aside this guy isnt a serious contender in a debate like this. If anything please put up someone more experienced/logical.
These idiots.....Why do we have to put up with these idiots. We got one dude who says do away with borders and have the mark that I refuse to take because he thinks we need it.  This is going to end up really bad.
this butt hurt nerd wishes he was milo lol  see what I did
The way you frame your "debates" makes me think that all is staged. In my opinion, US has the right to build any wall they want but is stupid to ask for other countries to pay for it. Massive immigration phenomenon is very complicated and is extremely naive to think that a wall is going to fix it or change it. The idea of the wall fools people to vote for Trump and many are buying it.
The outside yelling/comments really brings bad light the the Mexicans...smh you should know better.
What changed my mind is how dumb people are (the second guy ......) & do not make anybsence when they talk and are soooo miss informed....my grandparents came here legally from Italy I have no problem with people coming into the country but do it legally. The end,..... and do away with Sanctuary cities,need to be stricter......
Space cop test pilot for sure.
Well, Im not entirely opposed to some kind of X-Ray wall. Perhaps one that might incinerate anyone who crosses illegally.. 
Trash
"I'm Spanish" Erm no hun, you're not.
Don't stop with the wall. Lay down a MINEFIELD. One blast, and that will get the would-be illegals' attention real quick.
Would love you to come back in quebec for one of these, could be nice ^^
Even though Crowder brings up legitimate points, it's hard to view this as fair debates due to the lack of people that contain knowledge on the topic. This just feels cheap.
What a great idea... lets all get chipped so the GOVERNMENT can tract us where ever we go... What "LIBERTY"...
That future governor of New Mexico was absolutely ridiculous.....basically the summary of what he saying is, "I don't know what any of the criteria is for anything but let's make illegal immigrants legal and tax them because reasons.  We will also use tech from Star Trek that will be available in five to ten years.".  His level of education is terrifying.
you cant tag peoples body's and setup scanners to track there movements an stuff that could be used to horrible corruptible effect by a corrupt government an risk enslavement of people. anything you force on people really goes against freedom as a whole.
Dogs are better than cars
Change my mind
"Like" "ya know" "um" ........ signs of idiocy
A world with open borders would be insanity and chaos. Each country would slowly fall 1 by 1 and the citizens will flee to the nearest safe space. These safe spaces will become limited and there will be one nation ( probably Texas, which should be its own nation or Australia)  that will have a border and people living in peace. This retarded Spanish dude is living in a fantasy world, he seems to just want drugs. He clearly loves taking drugs.
No border control and instead install an X-ray machine and illegal immigrants walk through it. HELLO dumbass, fucking low IQ. He is trying to sound smart but when he talks he has no clue, no sir you wont even make as a local council lol let along a governor of New Mexico. Lol that kids is what we call school brainwashing, when your teachers tells you you can be whatever you want to be this guy really believes that.
she says loan shark "money lending" not "money laundering"
Okay, let's weigh in on this.

Crowder, illegal immigrants are not intimidating the legal ones.  The broken system that is being used to deport illegal ones is negatively effecting the legal ones with families and friends.  You gloss over this like it's a non-issue, unfortunately, due to things like, i don't know, morals, it is.

You know what's even worse?  Saying that the wall is an "encouragement for citizenship".  Never before has this worked, and it won't work this time, the only way this is going to go is a violent path where people end up getting shot or arrested at the border.  Do you want to know why?  Because illegal immigrants weren't able to get citizenship in the first place, that's why they're illegal.  A wall is going to solve their problems and they're going to get magical citizenship from thin air I suppose, I mean fine, get rid of them, but more will still come and try, resulting in violence.

And where are the funds for this wall coming from exactly?  I guess healthcare for all is a stupid evil socialist concept, but a wall, that will cost billions to build and billions more to maintain and patrol is a good use of money?  Sounds great!!

Talking of money, what is the economical impact going to be on the country when you get rid of all those illegal immigrants taking the jobs you don't want?  You do realise that illegal immigrants, if anything, are taken advantage of by businesses.  They're literally referred to as the building blocks of your economy man! 
- https://digitalcommons.chapman.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1001&context=honors_student_work

Maybe I'm getting too worked up here, but my god!  Really?  Really?  You want to build a wall?  To what end?  This isn't the middle fucking ages!  I suppose you're going to start throwing hot oil over the top next yeah?  That'll stop them!   Maybe then they'll be able to get the citizenship which you're making nearly impossible to get!  This 'Encouragement for citizenship' line is simply a cover for the dark truth, if they leave, they won't have the chance to legally become a citizen, and part of me thinks that you would be just fine with that.

P.S.  Change my mind?  You never intended to change your mind, you just want to 'win' the debate - against unprepared people.
The guy with the white shirt had the spirit of antichrist in him. He essentially was on the verge of proposing constant global citizen location monitoring by means of an electronic tag "mark of the beast"
Vote for leroy for governor of New Mexico!!!!! Lmao
Dude building the wall is retarded and too costly just annex mexico lol
The leftists ruined Incredibles 2.
I live in Canada and couldn't believe on how many illegals there and coming in plus the messed up situation of people hiring illegals which effects allot of things and how much money it costs to deal with it all, so maybe a wall is good in the long run
Im not trying to argue, but how much would a wall cost us and how much would it cost the USA. 
Why dont we use the wall money to overthrow central americas regimes and place a leader that will benefit his  country and our country? 

(Lets have a peaceful adult conversation)
They was seriously nobody with a better argumentation than that ?
The last one was a Dreamer poor guy.
I have respect for the 2nd guy but he's has no idea what to say
The Governor. Of New Mexico. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OoZ1-xPbNHg
Yes lets have an x-ray machine that scans 2000 miles of border. Scanning what exactly... Their tiny Mexican d*cks?
90% certain the guy was high. Next stop, buy munchies
Wow. That second guy.
Open borders with a check point  this dude was trying SO hard though
This dude is an idiotah...
That was fucking painful. Gonna go shoot myself now.
I'm a Mexican/American, I've lived in both countries and I can simply tell that building a wall is just throwing money away, most illegals cross to the USA legally, because they have visas and they legally get their permits, they just never go back to their country. The drugs coming to the USA are either coming through the border or below it.

 I used to cross every day to go to work when I was living in Mexico, waiting in line 1 to 3 hours, for 4 years, and I think I saw like 3 or 4 people jumping the border (well, trying,  fortunately the BP's were able to catch them).

It would be awesome if a simple wall could stop the overflow of illegals, but most come legally. And drugs usually come from narco tunnels.
I think you should to a change my mind that is a complete lie. Just make up statistics and see what you get.
If he truly think support the wall I will be unsubbing from this channel
That spanish guy is definitely mentally deficient...
That guy from NM is a clueless dumbass. He'd make a great governor of NM. 
The enemy is so dumb
Maybe let some like... smart people like.. you know. 
Trump: I'm a stable genius.
FUCKING MORON! lol
A wall wouldn't stop the majority of illegal immigrants that enter the us. Most of them come via air plane and over stay their Visa. http://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2015/sep/08/jorge-ramos/ramos-40-undocumented-immigrants-come-air/
A wall could stop some but it would waste tax payer money.
That dude is hella Mexican!!! Lmao "I'm not Mexican"... "I'm from Spain".. 
Lol he wants to be a Governor. I think he needs a few more IQ points.
That dumb fuck about to have an anxiety attack
This video was weak. These couldnt be the best arguments against the wall.
Once again there is a lot of poorly informed individuals and some of those with really badly thought out ideas on this subject.
Wow.. worse episode I've ever watched. Neither one was articulate enough to express a fully coherent thought.
proper scientifical x-ray
.
Just LOL at this
US citizens don't care to support businesses that hire only US citizens, so there will always be a demand for illegal immigrants as they provide cheap labor.  Much like the situation with the drug war, there is so much demand for drugs that attempting to rid the country of them will not work.  There are far too many US citizens who either want illegal immigrants here or don't really care for the wall to work.  Ultimately it will just make the illegal immigrants that make it here slightly less cheap, increasing the cost of their services across the country, but probably not enough to stop hiring them.
Lol when you're facing a retard you let him rant on for minutes on end without a single interruption but when you face someone like Youssef who schools you, you interrupt him every 2 seconds and then go on to say that he speaks in paragraphs.
Love the shorts
Narcissist...
Hahaha
Respect Steven, a pro at navigating incoherent rambling.
Please do a Change my mind Episode about Police Brutality. I assume youre pro-police like a sane human above the IQ of 8.
The wall is a waste of fucking money. Better laws are all that is needed.
im losing brain cells at a super fast scientifical rate
This kid listens to the Joe Rogan podcast a little too much...
CRAZY!
That X-ray border guy is on some type of drug
The first guy is so stupid, it pissed me off
I feel so bad for this women.  She seems terrified. It's horrifying that she's afraid to speak out against  criminals. Nobody should have to fear their neighbors, with no recourse to keep their children and families safe.
Why do people say " we can't deport them all "b.s. it would be a lot cheaper. They get welfare money, healthcare, and housing. Plus they cheat on income taxes and get thousands per person.
So she whispers a secret in your ear, and you subtitle it. LoL! 
Wow !! The guy is totally against borders and thinks we should all move about freely, but he would RFID chip everyone and the government could track them anytime, anywhere.
X ray gates? Sweet Jesus, what a moron.
33% of homicides ? Wtf are you talking about dude your numbers are stupid wrong. I'm for border control but come on dude those numbers are not facts.https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2018/06/19/two-charts-demolish-the-notion-that-immigrants-here-illegally-commit-more-crime/
Undocumented immigrants dont commit 37% of all murder. Thats ridiculous
Hillary proposed a wall too. Funny to me.  But dems blame Trump
I don't know man, if you know the lady you can totally make up who she is... and i'm sure word about your booth made around the block, these folk ain't stupid a google search and boom... well it's probably too late now anyway but you gotta think more carefully about that Steven.
Omg the second person you spoke to sounds like hes stoned... yeah make a boarder X-ray machine
I took this girl out on a Saturday night 
She seemed like she might be alright
But there was just something off when she  opened her mouth, 
it took me a minute to figure it out
She said shes getting  a degree in transgendered studies
And she wishes that she could do it for free
We pulled the car up to the mcdonalds drive thru, 
and she said minimal wage should be raised too
She said that health care should be free
then she grabbed her ebt
They said we dont accept food stamps 
And thats when it quickly hit me

Shes a liberal, liiiiiberal oh no 
When she speaks i tell her please dont speak no more
Shes a liberal liberal oh no
When she speaks i tell her please dont speak no more
This is honestly frustrating. Man just listening to these people. U should do a talk. This video was so open ended. We didn't even get to hear your point of view. I don't like the idea of a wall. Because it means keep everyone out no matter what they did it their situation. A wall would be good if citizenship was made easy to all those who needed to come in. And to those who commit crimes (serious things like killing or stealing) and don't wanna pay taxes deport those. Not people who are illegal and get parking tickets.
Yes, X ray people and keep a data base of where your going and why. keeping digital papers with you at all times?  Making sure its all masterminds and Scientifical. Yup way better than a wall. It's terrifying that anyone thinks wall is a bad idea and that Trump is tyranical but surveillance, databases, digital tracking, digital papers, and xraying is less tyranical?!?!
So much head butting with the guy...
I'm most surprised with this Change My Mind is that YouTube didn't demonetize it ahah
The ending...
Nice to see Steven's doing some comedy again! Really funny sketch!
I'll say this, at least the liberal college students can put a coherent sentence together...
What a complete moron
don't mind listening to ignorant people but draw the line at crazy. Homeboy's recently had his head on a baseball bat and spun around it.
The guy you interviewed gave me a headache......he's a fucking dumbass.
More drugzeh and mastermindzeh!
Idk if a full length wall is necessary but we definitely need to fix the illegal immigrants problem
Do you pick the people yourself in order to make you look smarter?
Build a nuclear-powered electric fence instead, much cheaper.
Vote for leroy essa!
Oh my gosh your face at the end said it all. I wish this video could have had a little more substance instead of whatever cringe-inducing things that guy was talking about but great go as always, Steven. Stay strong 
New Mexico better watch out, you got a mastermind planner bringing scientifical ideas to the table as governer
X-ray detector all over the border lol...
First conversation so unproductive no point in including
oh he's not mexican he is new mexican from new mexico completely different he just so happens to have brown skin and be equally educated as a rock loving it great bit
"America is a continent, not a Country". Change my mind.
scientifical
Holy shit... This guy is a complete fuckin moron.
I would love to see the other video.
My god The cringe lvl is over 9000...Instead of X-rays we should use drones lol Im sure I am not the first person to think of tht but I think it would be more cost effective an would also produce jobs...dont want to turn all those immigrants into mini hulks lol...the most surprising part was tht guy thinking he is gonna be governor lol
Digital Passcode X-Ray Gate 
We in 2018 and hes 2573
I'm Mexican, born, raised and living in Mxico, I think the US should build a wall and pressure our government into fixing problems instead of pushing them into our neighbors, and encourage legal migration.
Build the wall & deport them all.
Why stop at the border? Let's just x-ray the entire globe, have no borders, and one big government tracking everyone. Now we just need some masterminds and engineers to think about it and boom! No more crime ever! Perfect utopia!
I don't think it's a good idea because of how much money we would spend on it. It's proven that it's below one percent of illegal immigrants come accross in this way. 90%+ get a green card and just over stay. Thus we should spend that 3 billion tracking green card jobs that are about to expire and checking jobs also a tracking chip in the card to find them. This will find 90%+ of them. Not stop less then one percent with a really expensive wall
Built it.  These people are retarded...  mofo you aint Spanish....
Xrays
Make the Wall out of Ice and just get Jon Snow to patrol it. Job done.
You can tax them if they don't show up for their court date buddy
Try having our current border as your backyard, you'll want that wall when strangers come around especially if you got kids.  

Dont expect people to respect you when they had to break in to begin with.  

I don't want you to have a fence up or walls on your house... Is essentially what some of these people are saying.
He sounded like every other liberal. He thinks he knows what he's talking about because he can kinda use big words. 
Yea have them write you a paper about where they want to go and why. 
Guy standing in the desert with a clipboard looking for the illegals going senior, wait senior you need to write your paper to tell us where you want to go. Senior WAIT COME BACK YOU NEED TO WRITE YOUR PAPER. SENIOR!!! 
It took him 3 years to formulate that thought
This nigga Leroy retarded lmfao hes on sum shit.
LEEEEEROYYYY JENKINNSSSSSSS
Please cite where you obtained the statistics that illegal immigrants commit 37% of homicides.
For everyone who wants to know the statistics this video lays it all out: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2u4Vlgr2iHs
i really hope that woman is OK... you didn't do a very good job of concealing her identity.
hope you at least helped her enough so she could report these people and get herself out of danger.
don't build a wall, instead of that and bringing the mexicans to america why don't we bring america to them yeah lets take over their government kick out the cartels and send them to south america just annex the land, divide it into a bunch more states and liberate the people and that way they won't have to leave their homes and they will all become american citizens instantly and then give them ss id #'s 1 by 1 . i know it would take a lot of work and money but it could be done. hell i'll bet you could even get a yea vote from most mexicans.russia did it with crimea why can't we do it with mexico. and if not maybe even the threat of it will make the mexican government think twice about funnelling people to our borders. just a thought
If you didn't get many sit down discussions, does this mean that those who oppose building the wall do not have an intelligent basis for their side?  Flipping the bird or cursing to me lacks courtesy, intelligence, and respect.  No one is saying that immigrants (legally or illegally) are saying lazy but illegal immingrants are criminals by the very nature of breaking the US law by crossing the border illegally.  I know that large corporations support the illegal immigrants due to the fact of wanting low wage workers.  Here's a thought.....maybe pay low income Americans a living wage and forgo immigrant employment.  Help your own people out.  You can deport the illegal immigrants if you really wanted to.  It is your country.  That's like saying that the immigration problem in Europe is so out of control that there is no hope for controlling it but again that's not true.  That's wimping out......take control.  I'm from Canada and we have our own immigration problem occuring since Trudeau and I feel it is our resposibility to speak out and act towards stomping on this problem.
Is he incredibly stupid, or mentally ill?
Walls, plural.  Lets be clear.
his face at the end HAH
StevenCrowder, I have a hard time agreeing with you here. A wall might help prevent some illegal immigration, but the percentage of illegal immigrants who get in by just overstaying their visa makes the cost to build the wall not worth it to most people. Like everything, there are pluses and minuses on either side. For example, agricultural work utilizes massive amounts of illegal immigrants. As an opposing example, illegal immigrants tend to bring in more drugs and crime, as you stated, but possibly the reason for that is they cannot gain legal citizenship easily, and would rather resort to illegal activity to make a buck. So, by making citizenship easier to obtain, we could keep the types of illegal immigrants that would be good for this country, and crack down on those who still refuse to acquire citizenship even when it's possible for them to do so. TLDR: Find a middle ground. Create faster, non-exclusive routes to U.S citizenship, and THEN deal with the remainder.
10 minutes with a meth-head thanks steve...
Dudes from Spain 1500s Spain .....ok letting it sink in....no still don't get it....pass
THIS 2ND GUY IS GOLD!
Should have done more to conceal her (the first woman) identity... Black instead of blur and voice changing.
When they talk about gun control you used the argument that bad people or criminals dont care about the law how is this any different? Building a wall wont make any difference for them right? however there should definitely be better immigration laws.
Fuck Your Wall
Youre debating people who arent that bright
Nice Change My Mind ad before your video Steven! I'm hoping more people come to your channel to hear the truth. <3
please do a part 2!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
In regard to that first lady. As somebody who married into a Hispanic family I can tell you most Hispanics are very conservative. Conservative in their views on immigration, abortion, fiscal matters, social reform and so on.  

But what may surprise you, and Im hoping someone from louder with Crowder reads this because it something that most people in our community(conservatives trying to provide an alternative media source) are unaware of. The fake news is not only present in the English-speaking media but it is 100 times worse on networks such as Univision and Telemundo.

I dont mean anything ugly by this, but my experience tells me that this woman speaks very little English and completely understands even less. I would bet dollars to donuts that most of her news, and the media she consumes comes from networks like Telemundo and Univision.

Unlike CNN and MSNBC Telemundo and Univision do not just bend a convenient version of the truth and their reporting they out right lie. My wife tells me, shes the one that speaks Spanish, that on regular basis reporters like Jorge Ramos tell the viewers that if the wall succeeds they will be unable to visit their family ever again. They tell them on a regular basis that President Trump and the Republicans want to deport Hispanics who are already US citizens. They tell them that if the wall goes up we will no longer allow anybody from Mexico to come here For any reason. They told them before the election, Those that are in the process of becoming residents and or citizens, that is President Trump is elected, no matter what part of the process they were in that they would be deported was no grounds.

No this lady may genuinely be against building the wall. But judging by how confused she was, and just the way she was talking Im willing to bet she was a victim of some of this fake news.

Its my sincere hope that somebody whether it be louder Crowder or someone like them will begin to expose how bad this really is. My wife and I have considered doing it ourselves, and upon further research can find nobody of like mind who havent drank the Democratic Kool-Aid.

Its incredible to me how many Hispanic people vote Democrat, when in my experience, None of them seem to hold any democratic values.

Please excuse my spelling and grammar, Im on a mobile device and I used voice text to put this together
Very obvious when someone comes on who bases their information off of social media and when they read and dig for it themselves
#BuildADome
sigh.... how the fuck do these people get through life?
I would like to change your mind on this (even thou I agree ilegal immigration is wrong) so here it goes... it's far too expensive and people will find a way to go across it anyways. Instead, people shouldn't hire those ilegal immigrants for jobs they don't want to do or don't want to pay fairly for. That would be the solution I could think off since US has no immigrant support program unlike my country (Mexico).
It's not an easy thing to solve but building a wall isn't a good solution. They can still come over in planes and overstay their visa. There's not really a good way to do it but if we could track them down and give them a choice to become a citizen or deport them then that's the best way I can think, and set up a way for them to register as a citizen and immigrate legally. If not then zero tolerance deportation is the other choice they get
feminism is a myth -change my mind
This guy is going to be our next president
We should just invade and conquer Mexico
I really had to skip the rest of this video after the woman talked due to the hard cringe of Spanish/ Mexican/ ETC guy.
The wall is a waste of time, money and resources.  It won't stop a thing and people who think it's a good idea are idiots.
That second guy though
3:30 conversation, so i get the blurred face but how bout the FUCKING NAME BADGE WITH A HUGE PIC OF HER and place of work and NAME
taxes
Notice how Crowders never actually had his mind changed.
My familys been in the new mexico sense 1550s this guy had me dying.
Congrats! Here's to another 2,000,000 subscribers and many more!
Crazy, No wall or security, but please, Tag us like Deer. Wow.
You're a pathetic excuse for a thinking human Steven...I'm not just talking about this video...I'm talking about you, at your core essence. Its rotten...
Next do The Earth isnt flat Change My Mind
I mean, I'm all for legal immigration and not wanting people here illegally, but I'm not sure a nation with copious amounts of debt building a multi-billion dollar wall with multi-million dollar yearly upkeep is the smartest strategy to achieve border security. That's not even taking into account the fact that people can just fly over the damn wall anyway. The wall is a garbage idea for reasons that have nothing to do with immigration. Once again, Steven sets these up under the pretense of having a conversation, but frames the discussion in such a way that is in no way conducive to actually progressing a dialogue. It's no surprise that most people willing to jump into a random conversation with a stranger regarding hot button issues aren't the most well spoken bunch. Of course the guy with a political commentary platform is going to be significantly more prepared to debate than some rando on the street. People who know better aren't going to waste their time on this unless they have a vested interest in the topic.
If I had a fence round my garden but foxes kept getting through it and eating my chickens and I had a gate that people and other nice animals to could through then I would build a fucking wall that would stop foxes getting in. Its as simple as that!
Billions and billions of opeiets.
This guy watches too much csi
the spanish male in  the end was a complete idiot..... he sounds wild crazy.
We need to sterilize ppl who come here illegally... And that guy has zero hope for Gov. LoL
Damn! The crazy delusional cretin at 11.40 really showed how the "can do attitude" Americans instil in their youth can at times be a very dangerous, scary even dubious thing... I'm still shaking in fear because of that guy... ;)
The second guy needs to learn the negative effects of illegal immigrants. They cost a ridiculous amount of money to the government and therefore to people who legally enter the country, it's not only crime.
that useful idiot is asking for a NWO chip
You cant change mind of idiots.
Your face at the end says it all.  And I don't envy you having to sit through that.
But why are you discussing with people who are stupid? I mean you cant start discussing things like this with people with low IQs and no arguments whatsoever.
Lol the 2nd guy is actually retarded, he basically said to make people that purposely came here without getting citizenship to  get citizenship
I am surprised that the young man was advocating for more power of big brother.
The guy in the white tee REALLY needs to give his THOUGHTS  a lot MORE THOUGHT! I think he just likes to hear himself talk... he has nothing useful to offer!
Respect to that first lady. She seemed a little confused with some things, but that's okay. She had the right idea and she was brave enough to step up and talk about it
We Dont Need Feminism | Change My Mind
@stevencrowder no way in hell guy number 2 should suggest a electronic I.D. chip passport. Never letting the government put an identification chip in my body. No fuckin' way.
OMFG...........Gov. of New Mexico..........His passion is certainly there.........missing somethings though.......like.....non convoluted thoughts ..........funny how Stevens expression was the exact same as mine at the end, lol.
What percentage of murders are committed by white mass shooters tho? 
LMAO
New Mexico wasn't a state until 1912. His family might have been in that area since 1550, but definitely not in New Mexico
Holy smokes.... people like this make me feel like a modern day Einstein.
What the gentleman from Spanish descent said regarding borders becoming a thing of the past, falls incredibly in line with the plan for a one world government. They are pushing to control general thought and consensus to desire being borderless, so we are on board with it, and that I feel is a huge part of why the younger generation is against maintaining our borders. I'm not even for the wall. I believe we could establish better security without having to build it, but regardless. They're being mentally manipulated into the thought of being without borders, and primed for communism by media, television, celebrities and the pressure to fit in.
I actually have no doubt in my mind that Mr. Leeroy will actually one day  become the governor of new mexico and then you will all see that he wasn't so crazy.
I refuse to believe that this person is representative of the anti-wall position.
Wouldnt all illegal immigrants be committing crimes since it is a felony to come here illegally
2k mile long x-ray machine
I'm a conservative so don't even try to accuse me of being some snowflake liberal because I think the wall is a stupid idea.

1. Mexico will never pay for it - they have no reason to and it only costs them.
2. The US will have to pay for the wall which is a huge waste of money.
3. In a few hundred years, your children's children and so on will still have to pay to maintain the wall
4. The wall would require constant maintenance, servicing and protection creating additional costs to the taxpayer
5. Illegal immigrants do all of the jobs that America's youth are too precious and delicate for - without them, society would collapse.
We all living in 2018 while Leroy living in 3018 
I dont really have an issue as to the why of build the wall,  nor the price of building it, my big question is how practical would it be? The drug cartels wouldnt just dig a tunnel? If someone could enlight me about this, I would be really greatfull. Great video Crowder!
Lol he wants to be the governor of New Mexico...thats cute.
One way to stop illegal immigration, AND make Mexico pay for the wall: 25-50% Tax rate on money wired to Mexico in any form (USD or Pesos)
The wall is the stupidest shit. U know how much damage to wildlife it will cause?
I just found out about you and this is amazing!!!         
If there was any topic I would like to see in this change my mind segment is: Change my mind- Boyscouts  should not allow girls to join
Even though they have changed their name to Scouts of America, I want to know why people believe girls should join when the Girl Scouts organization is a strong organization and the CEO of girl scouts  is somewhat against it also.
Please try to do this topic as I would like to know people's stances on this topic.
Jesus H. I want this first guy to tutor my kids.
What he described was everything that has to do with boarder control
Braver than the us marines
Could be wrong but don't most illegal immigrants come in with a temporary Visa and stay longer than they are supposed to so a wall wouldn't change that but correct me if I'm wrong
More reason to build the wall!
6:53 anybody have a source for that statistic?
Lol that second guy from New Mexico is amazing.
The wall is insanely expensive and fairly pointless.  

1. Drugs arent commonly hauled through openings in the current boarder or walls, they transported in other ways.  Usually via rivers, roads, and even delivery services, sadly enough. 

2. As for illegal immigration problem, mass majority of that comes from air travel, i and I dont think going to build a wall to stop air travel.  Most illegal immigration occurs from good intentions.  Such as over staying ones visa or traveling legally into the nation for a day trip or shopping trip to not return. 

3. A lot of the frown upon stuff occurs beyond those peoples control, by that I meaning cartels forcing seemingly innocent people into illegal actions.  And sometimes people spend life savings on fleeing their nation and country because of real danger.  

I dont disagree, we have a serious problem, but I feel like a wall isnt a solution, maybe a metaphorical wall... but a real physical wall is nothing more than a cod piece for trump to show off about.  It wont really stop anything on its own.
Its just painful to see how stupid people are. No wonder its rare to have good honest discussion between two opposing sides
BUILD IT
Just blows my mind how people are so stupid.  They are the same people wishing for world peace but no clue how to get there.  Everyone loves everyone, everyone wants to do the right thing.
Build the wall already 










Fuck those beans
These people are basically saying that we could fix the problems with illegal immigration by treating them how we do legal immigration
Wow, more of a "you're retarded, prove me wrong" segment then anything else.
"some kind of electronic ID tag.. x-ray scanner" this guy is living in 2030 - What show does the second guy do? He seems like someone that would be fun to watch haha
4:01 The sort of people who would likely harm her for talking to you could easily work out who she is, by the plant she's carrying, her handbag and her voice AND the moments you DID NOT blur the side of her face! You did kind of try not to, but you may have inadvertently put this person at risk!
We need to make Leroy of go green global an internet sensation.
Cheap prick here, keep up the good work, maybe you'll change my mind
Proof that stupid people are easily brainwashed...
X-ray borders ftw!
''i'm not mexican, i'm spanish, my family is there since 1550s'' WTF
mentally challenged special edition
That guy's idea would only work if all other countries had the same system in place but it could work if the US reformed immigration so that all someone had to do was go to a US embassy or consulate in their home country and fill a form that asked them to explain in detail why they want to enter the US as well as fill out a form that allows the US to perform a background check on them
Isn't American made upon illegal immigration
That's the most Mexican looking Spaniard I've ever seen, ridiculous. Family's been here centuries (even before the first settlement in NM), still can't speak proper English.
Second guy is explaining the NWO Globalist system. He even mentioned "some way to track every individual". The mark of the Beast will have everyone tracked and taxed and no one will be able to buy or sell without it. You can call this dude a dreamer or a dummy but if you believe in the Bible what he speaks of is going to be reality.
This is a great topic for a change my mind. I actually feel like if you ever do get a good turn out. You should probably have armed security or something. I see alot of potential with this. Lol man this one is ballsy lol
C'mon man. That dude had to be doing performance art. Nobody is that dumb... Right?
His face expression after Leroy left looked like he was getting ready to Hulk the flip out.  
We already have fences down there. Aren't we just reinforcing the physical barrier that we already have, by building a wall?  I see no problem with that. Or is that just proof that a physical barrier doesn't work? Here's a thought. You know what doesn't stop a bullet as well as a kevlar vest? Styrofoam. Build the wall.
the Pogo intros are amazing
for all we these stats are made up. It would be nice if you can put some sources.
"x-ray scanner"
Scientifical... wow.  Just wow.
YOU DIDN'T BLUR HER FUCKING ID CARD!!!!!! PULL THIS VIDEO!
Silly people have no clue about this topic.  People, check your emotions at the door,  do some research on the facts and numbers before you open your mouth and look uneducated. Use this proven method for everything you do in life... cause it works.
If you have a leaky pipe and your house is starting to flood, would your solution be to grab a bucket and start scooping out the water or first patch up the pipe?
Ha ha ha. You can be anything you want to be son.
I'm gonna be the Governor of New Mexico when I grow up!
Blocking her face really doesnt do much to conceal her identity.  Hopefully the people in her complex dont see this video.
You should not have included the blurred out woman at all. It is likely somebody recorded the interview on a phone and her face might get out there.
If you're for building the wall. You know shit for economics. If the wall was free for us, then yeah build that shit. Fuck, build one on the Canada border as well. But 20+ billion dollar on a wall is ridiculous. How about we end the drug war. Fix our shit immigration policies. Increase the budget for our immigration legal system. Make it easier for immigrants to get work visas. #TaxationIsTheft. Lol
OMG that second guy.  "Lets build a huge governmental surveillance system that montiors the digital ID emplanted in your body to track your movement everywhere, because who needs borders and walls are stupid"
What an insanely totalitarian view of that guy... follow people to know where they are? Seriously?
"I one day plan on being the governor of New Mexico..."
I spat my coffee all over my screen
Pretty shit job with the face cover blur.
I feel extremely smart compared to these people interviewed.
an x-ray border....oh man.
Man this guy needs to fucking wake up
I think the problem with the wall is how long it will take to build and the price of it also I think to secure the border we should do what we do with Canada
They don't want to build a wall to keep people from getting in my brother. They want to build a wall to keep your ass from getting out
You throw around facts a lot but dont seem to put any of your sources in the description. With a quick google search I found that undocumented immigrants commit far less crimes. Please do not spread false information there is already enough!!
This segment will never work. Most Leftists are completely retarded and can't even articulate their own opinions let alone understand a conservative's opinions enough to debate against it.
That look he gives like this person is dumb as a brick.
LMAO I was gonna say this guy is from New Mexico.  He has the accent.  "ummmm huuuuuh yahhh soooo"
TBH i see what that hispanic guy was saying right. However, there is no way to know if we would actually document all the immigrants who walk into America by his method. Not to mention all the thieves, murderers, and drug dealers that come into America by illegal means would find it easier to cross by his proposition. Overall, it just wouldn't work. Plus America is not some grocery store anyone can just walk into. It's a damn nation for goodness sake. Huh! People don't understand that a our country is our house. We put gates around our houses so not everyone can just waltz into our homes. Fret not brothers and sisters, when Trump is elected in 2020 i'm sure we'll see bigger strides to see the wall built.
At least this dude sat down. He needs some hitch in his giddyup.
How many negatives is there for the wall? Money? Time? People get through tunnels nowadays? 

Im trying to say that maybe we dont necessarily need a wall specifically?
I LIKE YOU StevenCrowder I do but this is fucking retarded  a wall will do little to nothing . Do you realize that over 70% of illegal  immigrants are Visa overstays according to CMS  ? they come into the country legally via airplane mostly on vacation visas and just stay.  Your all for small goverment when it comes to healthcare, collages and so forth but when it comes to dumbass walls  and wasteful wars , you love spending taxes on that shit . MAKE UP YOUR MIND SIR! big goverment or small witch do you want ?
"How do you check that without a border wall?" "I don't know-" omfg
That first guy is an idiot. He literally has no knowledge of anything he and crowder brought up... not sure who's watching what hes streaming.
Steven shouldve just hit them with the Billy Madison. LMFAO. God damn, that is my generation. Fuck meeee..
At no point in your rambling, incoherent response were you even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought. Everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it. I award you no points, and may God have mercy on your soul.
This Mexican guy is a moron
We don't need a wall.  A wall only guarantees complacency.  Ancient Sparta fell after it built a wall.  No one gets into Area 51 without an invite so, the same boots and sensors are needed on the southern border.  And a sign, a sign that reads, "Is there Life after Death? Trespass here and find out."
thats my city



full of crazies
Evolution is a religion: Change my mind 

@StevenCrowder
Pornography and Casual Sex Contributes to the Moral Decline of  America, Change My Mind.
Its hard to say I am a fan of yours because although you have great views,educated and logical opinions on a lot of controversial issues, you then have opinions like these that are so nonsensical and absurd.
I DIDN'T EVEN NOTICE THAT WAS NOT GAY JARED IN THE BACK
"We'll get in one way or another." 

Try!
It wasn't raining it was raving. I dont know if he was saying it eat, sleep, rave repeat.... that guy sounds like he's a druggie
Don't most illegal immigrants come on planes?
Have you noticed Mexicans just don't seem that bright
Steven, how do you listen to so much stupidity without laughing in their face??? "some kinda X ray...." WTF????
How do you make it so people don't want to immigrate illegally to the US?
As long as Topo Chico stays in the United States...I'm fine with the wall
He should work for CNN.  Makes perfect sense to them what he said.
That last guy WOW JUST WOW!! SMH
Lets just give everyone mandatory GPS implants... this guys dream is literally the road to hell
Couldve quite literally just gotten this woman killed for ratting and asking how to get these people deported. Lol. Oh well... I commend the young man that wanted to debate. Even though he was so ridiculous in his thought, he gave it a whack. He was ignorant to the facts and it was extremely annoying hearing him speak with an inflection on the end of his sentences (travel really fastaaa, billions and billions of opioidsaaa, millions and trillions of dollarsaaa). Hey, but at least he tried to make sense and sound educated. Hell need that when he runs for governor of NM. The look that Crowder gave the camera was perfect. WTF did I just hear?
That spanish dude spends too much time watchibg scifi futuristic movies. Walk through xray scanners without borders lol
A physical modern day great wall of China is a preposterously costly and wasteful proposition on it's face. This second speaker may be highly inarticulate but he's probably on to what will actually be implemented in the near future. A virtual 'detection' boarder of some kind. Whether face recognition or god forbid "chipping" or some yet unforeseen method.
wow that guy is asking for the mark of the beast to be embedded in him #JesusPleaseComeSoon
JESUS CHRIST MAN. Fucking mental retardation. Low iq for sure
Did you really not have any good discussions on this topic?
People always say do it the right way. Guess what, doing it the 'right way' is an extremely long and expensive process. If it was easier and cheaper, people would be doing it that way more often. You think people would rather walk across a desert to get here? Get real. 

You say Trump did not disrespect Mexicans, that is just not true. He literally said that Mexico is sending over their 'bad hombres'. He called Mexicans drug dealers, kidnappers, and rapists. You posted this video yesterday, so you must know about what is going on at the border. ICE is separating kids from their parents, and there have been reports of ICE agents raping some of the girls. Should we not let them in our country either? All of a sudden sounds like Trump and ICE are the kidnappers, rapists, and 'bad hombres'. 

Then you want to say how illegal immigrants contribute the most to homicides. Yet, every time I turn on the TV, it's a white kid shooting up a school or church or a white man shooting up a concert. Moreover, these statistics are skewed because it is definitely proven, and said by police officers, that they are trained to target people of color. Look around in jails/prisons, most people are not white. Black people are incarcerated at a rate 5 times higher than whites. Guaranteed they do the same with Hispanics/Latinos. 

I understand that safety is one of the top priorities for America, as it is essential to maintain our country. However, it is dishonest and fundamentally wrong to give these garbage reasons to build a wall. People think that if the wall is built all of a sudden all of these problems are going to go away. Regardless, drugs and illegal immigrants will always find a way in. It just seems to me that Trump and his supporters only want the wall built because it'll be seen as a 'victory' for America. Not to mention the symbolism that a wall will imply. This is contradictory to the way humanity is heading. Love, unity, sustainability, and knowledge is what we need. This just sets us back.
I got an ad for you before this video. Anyone else?
This spanish kid, lol. Make a xray border or something like that Well, thats going to be cheap
xray gate wow some people are fucking retarded.
Anybody catch Leroy's blog/vlog. I would like to check out how for down the delusional rabbit hole Leroy is.
"X-ray border" nuff said
This guy was fuckin dumb
Build an X-ray vision wall change my mind
That crime rate amongst illegal immigrants is based on DOJ stats. I looked them up.
I actually talked to the guy hosting that day, I gave him the facts and really shut his view down as respectfully as I could, interesting that he only put up the interviews with obviously ill educated people on the subject
You need like an X-ray scanner. So a border? No not a border. Ummmm okay dude
Congrats on 2mill Subscribers!!!!  
13:15 says everything you need to know about this Change my Mind.
This episode was pretty meh. Not at the fault of Steven and his team, but the people who sat down to talk with him. What a terribly annoying group of people
I feel dumber after listening to that guy talk. 
That was totally scientifical.
you can still see her badge
I agree with the Xray wall .. maybe a laser wall...  ok ok instead of a wall we dig  a motte .. and sharks with laser beams on their heads..
Ouuff....that was difficult to listen to. 
I'm surprised there were no factoids about the cost of the 'wall' and predicted positive effect. 
I would like to also get some source info on the crime statistics Steven put forward because otherwise we're all just rounding numbers from undocumented sources from memory to compliment a bias. 
A whole lot of meaningful stuff missing. Edited?
Listening to the 2nd guy gave me a headache.
The REAL Boss Hogs (Hoggs) ?
40% Of illegal Immigrants come here on plane Change My Mind
He wants us all microchipped and scanned everywhere we go. Wonder if go green global gets funds from Soros
Mark of the beast or a Wall... Tough choice. I chose wall!
Building a wall is a waste of money and wont stop people from coming in. Change my mind...
Did that guy say his family has been in New Mexico since the 1550's? WTF??? Lmaoooo!! This dude is pro globalism and literally retarded....yikes!
How about you do everybody is treated equal change my mind
Hahaha! So he wants everyone to get GPS implants? That is less radical than building a wall?
Steven, I am so amazed how you were able to keep your shit together. I'd be a dribbling pile of hysterical laughter at that point.    A return visit from him on your show would be gold.  I can see like a 4 yr old type drawing in crayon for his schematics .
The wall built to keep people out, will eventually become the wall that keeps us in.
Building the wall is economically retarded anyone for building the wall doesn't understand how it doesn't change anything people will still enter the country . It's a cost sink. The only thing we need is a better work visa system.
GTK... change my mind
I would only agree to a wall as long as that wall covers all 4 sides (yes including the east and west coast) so that ALL borders are covered.
Is it just our southern border that would be walled? If so, from where to where would the wall span? I'm not asking sarcastically, i was kinda hoping it would come up in the video. Before anyone attacks me, my motivation behind the questions, or my supposed legal status based off my last name, I'm an American citizen and a veteran. My father is also, as was his father before him.
He's right about the pharmaceutical industry being a bigger problem than other forms of drugs like cocaine or marijuana
An X-ray scanner border - bRiLliAnNTdDRrRrRrRxyz!!!
I had the biggest fucking grin on my face the entire time that Spanish guy was talking
HOLY FUCK..  A Mexican aka "Spanish" guy named Leeroy?!?!?!?!
I dont live in New Mexico but I really hope that guy does not become governor.
Dude u have every right to defend ur country from illegal immigration but building it will not solve the root of the problem and it will cost billions of dollars the country doesn't have
Lmao make them walk through a X-ray scanner border
"Scientifical"
The only way to fix the immigrant problem coming from Mexico is to fix Mexico, as long as Mexico stays fucked up then people will keep coming, wall or no wall
Man that guy was all over the place. X Ray border? Sheesh Crowder! Youve got lots of patience.
A X-ray boarder? Wtf is that? And it would cost way more than just building the wall #truth
Build the wall I really dont care, but Mexico will not pay for that wall.
I'm Mexican
I think that's the real problem
I was surprised that no one brought up the fact that the sheer logistics behind building a wall between Mexico and the US make it  completely unfeasible and unrealistic.
These mexicans are poising our streets with dope, getting our kids hooked on drugs. If they can respect our laws and come here legally then kick them and their kids out!!! We have starving kids here and homeless vets. We need to take care of our own. My kids go without and you want me to give more of my paycheck to these people and give a dam about their kids? Send them packing with their future MS-13 kids!!! They dont care about us, how our taxes are going to pay for their kids. BUILD the WALL!!! TRUMP2020!! Put me on top of the wall and I will make sure no one gets across! They are too lazy to rebel against their govenmnet like out ancestors did!!! Disrespectfull mexicans can go home!!! Come legally or get out..Take your kids with you!!!
OOOOOF HERE WE GO BOIS
Whether or not the wall would work is debatable, but a problem I see is the wall's effects on the region its built in. Many endangered animals species live along the U.S Mexican border. Blocking access for these would have serious impacts on animal populations. Animals on the Mexican side would be prevented from breeding with animals on the U.S side, which would reduce genetic diversity and weaken already small and sparse populations. Human activities have led and are leading to the decline in biodiversity, healthy ecosystems, and the natural world. These things are taken for granted, and won't be replacable if we destroy it. I don't have a problem with securing the border and preventing illegal immigration, but a wall across a one thousand mile border just seems ridiculous.
Omg what ever state he's in he needs to leave and never go back bc the amout of low iq that i seen was mind boggling... Tht 2nd guy man
The "spanish| guy is a DUMB ass!!!!
Is that 2nd guy actually spanish or Irish... his accent confuses me
How do you tax em? Drug dealers typically dont report their income.
12:37 ...the real boss hog HA!! Love it. He just forgot to mentioned or include Rosco Pico Train!
X RAY BORDER WALL
Was that guy serious? Let me get some of what he was smoking! Dude was talking about masterminds...
1st guy is a good example of stupid.
Its hard to get a coherent statement from some of these people.
why do you have fences around your house/backyard? its so people dont walts in uninvited..if they want to come in they will need to use the front door/gate...LEGALLY
Wtf is this kid talking about? I still wanna hear his take on the wall.
WTF is "proper scientifical"? And this is the future generation of leaders in our country!? Time to move to the hills!
Props to you my man. You always give the other person the benefit of the doubt as if they know what they are talking about. This lady even says, "Maybe I'm confused." and your immediate reaction is "probably not".
DRUGGZA
That 2nd guy sounds like he's high
"Spanish" guy..  Dude you're not Spanish you dumb bitch!   You're either a Mexican or American, pick one!!!
you cant fix dumb
Not Gay Secret Service
Do a therapy session for homophobics by Superwoman
His stare at the end =D =D
Screw walls, i want to tag people with X rays and follow them constantly, much better 
Fuck Trump in Mexico I work to hard I no like work so I moved to California land of free  housing free medical free dental  free food stamps. Free money so fuck racists white people think Mexican come to more lawns or work in toco truck  fuck you racists I come for the welfare no welfare for White people or black people just Mexican people fuck you racists. In California they love Mexican people that's wy they give us  welfare so we be happy I never go back to Mexico I never stop my welfare so fuck you racists I love Hillary and carry brown I love my welfare so fuck you racists
DAMN, Dude sounds like he's on drugs now..
Build the #%&@!$# wall already
God bless you for wasting your time with that idiot.... An x-ray wall? Yea, I'm sure that'll be much cheaper..... 
Tag and release.
Good interview with the first woman!
freaking hilarious, this guys been thinking about this for three years and thats what hes come up with
second guy "Ive been into politics a long periodically time"
a country is defined by having borders. if anyone ever thinks that the borders will go away you are delusional at best haha
2nd dude throws an E on every word. Its quite annoying. 
Hes probably illegal himself.
And hes proposing essentially RFID chips into humans. What a fucking idiot.
6:03: "You worded that pretty poorly". lol
cant even finish with this idiot.
Of all these stupid things he came up with I almost missed that he said he's been pondering this for 3 years.
That Blogger guy is Advocating for a Police State
That guy from Spain is a illegal imagrant for sure u can tell by how he talks
Soooo.... the 2nd guy's argument is not to build a wall but to install a Big Brother-esque tracking system? Wow.
I have been repeatedly impressed with Crowder's ability to maintain a poker face as people unreel the most laughable gobbledygook. Never more than now. When the guys who drive by and hurl pejoratives offer more substance than the guy who sits down to have a talk.....I has a sad. If that kid ever buckles his energy and enthusiasm onto something worthwhile, like learning a thing or two, he could go places.
I can't
I'm from New Mexico, and these liberal policies are ruining this great state.  We are second to last in the nation when it comes to education, top 5 in violent crimes, 1st in vehicle theft, and there is a growing heroin problem.  The police force has dwindled to the point that there is not a large enough force to properly enforce the law. The courts release criminals (including violent criminals) on the regular with no jail time.  They issue a house arrest instead with an ankle braclet.  This has happened so often that we ran out of ankle braclets and there is not enough resources or people to track them that it's normal to find cut ankle braclets.  All the entitlement programs are bankrupting the state and yet we continue to vote in democrats at the peril of destroying a unique and beautiful state.
There are 6 months left till 2019. Stop and think for a moment*
LMFAO That look at the end!!
The second person suggests we watch more sci-fi movies.
Build the prison and lock the keys, Let's forget about american dreams so the rest of the world can dream again..
Libs claim building a wall that long and over mountains isn't possible...The bolder is just under 2,000 miles long... The Great Wall of China is over 13,000 miles long and over mountains, so........China can do it in 1368, but America can't do one a fraction the size in 2018? Riiiight...
This series has tackled many topics that don't have talking about it. im a open minded person and try to see both sides of an argument. Steven Crowder has the right to his opion but is still open for people to change that opion. Thats why I watch this channel we have the right to think anyway we feel even if its not the "popular" way of thinking I feel we shouldn't build a wall i don't think we have the money to build it and maintain the wall thats just me change my mind
Leroy Trejo sounds pretty smart for a dumb guy.
Any illegal aliens who give me free weed and tequila are welcome in my country anytime. #StillBuildTheWallTho
So don't build the wall but chip and x-ray everyone? WTF!?
Second guy did 4 lines of Coke before walking up to the table.
I didn't get the notification that you actually went out and did this holy shit dude lol.
This guys a nutcase, he only ever talks to people less intelligent than him. So it appears he's more right or logical because those people can't back up their reasons with proper claims despite those claims existing but unable to be expressed by that person due to their incompetence with articulating their thoughts and shit like that
Before I watch this video, I want to note that I cross the border every single day and have witnessed people trying to illegally cross through the international bridges. The current wall works. There is no need for a bigger or stronger wall. My suggestion is to have more border patrol agents monitoring the borders.  Besides there are some places that is impossible to build the wall, such as high mountains ,steep mounts or just hard terrain. CBP knows that they can't build one continuous wall.  Also there are a lot of US private properties that intersect with the wall and in these places, the US gov. can't build anything. So there are gaps anyways. I won't argue about the kind of people coming in to the US and their intentions because I don't have the data for that. In conclusion, a NEW (note my emphasis in NEW) wall is just a massive waste of money, instead, the US should hire more border patrol agents and have better technology for surveillance. 

Here is a page with statistics regarding the US illegal immigration.  https://www.statista.com/statistics/646261/unauthorized-immigrant-population-in-the-us/  It has data up until 2014, but it gives an idea of how it has been reducing since 2007 (the year the border wall was built). The wall reduced the influx of illegals from 12 million to 11 million and it has fluctuated ever since, but stayed as 11 million. DHS should focus on the "virtual wall" as the CBP calls it, not on physical walls.
Come to Ferris State University next year
His family has been in New Mexico since the 1550s
13:17 hahahaha says it ALL... actually, I wonder what Ben Shapiro would have said. Haha
Not sure if Leroy understood, with out a wall or some other form of barrier, people who want to bypass the "x-ray" check points is going to just go around them anyways.
How stupid does people have to be not to see that America is being invaded in mass numbers by 3rd world immigrants???
Kinda like the rest of western civilization across the world, all by design, SMH.
The Second guy, "Take this mark in your hand or forehead and then you can cross the border and get jobs" hmmm
Sound an awful lot like something I've read in the Bible?
Mandatory drug tests for change my mind guests.  CHANGE MY MIND
RIP big van Vader
Perhaps call it this is your brain on drugs
Leroy is a globalist/Agenda 21 supporter in the making. He Probly wants chips implanted
I would think ear tags like a deer would be more cost effective...than the "Mark Of The Beast" X-ray chip thing the future Gov. of N.M. mentioned.
I just realized, technically 100% of illegal immigrants are criminals. They are labeled as illegal for a reason. Coming into the united states illegally is the crime they all commit.
Wow, this should be re-titled what public schools produce! Jeepers!
Hey Steven, can you reupload this or something to change her voice and blur the id card? I'm worried about her
so that idiot wants us all chipped and tracked, riiiiiiiiiight! that's better than a wall! FREAKING IDIOTS!
Who can have a productive conversation with people whom have very little grasp of the issue.
I've lost faith in humanity
Congress will not approve trumps wall so now he is butthurt.
Why don't we just make everyone get barcode tattoos and then set up conveyor belts all along the border and when someone wants to come in, they just hop on the conveyor and get scanned in like my groceries at walmart.
Wow!  This is sad.  We as Americans would not tolerate the government tracking our every move as this guy seemed to be willing to concede without them even asking.  That is a new problem I had not even considered with the immigrant mindset and them being able to vote in laws that encroach on our personal freedoms.
In my college class today my professor had us do a mock debate. The topic question: should ILLEGAL immigrants be given a drivers license. We had to stand on one side of the room if we agreed the other if we disagreed and in the middle of we were unsure. I stood firm on my belief that NO they should not- the main reason being that they are ILLEGAL immigrants. Why should they be given the rights and privileges given to actual law abiding American citizens when in the first place, by being here ILLEGALLY, they are breaking he law?! Of course the one girl that was on the agree side started crying and told a heart breaking personal story so I looked like the bad guy.  ridiculous!!!!!
"New Mexico is my city" - random Spanish guy
Of course, thats the dumbass that represents us in New Mexico. 
You need to pre-screen these people first.
Stopped lifting Crowder?
That dude was a complete dipshit
Theres already a border ok 
These people are dumb....
I remember my first trip to America.
God help us if he is elected governor
A lot of Mexicans hate their own.
These videos make me doubt humanity. People are so oblivious.
So cringy.
This is the stupidest video on change my mind so far...
The Great Wall of America is coming folks. And it will be great.
Trump 2020
The wall would raise Americans taxes
That spanish dude was dumb as shit or high as shit, i dunno which it was or maybe both
The first man, he clearly doesn;t understand that if there's no wall, you can't make sure they get documented.
That 2nd guy was really hard to listen to.  Seems like he was all over the place mentally.
Why is he talking like thissssaahhh?
"I think borders in general are going to become a thing of the past" Think again buddy. Americans will not be going along with the Globalist Agenda 21. Dude has a lot to learn lol.
The second guy wants a Xray scanning mark of the beast type of thing. LOL
it's okay to double dip -change ma mind bra
How do you keep a straight face when you interview a guy like the future governor, there?  I've lived in Santa Fe, and it was like trying to get a job in a slave state. They have displaced and put  so many carpenters, builders and skilled labor workers out of work there that it's hard to believe. The going wage for framing houses there, last time I checked, was $10-15/ hour, 15 being the highest I saw. That's $3/hr less than the going rate of $18-20 from the late 1980s.

Also, Santa Fe is an extension of Hollywood. I've never been around a thicker concentration of hateful hippies in my life. This kid is Spanish. The local Northern New Mexicans were a lot more down to earth, but occasionally, their fierce prejudice against Mexicans, not Latinos, but nationally Mexicans, would rear its ugly head. It's one of the only real prejudices I have witnessed living in this state.
YOU KNOW WHAT BUILD THAT WALL IT'LL PROVE THAT IT WILL NOT PROTECT YOU IN ANY FORM LOL
That lady didnt even know what the hell she was saying!!!
lmfao....yeah lets not have a wall but lets just fucking x ray people.....lmao...

I don't really think a wall would be effective myself and think its a waste of money. but....this kid...my god lol
I promise normal Hispanic people dont think like that idiot.
I'm not a feminist change my mind

Or maybe feminism is evil or something along those lines
Stupid imaginary wall LOL PEOPLE  EVERYONE OF US HAVE  ANCESTORS THAT ARE IMMIGRANTS OR ARE A IMMIGRANTS DO NOT BE A  IGNORANT FUK  WHEN YOU DIVIDE A HOUSE THERE WILL BE WAR  IN THE HOUSE NOW BOOM! IGNORANT COWARDS!!
Why wouldn't people just go around the wall...like uhh in the ocean. I would just take a boat.
Remember when he got triggered at the Autistic lol
Why make healthcare or education better here when we can put that money into building a giant wall along the southern border and create a space force.? lol
The wall will slow an almost stop illegal immigration into America on the southern border fact these ppl are dumb
What youve just said is one of the most insanely idiotic things I have ever heard. At no point in your rambling, incoherent response were you even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought. Everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it. I award you no points, and may God have mercy on your soul.
no way in hell that second guy is spanish lol, i think he meant hispanic though.
A massive x-ray gate? Isn't that a wall?
I dont understand why you cant interview decent people who are educated on the issues and share the same opinions as the majority of people who oppose you. You only interview stupid people to make yourself feel smart and to make the Democratic party look stupid. Please make videos that are fair. Thx
Steven
When people say a wall wont work check out Hungary.  They had a huge problem, built a wall, stopped 99%.  You should do a segment on the Hungarys wall.  It is a very close situation as we have and how they solved it with a wall.

Also, another bad  reason not to build a wall I hear is it will take so long what is the point.. Which is a stupid point, had we started building a wall 10 years ago we wouldnt be having the issues we have today.    

My only issue with the wall I wonder if it needs to be so expensive.  Look at the wall Hungary built, it is effective.  Why shouldnt we model a fence like Hungarys using a lower cost fence with sensors which detect foot traffic, cameras, drones.  I wonder why a Hungary type fence would not work here.  In Hungary it is also felony with stiff prison terms for damaging the fence.
I'm really sad you don't list sources in the description, can't find those numbers on the illegal immigrant homicide anywhere. I'm not justifying it, but I would like sources
Man they say your own people are the biggest enemy and I see its true
Im actually against the wall myself.  Do not believe it would actually solve the problem.  We have stories of actual criminals that are receiving little to no help at all breaking out very secure prisons.  If something like that is possible I don't think its going to be all that difficult for a freeman to gather  the resources he needs to get past the wall.
Grats on 2m subs Crowder! Keep up the great work!
"Have them write a note of why they're here." 
Yeah I could see that. Pedro out in the middle of the dessert at the US Mexico border where there's no fence or checkpoint writing a little note, leaving it on the ground, and going on his merry way. XD
The wall CAN'T resolve anything. That's the only argument you need. If you think the expensive shitty wall is a good idea at this point you are just completely stupid and/or ignorant
Crowder glad you did this one! Most anti-wall people I've talked too all seem to have the mental block that a wall can't have gates and doors. Most also think that wall supporters are all anti-immigrant and anti-trade. Once these two things get exposed the vast majority of these people can't go further. I like to use AIRPORT SECURITY as an example to quickly get through these delusions to real meaningful facts of border security.
Clearly not a "master minded individual". I like the tagging of illegals though...
Why are people so dumb...? The ladys IQ was up in the s compared to that illiterate Spaniard....
I think X-ray vision would help to see into someones soul and decide if they are like worthy of being here.  Tax them anyway.  Im going to run for governor too so I can make a law that everyone has to be scanned and stuff.
The most epic part of the whole video: 10:00 . Watch this dude malfunction and twitch out.
Almost every Country in the EU has a wall border, why can't we? So weird they pick and choose things they like, remember kids life is not a build a bear workshop...
Don't build the wall...



4:35 o.O you know what? build it!
That bitch cray
Electronic ID tag, UMM like an RFID chip so we give up even more privacy than we already have?
Borders will become a thing of the past....... lol-- Because the US and Mexico are pretty much the same thing?
Steven, this woman needs to be covered with a black box and her voice doctored. A face blur isn't going to keep her safe from the people who watch this.
This was SO frustrating to listen to... "What if we visit family? How do we get back in?"  "You gotta make a path to citizenship....[then] just make them pay taxes."  Are you serious?
I am guessing that "stupid people" go on camera because they do not know they are stupid??
Sorry, people descended from Spain. Apparently yall are all retarded.
Theses people werent that bright
OK so the second guy was talking about tagging them. Like the way they do animals? You know like the when scientists capture an animal, tag them and then release them back into the wild so they can monitor them.
Lmao he just embarrassed himself and made himself look really ignorant
The ol' Steven bullshit percentages coming into play really grinds my gears..
X-Ray border. Priceless.
At least the second guy knows he's no mastermind
I wonder what kind of dystopian novels Leo has been reading
Its almost like they all know we need a wall, but they dont want to admit it because they hate Trump so much.
I think that if youre an illegal immigrant you should get nothing. No welfare, food stamps, free healthcare. We need to make it as miserable as possible for them. If theyre not getting free stuff and theyre not getting to work and make money then perhaps the American dream wont look so good to them. Also I think if somebody hires an illegal immigrant they should get their business taken away. We need to make it so that its not worth the risk to these people.
Borders will become a thing of the past once we discover an extraterrestrial civilization. It's not going to and it shouldn't happen before then.
Low IQ
4:22 "Let me assert my position because there might be areas here we disagree vs where we disagree." Yes, definitely Crowder. 
Alright lmafo. These are getting out of hand
You can't fix illegal immigration with concrete and steel, you do it with a pen and paper. The only way to reduce illegal immigration is by making legal immigration easier. A wall isn't going to do anything except drive up the number on the debt counter.
As someone who is somewhat pro-Trump, and VERY anti illegal... I think the wall is a terrible idea. The much better idea would be a massive crackdown on all employers... I'm talking massive incremental punitive action for anyone caught employing illegals. If you make it too painful for companies to hire illegals, they wont do it, even if they would otherwise want to. (And the gov can pocket a nice chunk of change on the side) if they dont have and cant get jobs, they will stop coming... (And more importantly, go home... Something the wall does not make happen)
The 2nd guy is basically talking about a Wall/border concept. Sigh* and he wants to be a future govenor? Note to self, stay away from New Mexico.
(In 50's announcer guy voice) "Yes guest citizen! Welcome to America ...with the power of RADAR!!"
If you dont have borders then you dont have a country
RIP X
The War on Drugs is such a crock of shit. We've had American troops defending the poppy fields over in the Middle East... And the government was caught running guns down into Mexico in exchange for drugs. The CIA are the biggest drug dealers in the world.
Quiero la pared manana. Trump is a good man who wants to protect us from losing our sovereignty. I came to this country years ago, and I understand why Trump wants to build the wall. The wall is the antithesis of the North American Union. Meaning merging three countries and turning them into one nation rule by parliaments. The globalist not just want to transform North America but South America too for "The Union of South Americas". This is dangerous preposition for all western citizens. Once all of America is transformed, then the New World Order will be set through the United Nations. Turning every nation into a communist systems, govern by the globalist. WAKE UP AMERICA BEFORE IS TOO LATE.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3NG_jAMgzSE              https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/North_American_Union      https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Union_of_South_American_Nations
Steven Crowder

>I am a leftist 
>Build the wall

Pick one
pray for New Mexico if this guy ever becomes governor
Did that woman with the blurred face have a plant in her drink?
you should censor the ladys id around her neck
I think that last guy makes sense.  Give them legal citizenship and add a tax as punishment for breaking the law.  Solving our boarder problem with technology rather then a archaic wall also is a great idea.
That was mind numbing... but expected as anyone against building the wall will be low IQ...
Came for the wall, stayed for the Walther
Sooo, how is the government supposed to tax people they dont know are here...
Yes, definitely spend three quarters of a trillion dollars on "X-Ray" machines that "scan your ID"
The lack of logic on that last guy was a pretty spectacular thing to behold....and extremely annoying.
How can you be against a border wall yet for tagging people so you can 'scan them electronically'?
Steves face at the end?? PRICELESS!! Lol
I am Mexican-American, born in Texas, raised in Mexico by Mexican parents. I study and work in the US. I cross the border almost every day. I want the wall built
That guy was not helping himself at all.
The fuck is this guy talking about?
Second guy is homosexual. Or on coke. Or both? Definitely gay.
Wow was leroy tringo tweaked out on flaka or something? Wtf was that? He spoke complete insanity.
Steven Crowder and his followers are a collection of jackasses.
what in the hell is the second guy even talking about??? im dying this shit is ridiculous
Right crowder!!!  I saw that look, you arent kidding. WOW what a loose cup cake
how about they fix their own goddamn country so we dont have to build the fucking wall.
Shockingly dumb people.
What's the wall going to do when there's a bunch of tunnels? It is wrong for illegal immigration. But is it really going to stop the problem by building a physical wall cuz I don't think it will and it just going to cost us a bunch of money.
That edited part is fishy. You never edit things
The people that pass by and just yell are proof that liberals are unable to have a reasonable discussion. Then again what do you expect from tall babies?
Could you please post your source for the illegal immigrant violent crime and homicide rate? Thanks in advance!
It's the Kalergi plan (White Genocide) https://twitter.com/redpillthread/status/991866611182292992
I think this boy has had his share of pharmaceuticals. Governor of New Mexico. Now thats a real dreamer, At best this guys going to flip burgers at the local burger king for the rest of his life.
I wonder what mastermind individuals would be able to invent this XRay database that could successfully establish this scientificle idea 
#xraygate is trending lol
just have stations where people crossing the boarder can show up and shoot a chip into their neck...  seems reasonable.
i praise you mr crowder for doing the lords work with these helpless souls
People who think with their feelings don't always argue for the wrong thing.. but they always argue for what smarter people manipulate them into feeling.. 

It's not about taxing immigrants.. it's about crime increasing AND undercutting American wages.. Then they vote for the same policies that made their countries a place they need to flee from.

We don't have enough jobs, homes or schools for everyone.. the country cannot support more people.
Most immigrants come by airplane so the wall would waste a lot of money.
That second guy, was at least well mannered, but man 0 critical thinking skills. Public school/common core at its finest.
People are not prioritizing the right way. They think that whatever way they prioritize IS the right way because it's their life, but it's selfish. People not prioritizing their thoughts correctly because of distractions is what's wrong with the world today. Especially in the United States. It's scary to the people who DO prioritize their thoughts correctly. This video shows that people have the ability to think critically but where they get most of their information is wrong. The internet was sold, water is bottled and sold, electricity is free but sold, people don't grow their own food anymore and rely on the next person. Get out while you can, people. There's no fixing this. It's too late.
Ummmmmmm. Your male quest was coked up!
Shouldn't you have blured the woman out more? Maybe even modified her voice? Aren't you putting her safety at risk by uploading a video showcasing her natural voice, hair and body shape? I would think the people she's talking about (whom are from the same apartment complex as she) would recognize her in no time from watching this video.
that spanish guy really likes to listen himself talk. even if it do not make any sense.
What's a wall going to do?
Ever heard about El Chapo and his posse #Tunnels
What about the Wright brothers?
....see where I'm going with this?
#BOATS
3:19 She said "loan shark money lending"...not laundering. Those captions were wrong. Pending and laundering aren't exactly the same thing.
Dont build a wall, build an X-ray wall that scans people when they cross the X-ray wall. Seems legit.
Is that guy suggesting a 1,954 mile X-ray border, A huge database that collects all the information of all the people passing through and a chip inside people with a GPS?
What is the source for the illegal immigrant homicide statistic?
That second guy... Im fully against building the wall but I cant agree with him cus he has no idea what hes talking about. Pick an intellectual to debate for once Crowder.
You'd have to be retarded to think a wall will keep cartels out.
That guy... not one thing he spoke dealt with build the wall, lost in his own words
The idea Leroy had is so on the line of science-fiction its crazy lmao not to mention it would be a huge violation of peoples privacy
Is it just me or is a wall way LESS oppressive than an x-Ray border with mandatory tagging of citizens and non-citizens alike w/scanner network keeping tabs on people's locations? I think the kid was trying so hard to seem opposed to "evil Trump's" policy that he accidentally suggesting something way more horrible.
X-ray scanner dude like really like stupid like yah   I can see the civil rights organizations tearing this guy apart. What a tard!!! Like Go smoke some more weed  dude
The 2nd person, I agree with to an extent. We should give the law abiding ones a chance to become a citizen. However my view is when even an illegal immigrant is found the first time: Process them, get their prints and DNA and create a record on them, tell them how to renter the country legally, provide them with the paperwork and some pamplets on the process then deport them. If they are caught a 2nd time in the country illegally, tell tem they are now banned from renetering the country and deport them. If they are caught a 3rd time, execution. That sounds harsh, but 3rd strike and your out, obviously this person will just keep breaking back into the country and sincetheir country obviously isen't going to stop them we must...But the wall should be built, we need a physical barrier to help stop them. No it won't stop them all, but it will stop a lot, and make it easier to catch them while making the attempt.
this guy is going to revolutionize x-ray technology one day.
changing your mind is never going to happen because you have it bolted shut
no border laws, no drug laws..period
it creates the problem and not fixes anything
This guy argued his point extremely poorly
"Tax them".... does thst include a tax on the many forms of welfare they already receive??
Oh come on, i was waiting for a real "change my mind"...
(Btw, can you try to debate someone that has an iq in the triple digit range?)
That guy is a dumbass
Drugs(ughhh)
call in the masterminds
That second dude has been watching to much star trek and sci fi movies lately. Come back to 2018 buddy
This is the second time I've gotten an ad for steven crowder on his own channel.
The first guy with the microphone, was he high? Or just really stupid.
That's just like... your opinion, man.
The spainish James Hetfield " people are gonna be traveling super fast-AHH" "todays standards-AAHH"  "any money they make-AHH"  This guy talks fast and has no clue about context or having a adult conversation. Talks real fast in the way a kid explains why he wants a new bike. Mildly retarded if you ask me.
People (read: libtards, democrats) see "build the wall" and their brain changes it to "keep ALL Mexicans out". Its very hard for many people to see past that. I hope its even harder for illegals to see past the wall.
Female privilege is real Change My Mind!!!!
That guy was speaking complete scyfy this x-Ray border doesnt exist and would not work as much as a physical wall
I would love to have a conversation with you regarding this topic, and maybe change your mind!
MAKE IT TALL

MAKE IT BEAUTIFUL
her face is on her ID badge....
The second guy is on a lot of drugs which caused him to fly faaaar away from his rocker and hit his head on a hard wall. X-Ray border He is never going to be the governor of New Mexico
The second guy basically wants a RFID chip implanted in everyone so the govt can track you.
Personally, I don't think building The Wall is necessary because just how the argument that criminals will still commit crimes even though there are laws, I feel that illegal immigration will still take place just in other more harsh and profound ways. It's sad that you weren't able to get an actual argument as to why The Wall shouldn't be built, but if you want real insight from people I would think have actual arguments and opinions on the matter then you should visit McAllen, TX or any of the surrounding areas.
That dude sounds stupid what are you on idiot
Mexican American for trump my family is from Jalisco became citizens I was born in California never on welfare...build the wall common sense come legally
Before I even listen to the video... big thumbs up to the guy with the Death From Above T-Shirt on.  Well done sir... well done indeed.
Why is Mexico so bad in the first place to the point where their citizens want to get the hell out of there. Is the real issue not the government of Mexico? What is Mexico doing.
Im about 2 minutes into Leroys bit....
This is the definition of incoherent rambling. Im scared that such uninformed people can vote.
First
Some kinda electronic Id tag
It's easy to change your mind on this one. We are 21 trillion dollars in debt. Fix the welfare state and drug war and you fix illegal immigration. Wall is useless and irresponsible based on those two things.
The stupid mexican guy starts bringing up tax when he mentions building the wall and immigration wtf
X Ray border, scientifical, plans to be governor of New Mexico for the last 3 years. He's a big dreamer, for sure.
The second guy should stop wasting time trying to act smart and should be looking for his missing chromosome
Homie talking Sci Fi shit!
How does he sit there listening to their bs. Way more patient then I am.
Sneaky Jared
Building a wall seems like a topical fix to a larger issue. The main issue at hand isn't that people are crossing illegally, it's why people are crossing the border. These people are often terrified to live where they do or see opportunity in America. Building a wall doesn't fix that, creating a better process for legal immigration is the best long term solution.
LeRoy...wtf are you even talking about?
hey crowder you forgot to blur out her pass she has around her neck.
I cant wait to see the next mayor of New Mexico on a ballot. His conspiracy theories on why he lost the election will be comic gold!
Is that an R32 in the back
Sure. Lets make everyone in the whole world citizens. What could go wrong?
That last guy actually didn't have a horrible idea, but the tweek is, drones that shoot id tags into illegal border crossers!
Idk but that statistic about illegal immigrants committing over a third of all homicides in the country sounds like BS
Zionist shill Crowder does not really want a wall. 

Unless his Jewish masters tell him to want one.
Personally, I don't see the point of building a wall. The majority of illegals come here legally, they just never leave. And beyond that, walls have failed twice before in history. I don't believe this is a "third times the charm" kind of situation. Just ask China and the French. I'm sure the Nazis and Huns would agree.
I am probably the only one who realizes this, but by picking a topic and randomly asking people out on the street to comment on it, one that you have clearly researched in advance, you are asking people who dont deal with politics much or who have simple ideas (I just dont like the idea of a wall being an example) and then using that research to attack what they say, because they dont have that backup knowledge. You have prepared for a debate and given them zero time to prepare. This is good entertainment sure, and im certain most people here love seeing "triggered lefties" but Trump supporters seem mental the same way people here do when put on the spot and asked to profess their beliefs in an unfiltered way.
Build a wall around yourself
That was impossible to watch. Please go back to college campuses. At least there I'm not cringing at the obviously retarded guy that you sat down with here.
11:03 lol 
"An X ray gate that just like reads your ID when your there"
I'm against building the wall but these are some of the dumbest things I've ever heard.
Dude I would of lost my shit talking to this dumb ass guest...
second guy describing the new terminator movie
Dont build the wall.. too expensive! Tax could have been use on other stuff or hire more people to guard the permitter? Idc tbh. Not my money.
Its like this guy trys so hard to be hated
that guy was off his meds lol
I am very curious to know how many people that oppose the wall live in gated communities or fenced in yards.
Just use the Obama era obamaphones send them to Mexico and use those to track illegal immigrants Kappa
This guy is willing to give up HIS Individual rights in order for the Government to follow immigrants via everyone being tracked it's insane? and people clap, Its madness, what has happened to the world, these people constantly make excuses for the agenda, zero facts, It's nuts why don't they awake with the counter-argument my god, how can't they acknowledge the factual argument and not see sense I cant understand it. I Figured it out, Emotion.
Dat Crowder face at the end makes this video so worth it xD
The wall at the border is the same as a front door on your home.
I like my front door, especially when im sleeping.
"scientifical"
ahh the liberalization of west texas . soon itll be as broke as commiefornia
Drugsuh fastuh yearsuh testuh yesuh
I SUPPORT TRUMP | Change My Mind
Razorfist did a video on this topic a while back.  Just build the damn wall already, I say.
You could've brought up cost of the wall. You could've brought up DACA. You could have brought up the role illegal immigrants play in farming and the economy.

But no

"X-RAY BORDERS DESIGNED BY MASTERMINDS"
Leroy is a fucking moron
That guy said his family has been in new mexico since the 1550s...that doesnt make any since, that part of America wasnt explored until the 1800s...
This guy just described the tracking system from GATTACA
The second guy talks so much but completely says nothing with significant value.
Haha xray border. Let's just distribute cancer.
i lik-eeed it-aaaaa
DONT Build a Mic Stand. Change My Mind
Has anyone ever changed this guys mind
"We shouldn't have a wall, but rather this this x-ray/scanning machine that scans everything and everyone who passes it."

- So what, we'll have this gaint sign in the middle of the border saying "scan here for citizenship" or is it going to be a machine that extends along the entire border?
Good lord, X-ray border...
Steven, I don't like something about this series. It seems like you are setting pedestrians up for failure. I'm glad you are fuzzing their face btw. You come VERY prepared to debate and random people come up passionate but not ready and look like fools. Do you announce your plans to sit down?
Lee Roy Trujillo is one First Class Idiot, with NO IDEA what he is talking about.
You are demonitized boiii
Immigrants dont bring drugsa
Give all the mexicans shock collars that shock them at the border. Would work just as well as the "x-ray" border
Building the wall would fuck over america and cause mayor debt
I'm 100% certain that the man being interviewed is high.   agree or disagree?
I appreciate that Leroy was respectful.

Although, his ideas were not good.
Many times people who are against the wall think that trump wants to deport everyone and not open a pathway to citizenship. They do not realize that a border wall incentivizes immigrants to gain citizenship. Opening the border allows anyone to bring anything into the country without any regulation. There isn't a country in the world that does that. I am not against immigration, my family's ancestry are immigrates, I am against illegal immigration. I do not know why that is such a difficult concept for people to understand
Governor Leroy Jenkins sure cant wait to blast some illegal immigrants with gamma rays. Maybe a wall around New Mexico will suffice.
I can't watch this, I dont support a border but these people dont know how to debate this issue.
Wow, this first dude is retarded.  Making New Mexicans look bad.  We're not all that dumb, but there are a lot of them like that here unfortunately.
I didn't know xrays could log passcodes... that was a surprise... How Leroy managed to tie his shoelaces... now THAT'S a mystery!
What? Where is this 37% illegal immigrant homicide rate from? That was pulled out of nowhere.
What a waste of time
? This dude is describing orwellian nightmare! So funny! Not....
If your here legally u won't have to worry about getting deported when you call the police for help. That simple.
Xray borders are the future! Every home and store will have an xray border! XD
Most illegal immigrants are not from illegal passes in to the usa but overstays of visas, immigration reform is key but a wall will be a waste of money and symbolizes  American isolationism. Money should be put in checking on people or the control of people with visas. Also with isolationism America will give China the upper hand in being a global leader and it only increases with the trade wars, nato handling of trump and resigning from paris accords and TPP.
The physical wall is stupid af. Not border protection.
Stop the wall! Build an X-Ray border!

legit retarded.
Nice. Go ahead and cherry pick those who can't form coherent argument. All countries have to deal with illegal immigration and have their own ways to curb it. But building a wall is dumb because it's ineffective and costly. Anyone for building a wall, please feel free to change my mind by coming up with a specific plan to fund and build the wall and how it will actually stop illegal immigration. I'll be waiting.
My only concern is that many wild animals cross true both countries to either mate or just simply eat. The wall would but a lot of pressure on these already pressured animals. I'm all for having proper immigration laws but it can't only be about people. Animals are just as important. Environmental issues are my only problem with trump.
OMFG the Leroy dude plans on being the Governor of New Mexico and still uses made up words like "scientifical"... I'm concerned to say the least
Where can I find sources that backup the statistics you mention about illegal immigrant crimes ?
Im just a cheap prick... :(   But I would like to buy a mug...  ...Anyway, that second guy, does he want everyone to have a barcode? an RFDI chip? The mark of the beast and all that hoopla??? 

Keep up the cool work!
This land was stolen from Native Americans is just a matter of time for them to take over it any time now
X-Ray scanners sound fucking awesome. If only they could exist at such a large scale as a border-long wall.
Dammit Leeroy!!

Edit: is this guy really suggesting that everyone get an ID code imprinted on them for an X-ray scanner? That sounds like mark of the beast, Antichrist type shit.. no thanks guy.
Wow great idea Leroy! Lets microchip every Mexican citizen and keep track of their comings and goings with an X-ray border. Thats the kind of idea that will sweep Leroy into the New Mexican governors mansion. If trump did that tm the left would say that he is microchipping them like animals and politicians on the left would cry because its so cruel. This is why you cant take anyone on the left seriously. Leroy needs a brain scan, and to read more.
It's been a while since Steven has interviewed someone with a sub-80 IQ until now. Faith in the existence of stupid people still being on Earth is restored LOL.
holy shit... holy... fucking... shit.
That guy sounds intelligent enough to be the governor of New Mexico.
An x-Ray Border...
That first older lady is the perfect type of person ICE would love to have as an informant. As long as they could ensure her safety she would most likely be able to name dozens of illegal immigrants to deport
Leroy proposed a lot of expensive and dangerous ideas...
LMAAOO that Beginning
Wow Steven Crowder your a dummy! First of all the entire Country was put together illigally, we massacred all the Native Americans and we took half of Mexico's land also nefariously! Now go fuck yourself and go back to Canada you fucken dumb ass! Now convince me you are not retarded!
Why is Steven wearing checkered vans
That kid is an idiot
Steven, you need to debate some actually competent people. These people are certifiably retarded.
That guy being interviewed had a low IQ. Why make a checkpoint that people can walk around 100 yards down from? You need a wall to protect people from bypassing your checkpoint and exploiting your entire system. That quest was REALLY fucking dumb to be honest and I'm not just trying to throw the word dumb out there to discredit him, he had some really stupid thoughts in his brain which can't work on paper or in real life.
That gentleman was cartoonishly dumb. I'm no genius and I'm not just dismissing him as an idiot because of his opinions but GOD DAMN! He couldn't have come up with less informed answers if he tried. Illegal immigration problem? Bam! Make them legal and tax them. Thanks! That's solved now. I have an idea for Americas economy. Let's have everyone earn a lot of money. Wow! This is easy.
Cringy AF.
Mexicans whine about racism in America, but MEXICANS are actually more racist towards other immigrants from South American countries. In mexico i say they are far more racist and aggressive towards others. Trust me, both of my parents are from mexico and they told me all about this shit. I had no clue about this 
lmaoo blurred out her face, but not her face on the id
Build The FUCKING Wall ........ !
Only a couple of them wont pay taxes lmao hundreds of thousands already dont pay paxes
Surely leroy didnt post that video lmao i wonder if he watched it/this later and realized how dumb he sounded 

" I plan on being the governor of New Mexico one day so yeah"
As licensed healthcare professional, I must concede that there are some serious issues with the people in this video and liberals in general. Victimology is a sickness.
"We need like a X-Ray border" --> If this is the logic anti-wall people use then they don't deserve to have a say in it.
It sounds like that guy is advocating a 1,000+mile long invisible fence like you would have for your pets.
Stop getting on people's faces like you want to kiss them
WTF??? is this guy talking about. How can Steven keep a straight face through this X-ray ID checking border, future governors idea?
I think that last guy was actually retarded
The First Lady got destroyed in the first 5 minutes hahah
"Liberalism is a mental disorder" Change my mind

It was joke damn calm down
4:23 we might find some areas where we disagree versus areas where we disagree
wow that second guy is legit retarded
Hi I'm a cheap prick that WOULD watch your daily show but can't afford it :3
opiates are an issue but this guy is just nuts, t
You need to come to Massachusetts
That be a good gubernatorial race
Mr. Crowder, thank you for bringing to light how stupid people are. 

 I'd like to think if the 2nd simpleton who spoke watched himself speaking, he would realize how much of a moron he sounds like. But, he most likely is sharing the video to his ignorant fans, claiming he owned Steven in a debate. 

Keep them coming boss, I love to see and listen to the tolerant, non hateful liberals, and their general views of the fantasy world they live in. Morons, all of them....

Keep up the hard work Crowder crew, thank you!
The worst thing is that this is the best interview that they got on this day...
These 'community talks' do nothing but make the Red or Blue team your pandering to smile over people's comments who arent prepared with well thought out points and arguments for a debate. I would be more interested in 2 like minded people on the subject with opposing views debate... this is just silly
Hahahahahaha could not believe this one wasn't scripted ahahahha
Yeah give em all 
How do you not start laughing with the things this guy says? LOL
Hahahaha x Ray scanner
Borders will be a thing of the past? Borders have protected civilization since their inception. The day borders are done away with, is the day the world will fall into chaos. There is a reason things are the way they are: Because they are the best way to keep things running smoothly. This explosion of social activism is destroying modern society. Why would I want to accept someone who talks down to me because of something that someone who only looks like me said. Why should I care about the feelings of those who claim I hurt them by simply * existing*? Some (if we make it that long) the country will look back at this time as the perfect example of how societies should not try to be.
What surprised me is how much people don't know about the subject and you can tell they have not thought it through.
Nice Indians hat, NGJ!!!!  

CLE LOVE!!
00:10 Wht in the only FFF?!?!
"X-ray border"
Why are your videos becoming shorter ?
I'm from Santa Fe too and this guy is actually pretty far right compared to these idiot lefties here.  They think like that guy too.  An x Ray border.  Omg. These people don't realize reality.
bruh nothin against mexicans, but this one here is an idiot. at some point i started thinking "wtf is he talking about?"
Yes, a lot of Mexicans are hard working as fuck. BUT, many bring drugs, crime, ect into our country. On top of that, it is ILLEGAL and morally wrong to jump the border as you are so called cutting the line of people waiting to get into our country!
the debate with the second guy is how debates should be, even tho i dont agree with that guy(i agreed with steven this entire video) he wasnt making it a violent debate and where people would just make insults towards steven like in the past
That dude is fuckin idiot
Hahaha X-rays
That was painful...
Ask a Lib if they have a fence around there house
that face at the end says it all
Druh  uggs.
Send them all back.
Im not Mexican my family is Spanish lmao pinche puto maricon! Looks more Mexican than I do.
dude in the white shirt was high
X-ray border 
Leroy is contradicting himself he said he doesn't want to go a wall and doesn't believe in borders yet he says that there should be an X-Ray border with advance chips that could be picked up by sensors and also allowing the person to enter a reason to enter, which is free flowing???.... so wouldn't that just be like having a wall and a Port of Entry with people holding passport and visa to get in legally?
Do a global warming isnt real change my mind
I saw him in Austin!  He's buffer than he looks
Build the wall....You cant have everyone single person live here in the US. The country can not afford it, the country would go under. We our already 20 trillion in debt and this the illegal to the economy is wrong. More money is being spent on illegals then the money they put back into the country. California is already an example of uncontrolled immigration policy by the state, crime and homeless rate are skyrocketing..
That was painful.
i want boarders, these dumb people who do not want boarders do not know how to see the bigger picture of being a world government, Mob voting world be completely abused since there is way more idiots then smart people
Here I'll give you a good reason why building a wall is pointless. These people will avoid  the wall if it becomes too much a deterrent which leads the sea routes open to get used, or they smuggle people like they have been through trucks. Having the sea route cross it would be much more heartbreaking for when migrants boat across in the thousands and half of them die in stormy conditions vs them trying to get in through known passages.  Unless we will also have a sea wall built too which will disrupt ship trading too or we will have more boarder watching with the coastal guards. These people are desperate to cross the boarder to escape something that we do not understand. I think we need to find out why they are crossing and see what we can do to aid their situation for the real solution. Why are we not seeing Canadians crossing our boarders as much as the Mexicans. Obviously something is wrong there. But in the end this could be an issue with capitalism as they go to the places where labor is the cheapest and in Mexico they have some dirt cheap labor.

Also unfortunately the guys response about an xray boarder will not prevent someone from leaving their tag away from them or taken it out how do we detect these people then? You got to do something to prevent it cause once someone finds a way to break something that word spreads. Even with a written response now you need someone to read so you do need some border agency to do that job. Then there is the other implementations of not having a boarder now the US will send it's army to Mexico cause boarders are a non existent thing and will only start up conquest in the modern day and fights about who owns what part of land. That and plus I don't think many of these people understand that most migrants that come here SEND money back to Mexico. So now we are losing that money that are not going back into our economy and being sent to a different one that is a parasite and it is only going to keep growing. 

Here is a benefit though a lot of our GDP comes from economic migrants buying Americans goods cause they are extremely cheap here vs the extremely high taxed items that they sell there on the black markets. So some of our GDP comes from these migrants who vacation and fund their vacation through buying goods that are expensive and under cuts their markets there because of high taxes. I've talked to hundreds of people like this they tend to buy gaming consoles and technology when they do this cause those are items that are highly taxed on.
I hear people say they pay taxes and put money in the community but I know for a fact most Mexicans and south Americans send most of the money to their families back home. That is why many live in huge groups in one house. That is not helping our countries economy. I know a few Mexicans who have 2 to 3 houses in Mexico they bought from working fast food here. That is most definitely not helping the US economy but rather helping the Mexico economy.
The most impressive part of this entire video, was Steven's ability to maintain a straight face.
that second guy sucks. he doesn't know shit about western life and wants to telll us how to live while he is illegal. these people are legit crazy.
Dont waste your time with the retards
So the Spanish kid toward the end of the video is essentially saying he wants to keep strangers and criminals and thieves from coming into his house and only let people in that he's okay with but he doesn't want his house to have any walls or doors or Windows. Yeah that makes perfect sense.
And this is why we need a wall.
That guy was a hoot
Actual retards.
He is trying to mislead people with misleading questions.

The reason why the wall doesnt work is simple.

Illegals come over via airplanes and overstay their visa.

There are many ways to get into the country without going over the border walls.

People can still climb or go under the wall. Its not rocket science. The wall will not deter people.

There are ALREADY walls in place along the most trafficked areas along the border. Why are we wasting money to rebuild a wall Thads already there?

A wall without patrols is useless. There are already patrols, so the wall wont make it any harder or cheaper.

It cost money to maintain the wall. Its not free.

Mind Changed. 
13:15 - Perfect
I think it would be good for people that are skeptical that you might be deceptively editing these that you might want to put up the full unedited version up somewhere. Yeah it would be a lot of nothing going on for a good portion of it but it would sway any naysayers.
"I would have to talk with a group of individuals, like goverment funded think tank so we work it out." FUCK THESE PEOPLE!
"We could, like, I don't know, electronically tag them, or something." 
Sure. We could tag everyone else in the world with cattle tags! Easy. Just a big yellow tag in ear, so we knew where they all were at any given moment. Not like the "Mark of the beast," or anything... Mark of the cow, well...
"Maybe have some magic chip that sees if youre legal or not" Holy shit, these  \fucking people really arent sending their best
Yeah yeah a magic x-ray machine type thingy that will work. Leroy should be deported for being a dumbazz.
just make them pass the courses....um ok, how? just make them!
X-ray gate, really. You mean a scanner.  You still need a check point that makes people go through it. "People in cults don't know there in cults" -MP
I work with Mexicans everyday and the people I work with are for the most part hard working people. I don't know if they're here legally or not. I do think we need border security.
Regardless of how well the people argued against him, it's still retarded to actually think that building a physical wall along the entire freaking border is a good idea.
If that guy ever becomes Governer of Arizona, we are exiling the whole state...
Steven 'because I wanna make sure' crowder
AN X-RAY BORDER
This one was kinda boring.
You know what, fuck it. Let's make that guy governor because I'm really curious to find out how the xray wall would work.
Leroy cocaines a hell of a drug buddy
Build the wall so Trumpty Dumpty can have a big fall from it!
Fix that patchy-ass beard and you could be handsome as a motherfucker
Hard to watch cause that guy was so dumb
Support your local High Tory Gang
You Face at the end SAYS IT ALL! ROTFFLMAO!
Wow not 37 percent! That is a lie! Immigrants especially illegal immigrants commit less crime to not get deported! Duh! They are often victims of crimes because the law doesnt protect them! This guy is such a liar! I might respect him and his views if he didnt flat out make up statistics
Native Americans were greatly affected by the European colonization of the Americas, which began in 1492, and their population declined precipitously due to introduced diseases, warfare and slavery.
Stay away from GO GREEN GLOBAL!
Love that X-ray wall (laughing emoji)
Videogame industry is fucking up big time. No more FPS. We need more SRPG. More SIM games. War SIM games.
More like Cringe my Mind ...
Im going to build a wall around my TV so I dont have to watch pseudo-intellectual mouth breathers (the Spanish guy whos not Mexican but has a 500-year Mexican family history) explain why building a border wall is an inappropriate method of (potentially) deterring illegal migrant crossings.
A physical wall will not prevent illegal immigrants from entering your country. It will only promote bad practices in Mexico with human smuggling and the like. Instead of fighting against immigrants, accept them, work with them and integrate them into society properly. Don't stack them together in 1 place, spread them evenly over spaces so that it is never "obvious" that there are immigrants. Having mexican/latino/black communities is the WORST thing you can do for integration into society. America kinda ruined any chance of getting rid of that, but yeah, you should not be doing that in the future.
Also, instead of trying fight against drugs, understand why they are coming in and why they are sold. There is massive problem in society if people turn to drugs in their regular life (talking about real drugs, not marihuana).
I'm thinking leroy was taking some of those illegal drugs.... seems like he drinking coca cola if you know what i mean.
How the hell did she get the idea that the wall would revoke our freedom of movement?
Oof. This was painful to watch. It's so disheartening to see people bending reality in their minds to justify a broken, worthless worldview.
This channel is too good! Btw guys Ive made a YouTube channel and Ive done 3 vids so far and Id appreciate it if yall check it out and maybe like the vids and subscribe to me! Thank you all and have a good days guys!
2nd guy is dumb
OMG! Sorry but I can't listen to this IDIOT! ROTFFLMAO!
At least when you go to the Universitys they have lucite thoughts
Thought that was the Jaws theme starting there at 5:17.
Let's just like put tracking chips in everyone. Like that's not like intrusive or worse than a wall.
This guy with camera needs an X-ray
The mexican dude goes "Im not mexican Im spanish, my parents were in mexico since the 1550s." ...... yeah aka you're a mexican, with a lot of clearly mexxy features.
why does he only use interviews with two people who are seemingly mentally ill and/or on drugs... if he was able to find a mildly intellectual person that could have provided a decent argument crowder would have been owned (the wall is one of the most retarded ideas ive ever heard and goes against almost all of crowders libertarian values) this would have been a better video. this basically the opposite of what the change my mind videos are supposed to be.
"No borders, but tag illegals like wild animals to track their movement"

Yeah, buddy, let's do that.
that was painful.
Please blurr out her name tag also.
Have a Citation page to hand out to the people so they can change thier minds.
Spain - conquered, raped and slaved. Saved later and brought back into European culture, but still had that dumb rape gene. Then, Spain goes to the Americas and murders and rapes and slaves the locals there. Now, its the US's problem to treat their babies like they will grow up into regular ole Joe's? Indian-rape babies. Babies do grow up.

I keep saying, refer to Jewish wisdom. read the part about babies and walls.

That last 5 min had me rolling, side note; Crowder the wall couldnt keep the mongolians out how do you expect it to keep out mexicans?
I hope that woman stays safe. Whether she reports or not she shouldnt have to live like that.
Well done to Steven for being able to listen to that guy that said he wanted to become the governor of New Mexico. Double well done for not breaking down with laughter.
Damn. When will the whole blame the immigrants thing end? Been doing it for thousands of years now. Good luck with all that bud. Personally Im Native American. All you immigrants, especially the paler ones, can feel free to get the fuck out.
BRING BACK YUSEF #CHANGEMYMIND
"so like, you can tax those people and put it back into the country"

You mean...LIKE WHEN THEYRE LEGALLY HERE AND ARE TAXED LIKE EVERYINR ELSE?
That did is a complete and utter dumbass. Holy shit Ive never heard someone spew completely nothingness for so long and so confidently. Listening to Leroy talk was hurting my brain.
Mr. X-Ray-Man, the future governor of Mexico, is a DUMBASS RETARD who's stupid is spilling out his mouth!!!
You should have told the future governor of new mexico there that obama built a "virtual fence" with scanners and the like and it failed.
FUCK this guy can barely speak, and HE wants to be the governor??
"Today's standards?" Is he being corrupt or just ignorant? He's talking about two different standards, BOTH existing today. One held by Corporatists (fascists) and Leftists (nihilists, sadists, and haters), and one held by people who want to survive and to survive by the standards of the United States. Anyone who would pick the former needs not be listened to. But congrats Crowder on normalizing and justifiying such absurd worldviews by pretending they are just another view that deserves to be heard. I can see it, "I'm against you overtaking my country and culture. Change my mind."  "I am for a government acknowledging inalienable rights. Change my mind". Really stupid.
doesn't want immigrants to come here legally and doesn't want to deport them, but wants to tag people with electronic chips to track them -- Mexican guy
The wall idea is too scary and too invasive. Lets just chip everyone and have the state track every move they make.
Like wow like an x-ray machine...what an ass.
Doesn't want to stop illegal immigrants from entering  then says there should be some kind of process to get illegals citenship...ya moron its called LEGALLY ENTERING THE COUNTRY YOU DICK
Hi Steven,
when are you coming to Northern CAlifornia, I would like to sit down and discuss this topic with you. On camera.
Guy Number 2 with camera (LeeRoy): Im an idiot with strong opinions, so when you ask me how my plan would actually work logistically, I have no clue and would have to defer to needing mastermind individuals and everyone should have an electronic tag and an X-ray machine is needed to scan people coming over the border. 
So your not ok with a border wall, but chipping people and using x ray scanners isn't a violation of human rights? Personally I feel a border wall is the best solution to keep illegals out and still have a steady stream of legals coming in.  It's amazing how casually people write of the criminal act of crossing a border illegally. It's that way everywhere around the world! In fact most countrys have stricter borders.....
That dude had too many Tide Pods........
End welfare and no need for the wall.
I feel like the guy just described having the same wall in question but it being super advanced in technology just to avoid agreeing with Trump
Wow
What the hell!! This dude throws freedom, our American freedom, out the window!!!!! New Mexico poor you guys!
how is the wall hated so much but the great wall of China seen as art?
After listening to that kid, its easy to see where the term dreamer comes from.
Wall won't work at all.
Change my mind.
Wait...Can we use the money that people pay to register for DACA to fund the wall??? 

> Register for DACA - You fund the border wall
> Don't register for DACA - You're here illegally, so you get deported

Winning?
I think the wall is the only way to secure such a large area but the media has blown it out of proportion. The wall is no longer a wall and more of a malicious, but metaphorical, blockade of the border, seen to be blocking out anyone from entering or exiting. Of course, this is the purpose and the purpose is very important (to intelligent people) so should, in my eyes, be done. 
It's almost like writers using doors to present secrecy and a hidden side of a personality. This wall presents a racist society that doesn't agree with any sort of immigration, which it is not and the media has, once again, blown the whole situation out of proportion.

Maybe some people are against the wall, but if they are then they should be properly educated that illegal immigration may benefit the country while they are in the country, but as soon as they leave then the benefit is completely lost and put into the next country they travel to, causing economical disasters to the country they illegally entered.
This is painful to watch....how stupid can people be...
I dont think they should build a wall but they should do something like give them heavier sanctions for being an illegal immigrant
That look on Steven's face at the end says it all. lol
This guys has made me lose all my faith in people!! #stupidpeople!!!
Drugza lol what a tool.
Building a wall is not gonna stop anything. Save us the billions of tax dollars and do something more productive.
Build the wall. Build the 5G towers. Microchip the people. New World Order! New World Order! LMFAO this world's fucked!
The look on Steven's face at the end was priceless! That dude was absolutely insane....LOL
Omg I think I am brain dead now.
The wall just got 10ft higher.
You can't have a gate without a wall, even the scientifical x-ray ones.
Yummy!!
He didn't want a wall, he just wants you to microchip them all, x-ray them, and track them wherever they go.  That Spanish dude is scarier than trump
That second dude was such an idiot talking about let them come and we can tax them etc etc. Issue is not just economical. Issue is also with demographic changes. You get enough of them and they all vote for expanding welfare parties then USA is fcuked.
WOW!!!..Some people are just plain STUPID!!!
WTF did I just watch?
Id Never Vote That Guy Too Be My Govener He Doesnt know what the actual problems In New Mexico really are
Who's supposed to pay for this wall? 
Change My Mind.
@2:08 " ..already starting wars down there .. I'm talking to much now..". I had a Mexican tell me white Americans were in for a big surprise after the elections... We've seen some horrid shit happen these last 2 years ... I'm thinking there's more....
Sounds like that guy (10:25) wants to tag mexicans like wildlife lol
Im Mexican American but this new generation of immigrants have a sense of entitlement I have never seen or experienced in my life. My parents raised me with a sense of humility. This wasnt their home country, so they kept a low profile, they worked and understood their position. Its so weird to me when youre here illegally and youre out there making demands of any kind...
Steven with the information that she's provided by , I think that you probably need to blur her arms and maybe even her shirt so she would not be recognized by the people in her apartment community that may want to do her harm.
Whatever way you lean politically, the wall simply will not work. Most fly in and overstay their visas.  Huge waste of money for something purely symbolic.
The Earth is flat / Change my mind.
These people are so fucking stupid its blowing my mind they got threw life as long as they did.
"Statistically these groups commit a disproportionate amount of crimes."  "But but everybody commits crime!"
EYY!!! I see that CRTV ad
Like a tag kinda like the Jews had to have the Star of David but The President is the next hitler
we need an x ray system at the border instead of the wall... thats a first
Its a waste of money!!!!
we need to export mentally retarded people.
I like how he walked off thinking he had done a great job
You were too polite with the spanish guy, he was a dumbass
X-Ray borders.. so we assure that everyone crossing did not break their leg
Dude. Your face at the end almost made me LOL.
this guy knows the right places to put his stand, notice how he put it on a corner of the street in austin which probably has a large mexican population and only debated with uneducated people. why doesnt he put it at a university like he has with some of his others. even a conservative knows that most of the illegal immigrants in the U.S are just immigrants that came here LEGALLY and just overstayed their visa. a small percentage are ones who crossed the border illegally. the wall wont make a difference for the majority of illegal immigrants.
everyone calm down, immigration has been solved.. all we needed was x-ray borders
Future governor of New Mexico, folks.
Que fucking estupido that guy was!!
The second dude wanted to chip (the mark of the beast) the  illegals? ? Right, cuz that would be so much more humane than just building a wall.  Geeze
Mentally ill, low IQ guests
Mexican poverty is extreme, 42% of the mexican population makes less than $5.00 a day.
6 billion of the planet are below their poverty limit.
http://wid.world/world/#anninc_p0p100_992_i/US;FR;DE;CN;ZA;GB;WO/last/eu/k/p/yearly/a/false/0/75000/curve/false/country

We make 12x the money, and our goods our 2-4x the cost. 
Let that sink in.
42% of their country couldnt buy a house worth 20k without severely going in debt for the rest of their life.
With overtime working a full 60 hr. Week they make roughly about $1,700 annually.
You justify that and say their goods are cheaper right?
Our minimum wage kid can buy about 5 burger combos from mcdonalds for 2 people with a days work -
The comprable mexican adult can buy 1 burger combo for 1 person for a days work. 

You didn't realize you were rich did you?


When they come over legally, typically we take their strong, not their weak.

One advantage that mexico has is they are neighbors with the most powerful  country in the world. They could easily prosper if they worked themselves right.

When we take their strong, they're losing their reformers, their pioneers, their future, and allowing the weak of the nation to fend for themselves amongst the wolves and vultures already in power.

Who would america be without our strong founding fathers fighting the british rule. 

Too many people think out of blinded emotion instead of really analyzing the issue.
Second guy. Complete dumbass with Clinton Crime Network education.
"x-ray border" -- enough said lmao
Wow that guy was dumb, did I hear he was running for governor??? He definitely speaks for his liberal constituents..........
Jared! Stand up straight! Lol
I got to give Leroy some props, it takes a lot of balls to get up there and show the world how fuckin retarded he is
I disagree with building a wall because the immigrants will just find other ways to get in and the wall will just cost money. However I think the way we secure the border needs to be changed and enforced more. Also they need to deport the whole family at once the whole problem right now is that the parents are being deported and the kids are staying here they all need to be deported.
drugzuh
Delusional! An electronic border??? What a computer chip in everyones wrist, or "the # of the beast"?If they get denied crossing do they get tazed from a central command center? Do these people that don't believe in borders lock the door of there home at night? Do they lock there home when they leave the house, or does anyone just come and go as they please?
#BuildTheXrayGate
I know it kinda sound dumb but wouldnt it be cheaper to just build a fence?
An X-Ray border. Ok
cringe
LEEEEEROOOOYYY UHHHHH-JEEEENKINS
What was he trying to formulate? An X-Ray Tracking System, really?!?!?
I could feel my IQ plumiting down just listening to this guy!!  Geez
As soon as you determine you're talking to a complete moron, you should just thank them for their time and wish them a good day and be done with it.
cause the wall is so much money thats a waste of money, they will come anyways
No shit whites can easily be racist all they have to do is replace it with we need a wall and border security and then ask how are they racist? Other people of color cant do that , minoritys arent the only immigrants theres whites too oh but nobody ever mentions that right fuck that at this point who cares its better to let the world fall then let the whites win and continue to kill everyone and rape little kids fuck u
How to make profit from or decrease illegal immigration DIY Life Hack  
1. Capture immigrants and bring them to camps in truckloads
2. Castrate them 
3. Force them to do manual labor
(Optional) 4. Send 'em back to where they came from if you are too pussy to work them to death
Hi this might make me sound like an idiot, but how would a wall help us? I'm actually curious but a little confused to be honest
well as far as the percentage of illegals committing crimes. 100%, crossing the border illegally is a crime rendering ALL illegals criminals by default.
I think the wall isnt going to stop tunnels from being dug and its not rockets science to build a latter. Its just a waste of taxes especially when most Illegal emigrants come here on planes and dont go back home. Sure we should have some kind of boarder patrol or something but a simple wall isnt the best answer in this day and age. Even though that Hispanic person didnt sound that intelligent he sounded a lot smarter than trump
Just make a comp video of stupid people yelling stupid things at you!! Like "build a wall with your ass"! That's hilarious.
Holy crap the stupid is painful to watch...... "lazer gates," so, like, um....a wall of some sort?
wall is stupid
X-Ray scanner, you know?
So, THESE are the people I've been hearing so much about.. The mighty TIDE POD eaters.
Everyone that doesnt want the wall Built, has no idea what theyre talking about. Its the same with guns.
Youe average low IQ immigrant might pay a little tax from their minimum wage job but they will be collecting vastly more in welfare and social security payments never mind the costs associated with the ones that are criminals.
hello mr crowder. I'm a long time listener of your show and channel and a grateful supporter of mugclub. I remember you doing a reaction video of sorts a few years ago on the clip of "the newsroom" that went viral at the time and had given a very good explanation of the clip and the speech within it. If possible I thought I would ask if you may do a similar video on "the great dictator" speech. I would very much like your take on that speech. P.S. still love these change my mind segments! Thought the last guys ideas were even more invasive than a wall haha!
i think you should blur that lady better just for her safety.
No wall, no borders man, just build an xray wall border, we dont need borders just xray them while they cross the border.
Is that Spanish guy for real?! Lmao x-ray border? Make the whole border an x-ray machine? For fuck sake man, he's not even capable of being governor of a PTA let alone an entire state
Bro, we can barely find funding for a brick wall to be built and this dude wants a freaking x-ray border that covers ~1,954 miles!! Bro!! and now you want the government to be able to track immigrants wherever they go??? I am speechless... like, governor of New Mexico?! Lord have mercy!!
Why is she carrying a plant in a plastic bottle....
This would gave been a good video had your participants been remotely knowledgeable. "I dunno, like maybe..." is not a good precursor to an intelligible response.
Leroy needs to stop watching movies and the news...probably should lay off the video games and start reading some books and possibly learning how the world actually works before even commenting on how things are done.
What he proposed sounded exactly like what the wall and security would be doing but he is against it because of what he heard from the news....he isnt logical enough to understand what he proposed and what is happening are the same thing but still pushes on to agree with it on his own side and disagree with the other side that is proposing the same idea....making perfect sense...
I wish you would post your data sources
Magic X-Ray scanner that tags and tracks people... along the whole length of the Mexican US border... This guy is an idiot.
I agree with most of your opinions on immigration, but where did you get your stats?

"According to the US Department of Justice, African Americans accounted for 52.5% of all homicide offenders from 1980 to 2008, with whites 45.3% and "Other" 2.2%."
You know that feeling you get when you read someone like Plato or Aristotle and you think "holy cow, they thought this up thousands of years before I did and thought about it so much more thoroughly than me...maybe I shouldn't pretend to know so much"?  

Leroy doesn't
Hey Crowder, why do you only show the unintelligent arguments in your discussions? Its like your afraid to show people what a real debate looks like. You clearly educate yourself before a show(as you should), but then go on to pick the most dim witted people to make a funny compilation. Great fun, but it proves absolutely nothing at the end of the day... Good job muddying the waters with more false info. Physical walls dont keep boarders safe and they definitely dont stop drugs(look at any other walled boarder in the world). I bet after this is done though, you feel a lot better about your micro peanut
4 minutes in. Damn that woman broke my heart. She seem so innocent and have well intentions. She even asked you how she could help get rid of bad people in her neighborhood!
The only arguments i have against the wall is it's too literal and simplistic, it won't stop illegal immigration and it's a waste of money. But crowder did mention he wasn't just in favor of the wall but of tightening border security.
I wish i couldve sat down. Those where terrible arguments
@11:40  this guy needs to go to school before he sits down again
I wish there was more to this segment, I'm curious what crowder has to say about the wall. I feel like it will be a waste of money because it won't be long before people find a way over, under, around or through it. if I'm not mistaken I think trump said something about making it a fence because of cost issues with the wall, which is even worse...
Can you link to sources on the data you use in these videos? That would be helpful!
The last guy has his head so far up his ass he can see 90s scifi movies on repeat!
Say it with me, "X-rays..."
How much coke was homeboy on?
What the USA needs is more super high IQ examples like this chap.  Make people walk through an X ray border, sounds smashing.
Razorfist made the best argument for the wall that I've heard.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UOOBlcOIcLs
This is the most hilarious Change My Mind that you've done. Great comedy!
Why the fuck can't these people get their heads around the term ILLEGAL? Fill out the forms, pay the fee, no one has a problem with that. You jump the queue anywhere else and people get mad, changed a country? All of a sudden outs not a problem
Why's he trying to so sound like Enrique Iglesias if is family has been in the U.S since 1550..
I like how he contradicted himself the entire discussion
Enough of them are involved in criminal activity to be a concern.
I'm so ashamed of being a Latino!!! Some day I will enter USA legally and became an American Citizen so I will stop saying I'm an uruguayan and start saying I'm an American, some day...
So he still wants something that acts like a border, but doesn't look like a wall.
6:23 "What percentage is that do you think that commit crimes?"
If we consider that illegal immigration in and of itself is considered a crime, then 100% of all illegal immigrants are criminals.
This was just hard to listen to.  There are some truly uninformed people in the world.
Most of these people sound mentally ill...
My god that was terrible. Couldnt even listen to the guy. Not 1 real point or attempt at changing your mind.
I could not sit there with these people and take them seriously.  Please tell me that there were a few that seemed capable of actual thought and reasoning rather than the ones shown.  They couldn't follow anything logically.
WOW,  What a sad idiot.  Goodness, humanity is terrifying.
A wall like the one Trump suggested would cost too much, that's my only argument. But I do think a better border security that doesn't cost as much as the wall would be better. And also enforce immigration lays.
As a studying computer engineer in his senior year of college. May I say that I believe his x-ray wall would be a lot more expensive than a regular wall with a few checkpoints. XD
The second guy seemed like a nice guy though...not nearly as douchey as the college "educated" jerks.  I'd take him over the other pretentious and nasty people this segment sometimes finds.
Scientifical Nice... maybe you shouldnt have such a strong opinion about something you know NOTHING about.
Lol the first guy. Says shi without really thinking it through. Typical dumbass.
Cheap prick! Yaaaassss
WOW!!!!
This mexican master mind needs a platform. Such a brilliant mind.
That was worth the entire watch just for the last 5 seconds. #nameofyoursextape
X ray border. I wasn't ready for that.
"you know New Mexico, we're a sanctuary City."
The guy wants to tag everyone... how do you accomplish that with an unsecured border?
And that is whats wrong with america
Blur out her badge as well.
Feeling for the Spanish, you boxed him in his own bull.....
the first guy, has been watching to many SyFy movies
Holy shit, contestant number one...tons of ideas...zero possibility of actual execution...
Hahaha; your face at the end!
How can you tax illegal immigrants if they have no documents?
Without immigration control immigrants who arrive illegally will avoid paying taxes. Given a choice most people would not pay taxes, so people who are off the grid are not going to pay anything. If thats suddenly made ok, then you end up with a 2 tired system, which is unfair on the legal immigrants and and the rest of the population. If it's left unchecked then eventually there will be short falls in revenue from taxes that the country needs to maintain it self. No boarders would be fine if there were no society to maintain. Progressives miss this point or choose to ignore it.
That last guy had trump derangement syndrome. He opposed building the wall, but he literally proposed a border checkpoint system with scanners and stuff. He just didn't want to say he agreed with Trump that the border needs to be secured. Trumo said it, so its bad in his mind even if he agrees with the idea.
Am I the only one who thinks Border security shouldn't be a political stance but more of a trivial thing?
The dude seemed legit insane
stupid always have unreasonable demands, and stupid ideas and talks, smart comes up with real, realistic solutions,  so the guy who sat down, has stupid ideas ,
We are Fucked
How can you tax the immigrants when majority of them have low income jobs, that they could barely survive in this country. Poverty struck people, literally the spanish guy is actually idiotic. This guy literally knew nothing, no facts means no logical  reasoning
Building the wall will not help anyone. It will cost billions to build, and billions upon billions to maintain and to pay the guards and repairs. The wall will neither stop the about 40% who come in on airplanes and just overstay their visas. This will most likely strangle the economy and force people to pay for this with higher taxes and prevent people to staring new businesses which everyone knows is the backbone of the USA economy.
Why do you lock your homes and cars for protection? Your bones are borders,  so why can't the country do the same?
The end expression says it all.
Crowder's look at the end: priceless.
Build an X-Ray border!! Lol  Hes going to win his race for governor for sure.
these are honestly the best videos
'i don't want a wall, but perhaps some sort of xray scanning device stretched across the entire border.'
like a wall of detection?
How does Steven not just start cracking up in these. Props
1550s fuck dude your mexican
Corny made up laws and made up borders. Man yall corny
some kind of x-ray scanner .........LOL what a duche
"5 to 10 years" I think 50 to 100 years and then I am being generous
the xray border guy is in cyberpunk 2077
You got some real geniuses on this one... and everything. Lol. This was seriously painful.
You could have given Leroy 30 seconds and then ditched him. We get it, hes real stupid.
What in the actual f*** was this?!?!?!?!

X-rays 
Lasers
No borders 

Governor of New Mexico?!?!?!
The second guy is a doofus.  He has no idea of real life.
The SJWs will actually think this is a good idea - https://www.facebook.com/tonightly/videos/vb.445344025893190/453697961724463/?type=2&theater
An x- ray gate...smh
so just give everyone the mark of the beast and RFID track all people at all times...
"Scientifical"

Is that a word or is he just an idiot?
You dumb shit whites deserve Mexican immigrants.
Man, that last guy was STUPID.
Whats up with Leeroy's tongue? The guy is tweakin lol
Anybody opposed to a wall should just head to Venezuela and enjoy it the best they can. And then when they want to come back, they should have to reapply for citizenship because there is a wall.
Not Leroy is a real globalist scum bag
That was actually pretty civil
Yeah because an X-ray scan border would be cheaper than a wall and also a viable option. Smh I cant believe that was a serious suggestion
Please get in contact with me I would love to change your mind.
Some people are concerned that immigrants are violent and engaged in particular types of violent crime. To address this concern, Martinez, Lee, and Nielsen (2004) studied drug and homicide crime in Miami, Florida, and San Diego, California, to determine if there is a relationship between violent crime and immigration. Although both cities have a large Hispanic and immigration population, Martinez et al. found that foreign-born persons were not responsible for the communities drug and violent crime. The increase in crime was associated with second-generation youth, who were more likely to be involved in homicides related to drug offending in both communities. According to the researchers, segmented assimilation among second-generation youth can explain criminal patterns, since Mexican American youth in poor neighborhoods, despite cultural assimilation, committed violent crimes. If, however, immigrant families had economic stability (e.g., jobs), their offspring were not likely to engage in drug-related homicides.

Martinez, Stowell, and Lee (2010) analyzed the relationship between homicide and immigration in San Diego during periods of major increases in the foreign-born population (19802000). They wanted to test the immigrant paradox. The paradox is that despite social disorganization theorys prediction that people living in socially disorganized neighborhoods will have higher crime rates, communities with large immigrant populations have lower levels of crime. Martinez et al. posited that immigrants exhibit strong social controls (education and mental health attributes) and rejuvenate neighborhoods that had been previously considered to be high-crime inner-city communities. While the researchers found that socially disorganized neighborhoods experienced increases in homicides, they also found that, when communities had an influx of immigrants, there were fewer homicides. Their findings suggest that while certain neighborhoods foster crime, if recent immigrants settle in socially disadvantaged neighborhoods, the impact on the violent crime rate can be nullified.

Vlez (2009) studied homicide offenses in Chicago. She compared city neighborhoods that had dense populations of white, Hispanic, and African American residents and the homicide rates within these neighborhoods and found that homicide rates are significantly higher in African American neighborhoods and are closely associated with neighborhoods with a concentrated disadvantaged population. Neighborhoods with concentrated disadvantage are those with a large percentage of residents with incomes below the poverty line, limited employment of residents age 16 and older, many female head of household families, and high unemployment. She found that, in areas where there were large populations of recent immigrants, the number of homicides decreased. Vlez attributed this finding to the reinvigoration of neighborhoods when new immigrants arrived. She suggested that the new arrivals arguably want to strengthen ties with their neighbors, increase community organizations, and improve the local economy.

Sampson, Morenoff, and Raudenbush (2005) analyzed data for Chicago between 1995 and 2002 to determine if ethnic and racial differences in neighborhoods account for residents engaging in violence. They found that age, recent immigration status, and ethnicity matters when analyzing crimes of violence. Youth in all race and ethnic groups are more likely to engage in violence, and the level of violence peaks at ages 17 or 18. In addition, they found that recent immigrants engaged in less violence than their offspring; third-generation immigrants had higher levels of violence than second-generation, and second-generation immigrants had higher levels of violence than first-generation immigrants. When considering race and ethnicity, African Americans had higher levels of violence than whites, and whites had higher levels of violence than Mexican Americans, even when controlling for neighborhood composition. Neighborhoods matter: if a neighborhood had a higher level of violence prior to changed social demographics (changes in the immigrant population), then the odds that persons in the neighborhood would engage in violence were significantly higher than in other neighborhoods.



Arrest, sentencing, and incarceration rates have been changing in the late the 20th and early 21st centuries. Since reaching an all-time high in both violent and property crime in the mid-1990s, the number and rate of violent and property crime in the United States have been steadily declining (Federal Bureau of Investigation, 2015a), while the incarceration rate, until very recently, had been increasing. According to the FBIs Uniform Crime Report (2015), arrests decreased 20% between 2005 and 2015; between 2013 and 2014, violent crime arrests decreased 0.2%, and property crime arrests decreased 4.3%. In 2014, more offenders were arrested for drug crimes (1,561,231) than property crimes (1,553,980) and violent crimes (498,666) (Federal Bureau of Investigation, 2015b). The states with the highest violent and property crime rates neither are the most populous nor house the largest number of immigrants. In 2015, the states with the highest reported crime rates were: Louisiana, Alabama, Alaska, Tennessee, Nevada, Oklahoma, South Carolina, Arkansas, Delaware, and Missouri (Frohlich, Stebbins, & Sauter, 2015). In the United States, places with the largest increases in population have been associated with the largest decreases in crime rates in the past decade. The majority of arrestees in 2014 were white (69%) and male (73%) (Federal Bureau of Investigation, 2015c). In sampled U.S. cities, Stowell, Messner, McGeever, and Raffalovich (2009) found that as the foreign-born, immigrant population in the cities went up, the violent crime rate went down

READ MORE AT and cherrypick as you like:

http://criminology.oxfordre.com/view/10.1093/acrefore/9780190264079.001.0001/acrefore-9780190264079-e-93
Im confused if black people commit 50% of the murder and illegals do 37% then 13% is all Asians whites and legal Mexicans? Doesnt add up to me but Id have to look that up
Why stop at borders? How about we eliminate personal property? Oh you got a new TV? Cool! Its mine now.
The X-ray guy is totally insane.
The X ray border is stupid. You would have to tag everyone coming through the Mexican border in order for it to work. There are some many problems with this. Everything the guy says is what legal US citizens do. Get SSI numbers and pay taxes. So it sounds like to him that the only thing you need to do to become an American citizen is just walk here.
"tag people"  he said tag illegal immigrants.  im sure if he thought that through he would change his mind, but funny off the top remark.
These arguments of they have children have you no compassion !!... I have children does that make me exempt from laws 
I don't agree with the second guy, but I still don't want the wall to be build.
The power of the educated registered voter at work......uggghhh, could we slap the sense into them? Is it not obvious you should not have sat down....what a circle of chaotic rantings that must live within his head.
Lol toying him around
Where the fk did you pick these people at
Ill change your mind with this comment. According to the logic of the 2nd amendment (to protect against a tyranical government) this wall can be used to keep people in the country vs keeping people out. Its a slippery slope I don't want to slide down.
Blur the name tag, you can see who it is, don't want to say how cause i don't want her name out.
Waste of money. On a wall that protects one side of 5 sides. What about Pacific side, Atlantic side Canada side the sky.
I know an anchor baby, his parents arnt in his life-they used him then left him-sad!
So your last guest wants to electronically chip everyone like we do dogs.
And he wants to be governor of the "city" of New Mexico.

The sad thing about all of that ... Democrats will vote him into office.
We need a purge people. Gotta thin out the short bus.
Sorry Steven but I just can't watch this... I'm too fed up with people rejecting rational arguments If this was math or physics well according to those ppl we would be able to fly, the earth would be flat and so on and so forth
Can someone bring up my argument, You can have people in your country that use cryptocurrency and don't get any type of welfare and if they get caught committing a crime send them to prisons that have work programs that fund themselves. People are afraid of having different types of citizens but maybe it's better then making people live in a shithole.
If no wall gets built, I say that we should lay a massive minefield along the entire southern border as well as thousands of guard towers armed with miniguns. Also, bury seismic sensitive charges for those tunnel digging invaders..
Can you please try to come to shu in Ct
Demonstrous proof of the damage done to our current culture by prior lax immigration law. Indolently educated dullards who would rather give up America than their smartphone.
Borders will be a thing in the past... in 5 yrs.
he lost me at "Scientifical"
Poor kid. I like the show but would prefer you find more prepared people. I think it would add credibility
OH, MY GOODNESS!!! Interviewee #2 He needs to consult with masterminds...does he mean someone with intelligence, since his is underdeveloped?
When I hear immigration I just dont think of Spanish speaking individuals. I think if anyone out of the United States. Some people failed to realize that when talking about immigration laws. I feel we should have tighter immigration laws but building a physical wall is kinda obscured to me. Yes it might create create some jobs like border control, construction of the wall, and keeping up maintenance. The Wall seem to degrade any Mexican try to come in the U.S. basically sayingah ha you cant come in 

Shortening it up a little. I believe in tighter immigration laws but a physical wall no

Ps. If anyone have a question or a general statement I will respect what you write and reply back and try to get a understanding of each other
That guy was hilarious //I'd have to get some masterminds together//
I just can't watch this... These people are kind of stupid. (Some)
My friends brother and works in the fields for a farmer . He is paid cash and collects welfare , edt. He is not paying taxes . Taxes that come from my paycheck are paying him . To many people take advantage of the system not just including illegals
Even the advertisement by Ben sharpio is entertaining
What kinda drug was that guy on lol
Most of these people seem mentally ill and/or Low IQ people.
Fuck that dude. I couldn't even bare to watch this because that dude was on cocaine
Build the wall with your ass...BITCH!
wow pretty garbage people ya had to deal with lmfao, how bout looking at the wall like a waste of tax dollars that mexico will never pay for and based on the calmness of the canada/US border, just decentivize hopping across while maintain the rights of those who legally are hre
Surprised that guy didnt suggest laser beams that zapped you if you walk past the border.
What planet was that dude on?
The first lady had some sort of ID tag around her neck, might want to blur that as well as her face.
It's always interesting to see the differing opinions, I enjoy what Steven does because he may not agree with any left ideas but he is willing to sit down and listen to these people. Thanks for another video Steven and sorry about the random people who just show you the bird when they walk by, really doesn't help my opinion on the left (or left ideals) when the everyday person does childish things like that.
Not only should a border wall be built, all illegals should be deported.  Also legal immigration should be either reduced to 0 or changed to pre 1965 rules.  Citizenship should go to how it was with the 1790 immigration and naturalization act.  Birthright citizenship should end in favor of inherited citizenship.
I knew these $200 anti-xray tighty-whiteys were worth it!


Bwahahahaha.......Who's the loser now MOM!
I just want everyone to know that not everyone from new Mexico is that fuckin stupid
THAT GUY IS AN IDIOT 
That guy was insane. Put a chip in everybody as one of the ideas on his board.
Dang, over 1000 'asylum seekers' dislike this video.
Waste of a video, yet i understand why it was posted.  It was for the average moron on the street.
This guy has his own show-uh? Horrible
To the second person interviewed...wait, What???
I think my brain just broke...
Second guy suggesting some real mark of the beast shit. I wouldn't even wish that on my worst enemies.
Here's 5 quick facts to consider when talking about a border wall - http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2017/04/27/5-facts-about-illegal-immigration-in-the-u-s/

Also nearly 70% of all illegal immigrants are "overstays" which means they came here legally and instead of leaving when there visa was up, they stayed. Meaning that we're spending BILLIONS of dollars that should be directed towards tracking those that come on a visa on a wall that won't even have the potential to stop a majority of the illegals in this country.
I live in New Mexico and you guys may laughed at that comment about him running however the citizens here are politically stupid.
Steven's face at the end!!! #perfect
How stupid do people have to be for crowder to feel comfortable publishing a conversation with them? Crowder is a shameless propagandist, that stat about illegals committing 37% of the homicides is fucking bullshit go look it up sheep.
An X-ray border? Weve officially lapsed into sharks with laser beams attached to their heads territory.
What grade level education do you think White Shirt Guy aka Future NM Governor has?
Fucking x rays bro.
The reason no boarders work in Europe is because every country in Europe has a firm government body that can control their population. This is very much the opposite of Mexico that is riddled with violence, drugs, and lawlessness. I could see some what how no boarders would work with Canada but I could also see how it wouldn't work.
Oh Steve, admit you're flattered when people cuss you out without a discussion. Because it translates: I have no argument.
I am from New Mexico, that guy would make a terrible governor. New Mexico needs someone to save it from corruption, poverty, bad education, drugs and illegal immigration.
#Buildthewall.
WTF F F F F..... WE ARE DOOMED 
ohh you americans....
From his own word he is no mastermind.
OMG please have the second guy watch himself.
When did young White people become so stupid, brainwashed and self-loathing?
He was interviewing Hispanics, but I'm taking about the White snowflake hecklers on the sidewalk.
Build the X-Ray wall
Change my mind
Keep them out! KEEP US IN!!!  PLEASE CAGE US ALL ALREADY!!  HOW DO YOU KEEP PRISONERS INSIDE A PRISON, BUILD A WALL!  HOW DO YOU KEEP CITIZENS INSIDE A DOOMED COUNTRY, BUILD A BIGGER WALL!  People are always talking about illeagles, drugs, stolen work, blah blah blah. My queation for everyone is WHAT ABOUT EVERYONE ELSE THE WALL AFFECTS SUCH AS YOURSELF!  REALLY HAS ANY ONE ACTUALY SAT DOWN AND THOUGHT ABOUT WHAT IT MEANS FOR LEAGLE CITIZENS? WHAT IF WE NEED A QUICK ESCAPE ROUT FOR GOD KNOWS WHAT, MABY YELLOWSTONE BLOWS, YOU HAVE TWO OPTIONS.... "SOUTH, IE MEXICO" OR "NORTH IE CANADA" IF YOU ASK ME WARM CLIMATE IS BETTER TO LIVE IN THE FROZEN... 

Think america... think.
So uhh...really now....was that guy trolling? 
YAY!!! CHANGE MY MIND!!
Please explain why inceasing border security with the most violent country on the face of the earth is somehow racist or wrong!
We are so screwed.
this makes Americans look so thick just like here in the uk the population has no clue what is going on
That was painful to watch
1) Immigration due to border crossings has significantly decreased. Most illegal immigration is done now by overstaying visas. Planes fly over walls. 

2) The wall will cost too much money, and as stated above will not make much of an impact. 

3) American Property owners will lose property due to eminent domain. American land has to be used to build the wall. 

4) America will lose most of its access to the Rio Grande.

We can keep going.
I've been in this country for almost 12 years now. I came here from Russia with my mother legally and my father is a American citizen. I've went to school and I am not attending college to become a physical therapist. I'm 20 years old and I'm still waiting to get my social security number. I cant even get a job or get my driver's license but the government gives me a tax ID number when I cant even pay taxes because I cant get a job. Immigration in this country is messed up and I think it's also messed up that people that come here illegally can get their stuff a lot faster than people that do it legally. I love the United States and everything about it. That's just my only problem I have with the government.
You need to get some people with an IQ. None of these people could put together a coherent thought.
I loveeeeeee it when you do these
So the wall is bad. But microchipping people and zapping them with x-rays after they've submitted their border-crossing essays is totally cool.
Fair tax! Any money spent by anyone goes into the economy. No income tax. No capital gains. No pay roll tax, ECT 
https://fairtax.org
OMG, SMH o just can't take this guy... I think he has been smoking too much of something... New Mexico Governor...
X-rays dont stop these people from coming in, we just identify when they do.
Lmao Leroy? Your brothers from the border are very disappointed in you 
I really hope you helped sort those problems with the first lady out before you posted this.
Mr. Earring doesnt know what hes talking about.
how did you keep a straight face when the guy said he planned to become the major of New Mexico
Future people 
 Don't get high on drugs that will make you hyper and  And talk about not having the  A panel of geniuses
Steven, you are just too polite to these idiots.
How have we never thought of a xRay border?? give everyone tons of radioactive exposure!!!
"This is a free thought right now so for me to execute this, I would have to get, like, a few mastermind individuals to sit down... I can not tell you a bla- bla- blatant answer right now." 
What a fucking idiot the 2nd guy was.  Not one actual coherent thought. Dumb fuck.  Typical leftist moron.
Is it me or is the guy actually arguing for just a different kind of border security.
an xray scanner at the border 
Wow. People seem to forget the legal immigrants who are still waiting in the immigration process. So just give citizenship to the illegals? Just wow. Cut in line in front of all those who worked hard and paid a lot of money to come here.
It would've been nice to hear some genuinely well-thought arguments in favor of a more open border. When weak arguments are presented, I don't feel educated/challenged by these videos. It just seems like taking advantage of emotional responses from individuals who are put on the spot. I'd like to hear the strongest possible argument of the opposition opinion. Its the best way to strengthen my own.
Wow, was it dumb ass day? Taking polotics, and other beleifs out of it, none of the interviewees can form a basic argument.
Might need a gatekeeper of some sort to weed out the crazies.
Undocumented immigrants have a lower crime rate than native citizens, they work many of the jobs Americans dont want to work. Im not for people being here illegally, but building a WALL is the most unneffecient solution to the issue. It would be extremely costly and would be yet another waste of spending that could go towards the education of our children, rehabilitation of our poor or other more important issues
Yo Leroy let's make Trump the pres of the world no borders needed lol
That guy had no damn idea what the hell he was saying he was probably high while saying it
Your either and intelligent informed individual or a democrat/liberal.
This is what people in California trying to make gun laws in sound like. Exactly like that dude.

Yeah we should ban that grip thing, which makes a slower rate of fully semi automic fire. And also like, lets like, start doing background checks before people can buy guns
So 3.5% of the population does 37% of the homicides and 60% of the drug trafficking? Anybody have the sources for these?
That he described another more expensive wall.
That second guy cant be serious.
what-uh the fuck-uh is with that second guy's-uh speech patterns?
The salute at the end was awkward AF and then stevens face at the end just about sums it up 
Building the wall is just a waste of money that we can use on other things like education
X R A Y   B O R D E R
So the problem with these 'change my mind' things is that 50% of the population is below average intelligence and you seem to always get those ones.

Building a wall is a complete waste of money and will have no effect.  Use that money on more immigration agents, judges, and more effective deportation policies....or use that money to cut my fucking taxes.  Expand stop and search if you don't speak English you should be required to carry documentation with you at all times.
haha... that ending though :P
"Drugsuh" ??? What are drugsuh?
And speaking of drugsuh, what the hell are you on????
Man..... that's hard to watch.... new challenge, watch the video without shaking your head and whispering "wtf is wrong with people"
13:17
If I was in a third world shithole and a rich welfare state was on the other side of a wall, I have no doubt I could defeat that obstacle. I could take a plane, take a boat, use a ladder, a shovel, a grappling hook, or wrap myself in bubble wrap and catapult over. Where there's a will there's a way. We need to remove the will.
This guy is the dumbest person I have ever heard so far. We dont want a wall, but we can make money off criminals and undocumented people. HOW? If you dont know who they are, HOW can you tax them. Also, more people does not provide more money in taxes.

His suggestions on scanning people who come in is also stupid. EVEN if you had he technology, WITHOUT the wall, how do you force people to talk through the scanner?

This guy is so dumb
This fckr watched to many scifi movies  HELL why not im implant a rocket on my back so I can fly to the moon and back when I want.
This was the best "Chamge My Mind" yet!
 IMO.
Drugzza? Mastermind planners??? Scientifical?????? I love this guy....! Please interview him more.
7:57 if you give ONE ILLEGAL amnesty you give the WHOLE WORLD amnesty because it shows we're so weak as a nation that we won't stop anyone from coming here, evading punishment for long enough, and getting citizenship. Fuck that noise.
Boulder, CO
Needs to happen
Love change my mind
I wanna see an actual intelligent individual go up against Crowder. It would be interesting.
What.
Because building the wall just waste money
If we had a wall then these kids would not be separated from their parents. Those that are against the wall are for pro family separation. The sickos.
Idk anything building the wall but can government spend money on hospital or education
Holy hell cocain is a hell a drug
https://youtu.be/X8cmbmwFAl8
Wow..we shouldn't have a wall, but we have a scanner and rfid chips? ....FUCK THAT!
There is apparent language and culture barrier. The guy is definitely not smart on the subject at all. This was definitely a waste of a conversation. You are definitely better then this video. I understand that it isnt scripted.
That last guy. 
Crowder-->So place an industrial size x-ray machine at the border that will give the illegals cancer, so the citizens can pay for their medical expenses and bankrupt America??? 

Brainless Globalist-->Yea, something like that...
Say it with me Crowder. All. Illegal. Aliens. Have. Committed. Crimes. Simply. By. Entering. Illegally. And. Need. To. Be. Punished. Accordingly.
Blurs out face. Leaves ID badge around her neck visible. 

k
My mans wants to be the Hokage of New Mexico 
Deport DACAs, the only problem with the wall is that it's terrible for the environment, machine gun outposts would be better for our environment.
I kind of agree with one of the points the first lady made.  Most illegals come in on a visa and then simply don't leave when it expires.  The wall is probably the least cost-effective measure to combat illegal immigration, with the first being follow-ups and enforcement of expired visas.
But what if the guy holds a big sheet of metal over his head when he walks across the XRay border?  I'm sure the masterminds will figure that out along the way.  Then again, how will the XRay border stop the teleportation machines?  Or, if someone goes and uses their time machine, they'll be able to cross the border before we make the XRay border.  Geez.  This is so complicated.  Glad that we'll have the Governor of New Mexico on the case!
What are Crowder's sources?
Like if you think Crowder should react to Superwoman's newest video on "homophobic" people
The x-ray guy gave some good points but was kinda whack. Overall my stance on immigration is that the path to gaining legal status should be simplified. In my experience the vast majority of people aren't avoiding legal status to not pay taxes, but rather because the path to legal status is too difficult and too expensive. The concept of the wall is a bit ridiculous to me. The majority of illegal immigration happens when people fly over, a wall will do nothing to stop that. You mention without a wall that there would be no way to identify people but checkpoints are currently in place. People that circumvent those checkpoints I imagine do it because they wouldn't be allowed through them. Sure, there are criminals that would like to avoid taxes and commit crimes, but I would argue that most of them are honest people that want to make a living. An easier path to legal status would negate the reason yo avoid said checkpoints and people could enter legally. The concept of an average person having to constantly be on their best behavior to not get deported just so they don't have to pay taxes seems a bit ridiculous. The wall would be ridiculously expensive that American citizens would have to pay for. Simply make that path to legal status simple and then all the undocumented immigrants can become legal and start paying taxes. Those that refuse to do so should be deported. But I don't think that the people that are currently being deported are given an option for citizenship before being deported.
5:22 anecdotal evidence is anecdotal and is the worst kid of evidence to make policy from
Good lord. What is wronge with people. "We shouldnt have boarders" i guess i should pay a global tax now right?
I would also like to note that, the second guy watches too much anime.
Crowder is using some very incomplete statists.  The numbers hes referring to at 6:27 are only for federal sentencing and can be found here, (https://www.ussc.gov/sites/default/files/pdf/research-and-publications/annual-reports-and-sourcebooks/2017/Table09.pdf).  This high rate is likely due to the fact that many crimes that would normally be prosecuted in state courts are referred to ICE if they are committed by illegal immigrants.  Notice that this is a sample of, for example, 72 murders, way lower than the thousands reported by the FBI.

Looking at crime in Texas, we can look at this study by the Cato Institute demonstrates that illegal immigrants commit fewer crimes that native Americans, and legal immigrants are FAR lower, (https://www.cato.org/publications/immigration-research-policy-brief/criminal-immigrants-texas-illegal-immigrant).  There are lots of other studies that have similar finding, though it is still too understudied to draw high confidence conclusions nationally.  Crowder should really drop the point about illegal immigrants committing more crimes since at best its unproven and at worst it untrue.
Wow, you made your point and he still kept his dignity  ... that must have been so hard
We need the wall built along every square INCH of the border. After that deport ALL illegals, I don't care if an illegal becomes President, send him back. Give citizenship to ALL Whites across the world and safe passage if they want to come just like Israel does for Jews. We need to return to the immigration policy of early America where only White men and women of good character can come
Trump said, They aren't giving us their best and brightest. They're sending their rapiest, drug dealers, and gang members. 
Sure he didn't say "Most of them" because he insinuating that the Mexicans Crossing Illegally are Rapiest, Drug Dealers, And Gang members. Wake up and smell the Racist! I'd hate for a seemly smart man like you end up on the wrong side of history. "When America fell apart and started to placing fleeing immigrants in concentration camps this Crowder head thought is was more important to nit pick Trump's Racist non-sense, than ask if he's doing the right thing???
The look on your face at that last second perfectly summed up that x-ray border idea..
For me Im against the wall but for a better way of keeping and getting illegally immigrants out
Drugze
Liberalism is a mental disorder
I couldn't listen to that goof after the Xray bit lmfaoo
2M subs for Crowder. He just doubled his subscribe base in less than a year. That kinda growth is CRAZY. I don't see Colbert, Kimmel, Vox, or any other left wing propaganda channels moving up like that. Great job Steven!
..you know make them take a test to become legal and make them pay taxes..so become legal citizens???lol wow
Lol sharks with frickin lasers on their heads in the Rio Grande.
liberals argue that such a long wall can't be built but think monitoring the whole border with x-rays is possible smh
So the main reason immigrants come to the United States is because their country is shit, plain and simple. The government is corrupt, cops get paid off by criminals and get away with whatever they want. Theyre just tired of living in that type of environment so they choose to come to America for a better life. That being said, yes there will be criminals who want to leave as well and fuck them for ruining it for all the hard working immigrants who for most part never committed a crime in their life. I believe in a secure border but not the way its being done right now. Like the guy said, they will always find a way around it. Its a waste of money building such a massive structure. It might help for a little while but eventually theyll find a way trust me. My solution is something I really hadnt heard people talk about so let me know what yall think. But what Ive been thinking is basically instead of worrying so much on stopping immigrants coming all together, why not help the reason why theyre coming in the first place. Why not help Mexico with their infamous drug cartels? Theyre the ones bringing in the drugs and ruining both countries. This is Americas issue just as its Mexicos. Not to mention the cartels are basically terrorist themselves. America already helps every other country with issues like these why not help the neighbor thats causing so many issues? You cant tell me the United States Army or Marines couldnt handle a couple of cartels. We have the best army in the world dont we? Why not use them to help secure our borders against the real criminals. That way people wont be so inclined to leave their country. Because guess what, they love their country. They dont leave because they hate it, they hate the situation its in right now but they would rather much be in their home land where theyre not judged or feel attacked by others.
Know your enemies....
"I do I report those people"
This show makes me realize how dumb the average American really is. Scary
US is a SOVEREIGN nation. "Borders" go hand-and-hand... it isn't difficult. NO Country in the WORLD has "Open Borders"
The gender one was better tho but I love these so much
We can build the wall with the bones of all the people socialism and open borders has killed.
Tried to look at this from a liberals view but was unable to turn off my brain. How do they do that, theyre so good at it.
Leroy is an idiot
should people like the second man be allowed to vote. Its strange I believe in democracy but he has me doubting myself.
Cant wait for him to run for governor then this video is shown
I don't think the people who sit down with you are capable of staying on topic. This episode was kind of a disappointment in that both people interviewed had no real points of topic, and really I don't think they understand what the concept of your change my mind series is about.
An X-ray border hahaha
This second dude was stupendously ignorant.
Funny dead-pan face at the end :)
Crowders face at the end lol 
Build a wall, and there will be tunnels. lol
Don't use the money for the Wall, use the money to before and first LOWER IMMIGRATION REQUIREMENTS, change the immigration checks to give legal visas and allow more good hard working people even if they are very poor and have low education into the country, people without any criminal records and then maybe build the wall to block the criminals to get in. Allow people that can work and pay taxes.
O_O
The second guy was not the brightest bulb
I actually had a convo with Stephen at this exact table on the microphone and made some excellent points about how the majority of illegal immigrants are Visa overstays not those who cross the border and Stephen started mumbling and cut me off. Looks like they only include the unintelligent conversations rather than those in which their fellow citizens actually make valid points.   Shame on u crowder ur whole show is a scam!
I wish we would build a wall here in England
Just tax them?  What about the welfare state?

You dont think every fuck will come over to exploit it like they already are?

Moron.
DO NOT MAKE THIS GUY GOVERNOR OF NEW MEXICO.
So remove civil liberties, no boarders just simple gps chip everyone.  Might as well put it in the back of the head with a self destruct function, prevent tampering.  :P
Does the first woman even know how popular this channel is lol? Someone gonna see this a rat her out. Why even show that part? What if those people are ms13??
Yah most anti-wall arguments are accurately reflected by the brilliant passing fuck you.
Do. More. of. These. I could watch these all day !!! This needed to be longer !!!!
Steven is very misleading with his statistics . Taking what he said about 37% of murders being commited by illegal immigrants who are 3.5% of the population , lets do the math shall we? Doing some simple google searches the U.S population is 32510^6 (325 million) , so that would mean that 11.4^6 (11.4 million) are illegal immigrants . Alright next using the amount of homicides committed in 2016 (tried to find 2017s couldn't find it though) there were 17250 murders , and 37% of that is. 6382.5 murders. Meaning that 6382.5 murders where commited by illegal immigrants , now assuming that one person is killed per murderer , 11.410^6 people  divided by 6382.5 murders equals 1786 people per 1 murder , Meaning that 1 out of 1786 commit 1 murder . We can also divided the amount of murders by people to see the murders commited per person. 6382.5 divided by 11.410^6 equals 5.5910^-4 (5.59 times 10 raised to the negative 4th power) murder commited per person , so we can see from this that sure if this stat is true (which I don't know ) we see that the vast majority of illegal immigrants are not murderers!! And don't let anyone try and scare you with stats that are Very misleading do the math your self its ,not hard i literally only had to google the U.s population and murders commited in 2016
"We should have checkpoints, but no wall." Because that makes perfect sense. That guy was on another plane of existence. Maybe he's a 4th dimensional being and we just don't understand his 4th dimensional logic.
The second guy was so dumb. 'hard working newmexicans'
They don't exist. That state doesn't have a right to work law.
boy, it appears there is nothing more irrational than a economic migrant from a third world country. they're like little kids trying to explain themselves. at some point they will try the whitey card, but American black s don't want them here either.
build the wall change my mind

mexican in thumbnail

gotta love it
POGO POOH BEAR ~
So you don't want to actually build a wall. You just don't want illegal immigration.

No one wants illegal immigration clickbaiting douchebag
No other country puts up with illegal immigration, so why should our standards be lower? The only reason I'm against building this wall is from an economic standpoint. I don't feel like it's an economic, long term, or overall reasonable solution to manage the problem. Sure it will create jobs temporarily, but evidently the project is projected to extend into the trillions. Where exactly is this money supposed to come from? Were there a justifiable method of income to sustain such a project, I'd likely be more for it. At this juncture, I feel like some sort of immigration reform laws are more a reasonable set of objectives to reach for. 

Just my 2 cents.
true intellectual right there :D
So the solution is to just legalize anyone and everyone that comes over? America would be a hell hole within 5 years. Their corruption would slowly bleed into our country until we were run by the same cartel. And this would happen because all the people coming over would be able to vote and they would vote in corrupt politicians until we slowly become just like the country they are trying to escape. Build the wall! And take away incentives for those already here! They will leave on their own!
The US is doomed. Just look at Brazil if you want to see your future.
Once you go brown you go down
Crowder...I love you man, and I watch your show constantly...but geez, this one was just not worth posting hahaha. You could've just made a video saying that the event took place, but that the conversations were a complete waste of time. I dunno, I'm probably wrong though.
Where do you find these people lol
Build an X-ray wall of lasers that check the microchip implanted in your brain
Scientifical Xray Borders put into place by masterminds!
Lol . Wow, people getting dumb by every century.. What he said will cost more than build a wall.
He didnt seem too bright.
Okay I feel really bad and sad for the first woman. She fair for her life that need addressed. The man after her is dumb he need to realize we spend billion of taxes money on these illegal immigrants.  We teach their children, we pay for their medical. we feed them and them it holds low wages down because they get jobs and their low wages job are the one they hold.
13:14 mfw
that second guy, was talking some scary bat $#!7 stuff!
Build a wall of bullets and I bet that technology will stop illegal immigration.
Great job Steven, the second guy was painful...he is trying but there was not a complete thought that came out of his mouth.
Ummm.  I don't know how to tell people this but the border is already fenced and it has been for decades.  So what is the difference between a wall and a fence
Haha that look at the end, how does this kid not get "the wall" is so we can have boarders to "check" people coming in and out and their reason for coming here, like me has mentioned, poor keep is one of those leftist ideology brainwashed people that talk in circles about how they feel on a certain topic and is really and truly misinformed...
2nd guy- "Tax them and make them citizens 'somehow'". ROFL. Right, illegals are paid cash under the table, taxing them would make them known and get them deported, because logic.
God new mexico is a hell hole
Is that "not a mexican" dude actually high himself? What a joke!!
More free flowing. Yeah, more free flowing.
According to the 2nd guy we should just let everyone and anyone in illegally and let them get citizenship no matter what country they're from even? That is just a disaster waiting to happen. He didn't even take into account the impact this could have on population, people who are not willing to assimilate into society or immigrants with former criminal records. I seriously hope that guy never becomes the governor of New Mexico. He has a good heart but not very bright at the same time.
Illegal immigrants are 3% of the American population and commit 37% of homicides? Thats outrageous! Deport them all. That is just sick!
"Some people dont think the universe be how it is,
but it do"
               -Black science man
s a l l i n g  t h e  d r u g s
ctOS
man my dad came here legally and did everything right to live in this beautiful country. i get offended on immigrant being here illegally cause man my dad went through hell just to be a citizen.
2nd guy is ignorant and speaks poorly.  If he has a talk show probably not many followers.
That last guy. Polite but dumb as bricks
Where'd you get that "Walther" shirt? I need one!
im a cheap prick! LOL!
We American citizens want a border wall or get rid of welfare programs. All welfare programs have to go.
FUCK MUHAMMAD!!!! FUCK ISLAM AND ANY SUPPORTERS!!!! YOU ARE NOT WELCOME HERE!!!! FUCK TRUDEAU AND SHARIA!!!! THERE WILL NEVER BE PEACE ON EARTH WITH ISLAM!!! GOD BLESS TRUMP!!!! GOD BLESS GEERT!!!! GOD BLESS NIGEL!!!! GOD BLESS LE PEN!!!! GOD BLESS EZRA AND THE REBEL!!!!!!! GOD BLESS ALEX AND INFOWARS!!!!!!! GOD BLESS BEN SHAPIRO KEVIN JOHNSTON AND SANDRA SOLOMAN!!!!!
"mastermind individuals"
STEVEN!!! THIS IS URGENT!! As you may already know many Mexicans have nurtured a hatred inside them towards Trump mainly because democrats and all the corrupt politicians from Mexico have poisoned our minds telling us that an open border is our only hope (deviating all atention away from them since they are the ones damaging mexican economy and making migration the only hope of many). Well i heard rumors about Russia seeking to enforce their relationship with mexico (taking advantage of Mexico's point of view towards Trump and his policies) to the point of bringing their bases with artillery to Mexican soil. This would of course create jobs and improve our economy but tension between Mexico and US would increase. Many see this as a payback to the US for the mistreatment received by imigrants from the new government. What do you think the US should do? Treat imigrants better? Amnesty? What restrains Mexico from making deals with Russia? Its now weak relation with tge US? Do you see any posibility of war if this happens? I really want to hear your opinion guys.
Reading comprehension is super important kids. It really bleeds into other, like stuff, that helps you sound kinda smart or not entirely retarded
Mark Of The Beast
Walls work both ways and government controls who passes either way, that's not my idea of freedom.
LOL!!!... Uh, some sort of Xray border wall... that was epic.
I think the connection between securing the border, and the jump to, "How would you do that without a wall?" is too loose of an argument to support an actual physical wall. I think most reasonable Americans would agree with having a secure border, but we shouldn't conflate those whom intentionally avoid checkpoints/customs with those that stayed here beyond their Visa. The path to citizenship is an arduous one, especially after 9/11, and we should work on improving, shortening, and making it more accessible to hard working immigrants that came here to pursue American successes.

As for an actual physical wall, what is the cost-benefit on that? Would we even get a return on our investment? It doesn't seem likely at all. How much would the wall as a symbol alone hurt the United States with South American relations, not to mention the message it sends to any potential immigrant from that region. I am not trying to put a price on an American life, I'm trying to say that there are much more cost efficient ways to secure a border than to build a wall across 3,000 kilometers.
The second guy became more 1984 than anyone else.
The Mexican american immigrant being interviewed is ignorant and why would we not want more of them here?
Database-UH
Im honestly confused by the second guy
America is the most criminal country in the world. Change my mind
10:56 "Scien-tifical".  We as a species are well and truly f**ked!
Surprised cause I got an ad for this video and it was a clip from the 2 genders change my mind video lol
New Mexico's my city
Yessssss
Just to make sure the numbers are clear, on the crime statistics. Homicides by illegal immegrants counts for 37% of homicedes, out of 17250 counted homicides in 2016, that makes 6382 homicides by illegal immigrants, if we say that each one of those are unique immigrants so 6382 immigrants killing 6382 people. That makes up for 0.065% of illegal immigrants will commit homicide. Or about 6 in 10.000, you are punishing 9.994 people in 10.000 for 6 bad apples. I think there is a better solution than just blaming all of them, and I think there are other factors to look at instead of just blaming millions for the faults of thousands.
2nd guy actually makes me want the wall built faster.
I will like to convince him to not just build a wall, but also a electric barbed- wire fence also..
You seem paranoid. You only want a Wall because the United States stole the southwest from Mexico and they still feel shame and guilt about it. California, Arizona, New Mexico and Texas.
Lmao
"We should have an X-ray border..."

DONALD TRUMP WANTS TO KNOW YOUR LOCATION

Allow                Block
Uuuugh, really wish I could sit down and talk with you sometimes, especially for this one
Second guy is too
You cant have an intelligent conversation with morons, they only watch CNN and flock with the communist liberals who want to destroy our American way of life.
Holy shit that second guy just doesn't get it. He can't follow a logical thought for more than 5 seconds.
Lol an xray gate why not just pass that xray cause there will be no wall that's stupid
The stupidity that comes out of their mouths is staggering.
when he said X RAY SCANER i lost it LOOOOOL
Out out out
the second guy omg he has to be tripping balls!!!
That face man, summed up how I felt that entire conversation, I feel for you Crowder!
X-ray scan border... don't we have enough cancer already? hahaha!
"borders in general are a thing of the past"..."lets make a super sophisticated border that creates an I.D. tag and tracks wherever you go while also taxing them"
You are a savage.
Keep up the good work!
The camera intimidates people. You'd get the (real truth) .... what they really think, using a hidden mic or camera.
Germany had a wall. You already can't leave the United States with all of your material resources (money). Unfortunately, walls work both ways.
This guy is dumb as fuck... Lol new Mexico is a sanctuary City apparently.  I could have sworn it was a state.
So, the 2nd guy doesn't want a wall, but wants to put electronic tags on immigrants like animals, some how funnel them through an xray machine, make them legal citizens and then tax them?
I saw an ad wondering if you got any monetization on it
Well, this is why we have to talk to each other. 
How else are we going to understand each what our neighbors (fellow Americans) really think about this or that.
...build an x-ray border....
NEXT!!!!
Spanish James Hetfield, every line ends with "ahhh"
Just tax them

They arent documented.
If arrested illegalskeep thier kids, but if arrested ~U.S CITIZENS DON'T~ WTF?
https://newamericangovernment.org/fiscal-impact-of-whites-blacks-and-hispanics/ 
Hertits gone dry, now civil servants are drinking herblood. https://transparentcalifornia.com/pensions/2017/ 
Non-Whites looting 100sbillions of Whiteys taxes= ?WHITEPRIVILAGE? nogoZone+tolerance=Palestine. All races genocided for land. Whites not blacks ended Slavery. ~WHITEY'S TAXES~ feedclotheshelter ~other races~ more than all non-White taxes combined. Non-Whites are VictimCardsquatters in civilizations forged by White blood & bone. Hallucinating Whiteoppression they fornicatebillions feeding/breeding on affirmativeaction foreignaidtrade Non-Whites RAISE THIER FISTS demanding ~White Genocide~ before theirtaxes help Whites.#DontFeedTheAnimals 
First lady smokin flakka
"More free flowing..."
Steven, how do you keep a straight face during all these 'conversations'?
so not one person made a valid argument to NOT build the wall.
Diamond stud wants a borderless society then goes on to describe an electronic border.  I wouldnt let him run a McDonalds.
I want to see Adam from Adam ruins everything and Steve debate
That due ain't Spanish...he's ashamed to be Mexican.
BUILD THE WALL AND GET THESE ILLEGALS OUT!! Why do we continue to put foreigners first before our own people?! How is it fair for an undocumented immigrant to get a scholarship over me?! Sorry, I have no sympathy. Liberals are worried about children being separated from their families but American children have been separated from their fathers due to our corrupt government! Get these racist illegals out! Tired of them sucking up all of our funds that our meant for us!!
Dude, I hate the new change my mind location.
I appreciate the courage of the lady and leroy to sit down with them in a border state.  I just wish someone would have sit down with Crowder who was more educated on the issues.
This is cringe worthy, this younger generation is so miss guided, it's beyond pathetic. Wow, he wants to run for Gov in new Mexico some day lmao. The scary thing is I think he could win. Smh
Sciencetifficall
It must have been slim pickings to give this moron so much camera time.......
Do a "words shouldn't be race exclusive" change my mind
BUILD THE WALL!
Also man you need to come to my town /college Ill be more then happy to speak to you! All these people you film seem to be so stupid lol
My dude was rocking a Sixers Jersey let's go!
"I support putting Immigrant Children in cages after taking their parents away - Change My Mind" can't wait for this one
Oh god. The second guy sounds native. People, please ignore him. Not all us natives are as ignorant as him.
To funny.
Anyone have the sources on the crime statistics he mentioned at 6:29 ?
X-ray boy is a total fucking idiot!!!! Deport him to the South Pole with no coat.  Problem solved.  It is hard to believe there are people who think like X-ray boy who can vote.  If I was a nearly illegal alien, who got in... I would said... no boarders too.   Fuck these people. Keep um out, kick up out.
BORDER NOT BOARDER!!!  LEARN TO SPELL!!  GEEZ!!!
Holy fuck he's stupid. Go back to school...seems nice but dumb as a brick
This guy sounds like a the tranny prostitute on cops 
How in the world does that guy expect to tax illegals?
I live in New Mexico and know a bunch of school teachers and professors.  The guy in the white t-shirt makes me want to gather them all together and just slap them while screaming what the F...of course this is just a pre-though...and not a mastermind..X-ray...scientifical...kind of way...I mean thing.  Of course my teacher friends would come back with the response "This is what happens to someone who uses drugs and specifically peyote"!
that second dude is so high. go green global lol
I can help this guy out with his x-ray wall / not a wall.  He could have rainbows that people would have to walk under to be x-rayed.  Of course, Unicorns would be guarding the x-ray wall to make sure everyone enters under the rainbow.
Your parents have been here since the 1500s and you cant even speak fucking English? X-ray border? WTF
I wonder if that woman wants to report the people she owes?
The second guy really doesnt understand  it hurt me to watch him
Build the xray!! Build the xray!!! Build the xray!!!
The guy who claimed to be Spanish, doesn't look or sound like a Spaniard...but he does look and sound like a Mexican Mestizo...he said his ancestors have been in New Mexico since about 1550....funny.....New Mexico wasn't even founded until 1912....I thought he was high at first, but then realized that he's just ignorant, and has no clue as to what he's even trying to say...for someone whose family has supposedly been in North America for the past 468 years, he has a piss poor command of the English language. I'm calling bull shit on this vato
Just the usual uninformed clueless foolishness from the leftists.
This guys too uneducated to be a governor.
Steven's stare at the the end. 
I'm Mexican and have been deported, and i agree with trump about deportation. Just an FYI for all of you out there Mexico has done deportations also on a bigger scale. This is nothing new, you cannot blame Trump for following the law of their country.
You get caught climbing over the wall we shoot you you die if you try to break out of prison in the USA they shoot you die what's the problem .
Alt-Lite: Look over there! That person is pushing feminism, anti-white rhetoric, transgenderism on children, SJWism, and Islam!

Me: That person is a Jew. shows proof

Alt-Lite: OMG youre a nazi! Evil anti-semite bigot. People like you need to be eradicated. Racist piece of shit! Right wing SJW!
The second guy has been watching so much movies that it is no longer healthy for him. X-RAY BORDERS.
That....was painful to watch.
You didnt hide the first lady that well. You should blur her completely and dont show any distinctive features
I'm sorry I know this is off topic(and probably a dumb question). But I'm just curious is there a difference between CRTV and Mugclub? If so where do I sign up so that I can be a member of the mug club and get the mug? Thank you keep up the good work Mr.Crowder God Bless!
Makes me embarrassed to be a native New Mexican.  That dude is definitely at the top-a his game-a.
Illegal Aliens are not, by definition, "immigrants". "Immigrants" come here, through the lawful process of "immigration", and become citizens.
I'm a mexican, please build the wall, enforce security (both goverments should cooperate on that) and reduce drug traffic from Mxico to USA and reduce gun traffic from USA to Mxico.
I'm not GAY change my mind
This is why you don't snort a gram of coke and then do an interview after.
I thought it was weird when people put that flavored powder in their bottled water, but this woman has a whole plant in hers
Just saying Is Steve was to jump up and rip his shirt off and bull rush while yelling what the F**K You say to anyone who said F**k your wall and Trump while walking by, they would lay down and just cry.... All PUSSYS
The left needs to build a wall around this dolts mouth lol
that "spanish" guy was all cringe
Wow dumb
Screw the wall.What we need to do is completely close our borders and call back every American to this land for at least 10 years.Then we could slowly open the border for properly vetted individuals.
At the 11:40 Mark I have no idea how Crowder refrained from busting out laughing. LOL
This is very entertaining, but I'd like to see Steven debate a real progressive democrat on this. Even at their DNC two years ago, DWS couldn't lay out why open borders is a defendable policy.
Hopefully Steven does an episode in Philadelphia. As someone from here the people are very ignorant but we have a lot of people who would love to sit down and chat over stuff like this.
This guy's brain needs to be x-rayed
Personally Im against the wall because it seems like a waste of money and effort. I dont believe that its going to be effective enough for determined immigrants. The only upside I see is the money Americans can make from building the wall.
X-ray boarder. Problem solved.
I dont see how any intelligent person could be ok with wasting billions of dollars on a wall we dont need and that wont work. I thought republicans were against the wasting of taxpayer money. This is ridiculous.
I took a dump in my hand
How long you all in Austin?
2nd guy's idea reminded me of the toll booth from Blazing Saddles
That wettie with the white shirt has no idea what he is saying ,cannot put bis insane ideas into coherent words nor can he speak in proper sentences. That dude is making every person of color look bad.
Go green global just saw this and got pissed this idiot endorsed them lol
Can go under or around a wall right? Is the wall going to extend to Hawaii ?
Every member of the NWO ejaculated around the 13:00 mark.
13:16 Hahaha that's how I felt after watching.
Wow!! I am from NM and I assure you that we do not all sound like this. But at least he sat down and had some ideas, more than most of the democrats.
im not from america so i dont really care. but dont most illegal imigrants come by plane?
The wall is a symbol of Trump's policy of immigration. A very expensive one, that Trump said Mexico will pay for, but in the meantime Trump want Congress to front before that happens.
Leroy's manifesto
1. Capture Slav..(ahem) Citizens
2. Force la..i mean tax them for work
3. X-rays everywhere !
Leroy for governor 2018
LOL Xray Border? You mean a checkpoint?!
I hear the argument of capitulation to reality : Build a 50ft wall and theyll make a 51 ft ladder; build a wall and theyll make a tunnel under it; nation-states are a 20th century, outdated idea. SCREW THAT.
What percentage of illegal aliens commit crime? 100% Hence the term, "illegal aliens". Every last person who entered this country illegally, or overstayed their lawful permission to be here, are criminals by definition.

Further, if, in coming to my country, your very first act is to break the law to enter, this does not bode well for the chances you will be law-abiding thereafter.
We need this wall. Where's Humpty Dumpty gonna sit?
High in public. Lol
Man, the second guy was so stupid I couldn't even finish watching the video...
Seriously people... If you don't support the border, take your front door off its hinges. Stop being hypocrites.
Also... The xray fence Idea could work... Sterilize them when they cross the border without permission. Brilliant!
Lol that seconed dude wants to be governer lol i guess hes about a stupid as the rest of them
Seriously people... If you don't support the border, take your front door off its hinges. Stop being hypocrites.
That 2nd guy was so close to suggesting filling the waters with sharks with laser beams attached to their heads.
As a mexican that lives in Mxico, im ok with the wall, i understand why the U.S.A wants to build it, but we are not going to pay for that
Second dude seemed like an actual tard
Is the second person a rapper?
Crowder do you always debate with any random idiot?
crowder has to be cherry picking these clips. theres no way that every person he talks to is retarded. theres nothing more annoying then a stupid confident person.
You want millions of people into a country that still has millions of its own people unemployed?

Why can't these people just understand how the rules of the universe works? 

I don't want to kill myself, but.. | Change my mind
I'm with him. Xray wall is the solution.
build the xray gate
the x ray border is scientifical
Well honestly the future governor of New Mexico knows how to have a respectful conversation...
Build the wall!!  What don't they understand?  Illegal MEANS ILLEGAL!  Really stupid arguments against the wall.
I think Mexico would split nicely in to 3 or 4 new states.
You need to have some kind of weeding out before the interviews.  Interviewing random looney tunes is hard to watch.
Well...Ok...at least he thought about it. Even if he doesn't realize with his X-ray tagged border crossers he is quite in fact supporting borders and honestly promoting something WAY more sinister and 1984esque than a concrete wall. He thought about it. All good judgement comes from bad experience. All good ideas evolve from something, even bad or mediocre ideas. He is a prime candidate for learning the truth, merely because he was willing to engage in dialogue with an opposite (not really) viewpoint. With announcing his channel name, he is likely going to get several watchers from this show to go give him a bit of education. I just hope it's kind and teacherly rather than mean and petty like so many of the comments here. Red Pill that guy, don't run him down like a lynch mob.
Stevens face at the end killed me 
i'm getting dumber watching this.
Your face at the end says it all, my friend.
We do need border security, but I'm not sure a 21.6 billion dollar wall is going to magically stop all or even most drugs and people from being smuggled into the country. The wall will just be climbed over and tunneled under. We all know the cartel loves to tunnel. Not to mention how it could negatively impact the migration patterns of wildlife, or how the wall would need to go through privately owned land. It just doesn't seem practical or worth while.
im scared for her you shouldve blurred her all out and her voice too:(
The future governer of New Mexico folks...
x-ray borders, electronic chips...? What? This guy needs to lay off the pot.
I came here legally
Not that difficult 
the residence sure its a bit more difficult but once you have those you should be alright
My God Leon needs to put down the meth pipe and read a fucking book!!!!! That shit was painful to watch and even more painful to hear. Computer ID chips and fucking Spytech XRay borders? WTF???
Your on-campus change my minds induce much more open-minded people and much more interesting discussions.
Can you do a pro-vax/anti-vax video? You seem like you rely on a lot of data and scientific evidence, but Im pretty sure the scientist who suggested vaccinations cause autism was either charged with scientific fraud or used poor methodology (I think its the latter), the result hasnt been widely replicated, and doesnt align with current developmental neuropsych theories of autism - so Im interested to see where you stand on this one
XRAY BORDER, Why build a wall when we can implant all Mexicans with cybernetic identification that will be read when any of them happen to cross from Mexico into the US so they can pay their taxes? *Neck snaps from rapid head shaking
That guy was basically arguing them becoming legal citizens. Which is what we all want them to do. Legally.
Make George Orwells fiction agean
F your Wall
The amount of drugs going into the USA is a smaller % compared to the amount of drugs grown and made inside the states. Also the amount of drugs that is making it into the state is a small % using the ground boarders, the large shipments come in by ship and plane. As for the wall if your going to build one along the usa Mexican boarder you better build one on the Canadian boarder too cause we don't want you shipping all those drugs up too us.
Kinda like disney land second dude!!!
is he describing dystopia..?
I'm against the wall because I think its a waste of money :/
Lmao hes thinking of running for governor of New Mexico? Sadly hed probably win.
"It's not me that says this, it's statistics!" proceeds to use made up numbers
What's worse? Having a border wall or electronically tagging every person who crosses so the government knows where you're at at all times? Holy shit...
This show should be called you cant change my mind. Not to mention the inaccuracy in some of the statistics used by this clown. Also, its clear to see how he obviously only shows the most erratic and stupid interviewees, to make himself look better and get all his fan boys and girls riled up
I am a man. Change my mind.
Wall debate will shift when there is a state meltdown crisis in Mexico or South America.  Or a southern border terror incident.
"They're not sending their best".  The same could be said for the people who talked to Crowder in this segment.
Did that guy just propose tagging the immigrants?!?
If that dude becomes a governor we are fucking doomed.
Whenever my faith in humanity begins to recover I somehow manage to run into another Change My Mind... fuck me
"I plan on someday being the Governor of New Mexico." HAHAHAHAHA LMAO!!!! This dude has brain damage.
well, someone watched a lot of Sci-Fi...
That guy is planning on being governor of New Mexico... suuuure...
I'm not against building the wall, but I think it will be relatively ineffective.
Cheees, i am now just gonna dislike or like your stupid "conversation videos" judging by the title ..
X ray wall  
Should be....Do you have a brain......change my mind
I am not trying to make fun of the second guy but omfg... the way he pronounces shit and  his ideas .. like no borders.. like tax them..like no wall... 
If only Mexico would police its southern boarder which Obama gave them millions for.  The Mexican government is happy to let its citizens cross the boarder because those illegals send money back into Mexico.
80% of the women who cross the border illegally from South America get raped
Hey Steven Ive actually agreed with u on most of the change my mind segments but this one I kinda dont agree with if you would like to set up an interview with me and I have some good points about why I disagree I would love to come on and talk with you about it
It's going to be hard to find people to speak with an opposition to your change my mind. I believe most Americans support the wall and will not speak out for fear of being labeled a racist, bigot, xenophobe etc....People would rather express themselves privately in a manner such as voting just like the election there is I believe a silent majority too scared to say what they think on the topic because the harassment from the liberals and the MSM. So you won't find but a few argue against the wall and border security unless you went to a college in California just looking for the sad, angry, tolerant liberals........
I'll have what this second guy was having lmao
Statistically the word statistically will be used way more when talking about statistics
Call The Masterminds!  We need that X-Ray border!
That ending. Lmao.
I can stop all illegal immigrants in one day.
Consider the lowly wood chipper.
This is the scenario, set up wood chipper say a, MORBARK 50/48 whole tree drum chipper,at a known crossing point, invite the press,express your intent, broadcast it live and...  wait.  The press will be insane by this point. The whole world will be tuning in to see if the ICE agents will really go thru with it. Finally some unlucky illegals arrive.a live chase and ICE captures the illegals. The terror is palpable. They are rounded up and put into a prepared fenced chute. All that is left is to feed the first dozen random illegal crossers, men, women, children,babys and the coyotes that guide them into the hopper at gunpoint. A conveyor belt begins to turn and the illegals move toward the grinder. The press is incensed! Tv ratings and live streams hit record numbers. The screams are heartbreaking. The first falls into the rotating blades and is jettisoned as a fine mist of flesh and bone. One after the other, they fall and are blown out the exit as stew. The press is screaming, one reporter is puking her guts out onto her Manolo Blahnik shoes. The cameras are shaking and pointing at random things to stem the horror. A man with an impeccable suit and dead eyes walks out of a government car and up to one of the cameras. He says,  the government of the USA has decided to take a hard line against crime. There will be no more illegal immigration, that goes for those that are already here, you have 48 hours to vacate the country. We will not be taking questions at this time.

It will take over a week to prove that its was a hoax, but by then, the problem will have been solved, and for a lot of the world, they will never, ever, believe it WAS a hoax.
Problem solved. Change my mind.
Borders a thing of the past in 5 to 10 years? No, just no. It would require the entire world to cooperate with that, it's just not gonna happen any time soon
I highly doubt illegals account for 37% of homicides in this country.
I lost some brain cells on this one. That second guy was especially clueless. His ideas were so over the top, not only would that be a logistical nightmare the LEFT will not go for it and it would not have a good $ to effect  ratio.
Lmao that border hopping spic look like he smells like shit
OMG I live near New Mexico!! Lord help us if that 2nd guy becomes governor
The main questions I want to be answer are... (1) Can you define "overpopulation" and how do you determine when a country is overpopulated? (2) With the current resource capacity, how many more people do you believe America can take in without being over-populated (3) When you get to the point where over population is close, how do you suggest a country goes about ensuring it doesn't become over-populated. If people really think about these questions they will see that they have no fucking idea of how any of this works, yet despite how ignorant, everyone has a strong opinion on this issue... Dumb ass human beings...
Jesus, I can see the smoke coming out of this guys ears thinking about the "scientifical" details of a non-wall checkpoint.
Building the wall will cost a tremendous amount of money - not just to build - but to maintain, both with personnel, as well as physical maintenance of the surveillance systems, and wall itself. We can spend that money much more efficiently in enforcement, and penalize Mexico or other nations financially for not controlling their side of the border more diligently. We spend about 50 billion annual in aid to Mexico - cut off the money, and lets see how quickly Mexico controls their border. Mexico is today what Columbia was in the 80's - a defacto narco-terrorist state. Until Mexico brings their country into the 21st century and takes down the cartels - Mexico will always be a place where people want to leave.
The Spanish guy is fucking retarded. 80IQ at most. X----R A Y    B O R D E R   LOL
Lol he's so syfy
Mastermind-uh x-ray-uh scientifical-uh written explaination-uh muh drug war-uh opiates-uh boss hoggs-uh
That second dude  again being attacked for presenting new ideas 
I didn't realize ISIS had developed a stupid-bomb and their first target had been Austin...
So, a border wall is a step too far, but microchipping everyone so Big Brother can tell where you are at any given time isn't? And that's not a violation of privacy, but clear backpacks are?

I must be odd. I literally cannot even.
Yo, you blurred her face and left her picture of her face on her ID card. Maybe wanna fix that?
I dont know, like, you know
Help the economy? So why dont they help Mexico's economy? This dude is an ADHD dolt
Lol that spaniard sounds like a mexican 
Xenophobe
this guy is proposing a pretty interesting idea for a story lol
Border Patrol 2029
Ofc there need to be immigration laws and deportation.. but building the wall is absolutely useless!  You know it crowder ..just poking the bear for views.
LOts o LOve from the logical left( if that exists, otherwise i guess im a neo-rightest, just came up with the term.).   Logic trumps emotional response. #build the wall. Great grand parents came from mexico legally.
Did I just get called a cheap prick?
It is False that: Immigrants commit the most crime. Google it. Would it make sense that native born make up the highest percentage and commit the least crime?? Statistically no.
I'm going to call BS on Crowder's claim that undocumented immigrants, 3.5% of the population, commit 37% of the the murders. The other guy seems to recognize that too when he looked confused/skeptical and asked "13%?". What is your source because I have seen nothing suggesting such an exaggerated figure? For example, CIS reports that non-citizens (not just undocumented immigrants) commits 8.9 percent of homicides. Even Fox News only reported about 12% (with this dubious disclaimer "In the absence of comprehensive data, FoxNews.com examined a patchwork of local, state and federal statistics"). Cato poked a lot of holes in that article so even 12% is probably erroneously high.
Im sorry, is he saying X-ray scanner?
white people smh my head
That man is on the cocaine.
Pretty sure he's handicappeda
2nd guy has been watching too many marvel comic movies. We can make like an invisible gate around the border that magically gives you a number and asks wtf is you doin here and then somehow taxes you. I dunno man me and my homies gotta fix all the details but Im gonna be governor of New Mexico.
The first guy is why kids shouldn't do drugs 
I love how we finds very low IQ people to argue against his position.
Was that guy High?  Or just stupid?
Gaming Disorder
Change my mind
these people are not us. America is OUR home, OUR nation, we DO NOT want to be a part of mexico, and this flood of shitty people from the 3rd world is an invasion and supports the rise of racial Bolshevism. Its ALL GOING TO END IN A RACE WAR, AND WE WHITE MEN ARE GETTING READY TO FIGHT AND WIN IN THE POST COLLAPSE AMERICA. SEE YOU SOON.
Worst change my mind ever: change my mind
Lol, the guy @9:52 says we need to chip all illegals to track them in order to tax them hahaha
The Spanish guy... Damn... that was a whole new level of Stupid...
RFID for everyone, oh that doesn't scream opression. Who is this second guy he doesn't know anything! His ideas are super opressive.
Airplanes. The wall can't stop them. Done
The look on that second guy's face while you were telling him the scary numbers was a level of priceless that I'm failing to find the words to describe. 6:37 Sweet Sithis in the Void, he's not even capable of expressing coherent thought.
Does anyone have any idea where Steven got his stats about illegal immigrants committing 37% of the murders in this country? That cannot be close to correct.
The second guy talking is what I imagine most people actually believe, They believe in border security but cant say a wall because thats mean.
alot of the time I find you pretty annoying with you always being so right. But I respect how you are always respectful and have good debates
So his entire idea to fix the border crisis is: Don't build the wall. Instead chip people and force them to pass through a check point. And liberals wonder why people think they are stupid.
I was really hoping you would have found some people with some intelligence on the subject and issue at hand. I love a good verbal sparing but these people almost didnt have a rational thought in their brain. Hard to watch
This is successfully proving how uneducated and uninformed and how DANGEROUS some of the viewpoints you hear are.
This guys ideas are worst than a wall. I'm for the wall by the way.
I will not get an rfid. This dude is talking about thre process already in place. He is too dumb to be the governor of New Mexico.
Correct me if I'm wrong... But don't all countries or territories have boarders of some kind? You know, for safety and shit? Whether or not this sounds presumptuous but we still get terrorist attacks in our country! Shouldnt we have safety, make it known we are guarded? This is aside from immigration, I mean yes make them all legal citizens.
So, get rid of the border, and then check people at the border.

Good job second guy.
The second guys' ideas are so offensive and invasive. I'm surprised he's ok with all that, but not a wall.
So the last guy had no solution at all and was unable to put together a coherent thought.
13:15 When you realize there's no hope for the left...
Holy shit...I got a change my mind ad for crtv* on a change my mind video....YouTube 
...get your shit together.
New mexico is fucked
I'm totally for a reform but the wall would make so many financial issues. Most immigrants over stay their visas anyway. That's the main issue
After watching this the wall doesnt seem like such a bad idea
Build a tiny wall and put Marines on it with 50 cal snipers, anyone not headed to the gate gets their head blown off job done.
Borders are a thing of the past? Okay buddy, then you wanting people to come into the country will be a thing of the past. Fucking ignorant globalist.
The look at the end is priceless. Once again Steven, awesome job, keep these coming.
Foreign immigration is a literal Trojan horse
If only the Natives built a wall against Europeans
Dude is straight Illiterate !! Scientoligical ?? LMAO
My disagreement with the wall is on how it should be built. I think we should build it with the blood and bones of the children we abduct and the wall of bones will be a deterent to all who dare cross it!!! Problem solved the republican way! DEATH AND SLAVES ARE THE REPUBLICAN WAYS!
X-RAY (RFID) tags? So we inject RFIDs into everyone? And we have to document as to why we are at whatever place? Really?!?

Minority Report
That guy at about 5:00 is a really bad liar. He's Mexican AF and anyone with either eyes or ears can tell.
people believing the US doesnt need a boarder wall should not have locks on their cars and homes, why ? well those locks are creating a boarder and they should live what they preach.
that radiaton belt instead of wall was actually great idea
Don't ladders, shovels and pickaxes exist in Mexico? I'm not denying that illegal immigration is a problem but i hardly think a wall is gonna make a difference considering how much it will cost
That second guy is nuts.   His idea sounds like what China is doing.
Lmao  This is a three year old idea? (The second guy)
What must be noted is the fact that a lot of the legal immigrants DO NOT want more illegal immigration.  One reason is that these MS13 guys come into their communities.  Imagine it being that you left the country because of all the violent drug crime and your liberal "friends" invite the exact same people, who you ran from, to come over,  And they put them in YOUR community, not their own.  If Nancy Pelosi had to live right next to the MS13 members whom she is brining in, she would change her tune real quick.
Second guy says he wants to be Governor of New Mexico sum day. You know he Pro-Weed to the max!!
Goddamn, I've heard some stupid ass people in my day but this New Mexico dude is straight fucking retarded....might as well ask for ear tags like fucking cattle and open borders with no checkpoints
Crazy guy: "I don't know the proper scientifical ray that is used..." 10:56 
Me: "Ray Charles...duh...stupid!"
I was really looking forward to this one but it was a big disappointment. Its an easy topic to discuss but no one can talk about it.
WE ARE THE WALL!!!
Theres some strong shit in that womens bottle
But if illegal immigrants earn below tax revenue on average and consume more public resources... how can you tax them? Their tax burden will always be higher than their input
The u.s wasnt a thing in the 1550s lol
Having a discussion about this topic with someone, and curious as to where I can find the statistics he cited in this video? Thanks
Bad episode but can u do another one?
Its impossible to change Stevens mind because his whole persona is to be this right wing trope
That guy in the white shirt is a total fucking idiot. We should deport him.
We should take the illegal immigrants, and make them build barracks for more immigrants until they can be processed and legally become citizens. That way they get jobs working on the barracks, and when they obtain citizenship, they can enter the country legally. Then we arent separating families, and can help people find a better future. Legally.
Sorry I'll admit I'm a cheap prick right now!! Thanks for the content!!!
What a frightening Orwellian future this dude wants with ID tags and x ray machines scanning the public... 

Jesus Christ.... take China and cross it with modern socialist Venezuela with a dash of North Korea
Shouting and swearing is unproductive idk why its always girls that do it if your so angry why dont you put all that aggression into a debate
Hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiip crowder ily bro
The second guy has good intentions...but let's face it...he's insane.
Low IQ liars everywhere. The wall is definitely needed for any country. USA has been too lax against these illegals because corrupted democrats want their votes in the future (if they become citizens somehow).
Remember that Obama said far worse things about illegals back in early 2000s. Just because he was the pretty face of politics in some eyes and was speaking much better than Trump, it doesn't mean he was all saint and pure hearted. No matter which party you support you all need to watch their actions and punish them with your votes. This time it's democrat's turn to be punished. They allowed this to happen. They allowed mega corporates to take advantage of cheap labor of illegals and damaged the middle class.
Watched an add for change my mind while waiting to watch .... Change my mind.  Effective marketing.
build the wall stop the illegal invaders ... if you dont want the wall we could use bullets and not have any more problems with invaders
Imagine what America would be like if these 3rd world 80 IQ people were the majority and were in power.. holy shit. Something needs to be done.
Man watching these videos I always sway to Steven his so intelligent and breaks it down simply for I to understand and brings facts to the table and addresses one issue at a time to not confuse the narrative or audience. I thought the wall was stupid but he just asks what else should we do to prevent illegal people coming in and I have nothing. Maybe not a wall but We gotta do something
muslims are to europe as mexicans are to America
Need further proof a wall would work? China has a wall and they have almost no Mexicans
Leroy wants to implement the Mark of the Beast. WOW
So that last fool wants to do away with borders, but enforce mandatory tracking devices? Baaaaaahahahaha
you should do the same topic just in a different spot.
you should do the same topic just in a different spot.
No way should we put a wall. We should put chips in them then tax them but before that we should pump are them with x-rays. People are really brainwashed. It's better to say we should radiate them including the children instead of just putting a wall up. Makes sense to me
snoop dog at 0:15
Why is this so much shorter than your other "Change My Mind" videos? It only features the most ineloquent and least informed people you could find so you end up only having to rebut a few ridiculous arguments against the wall without setting forth any real argument as to why it's a good idea. I can't help but feel you don't have very many logical reasons to justify why we should pay to have this wall built. I'm not impressed Crowder, I expected more from you.
This is so entertaining- I wish it was longer! That second dude was such an idiot!!!
These people have literally no clue what they are talking about.  Emotional feelings only, no arguments
I disagree with you on many issues, but I absolutely love this series. It's incredible how people are baffled by a sound argument with level emotion. Keep it up, Crowder.
Yo y'all gotta blur that ID card too 
U need a new location for this question
Jeeez that second guy is really ignorant and just out right dumb. He is just repeating a few talking points he has been probably heard from his equally ignorant dumb friends and the media. This is the typical gullible fool that the radical left brainwashes with their fake news and propaganda.
The spainish guys heart is in the right place, but he is not seeing the whole picture
If the wall isn't going to stop people from coming over, then why are you against?  Build the wall and let them come over.
The more the second guy talked the closer and closer his idea got to how our border checkpoints are already set up. Electronic stamp telling when you arrived - Passport. 
A written declaration - have that.
You see, I'm against the wall because it would simply cost too much and would take too long. But I do believe in fair and secure imigration.
#YousefWon
Hmm soo he doesn't want borders but asks for an x-ray border? Bruh... if we can't deport and find all illegals how in the world is an x-ray border going to solve this?  oh man
That Spanish dude is retarded
Unfortunately the quality of the conversation relies on the quality of the guests
The second guy is ridiculously stupid Jesus Christ I couldnt listen to him
What surprised me most was how many people are so utterly ignorant about this topic. The second gentleman wants to be in politics. I think he needs an education first. Word of advice to the second gentleman... Having a YouTube channel doesn't give you the intelligence necessary to speak on these topics without the benefit of first educating yourself about the issues.
And sir what is your solution to the illegal immigration problem? 

...X-ray wall
If yall really want to make them stop coming. Then first think why. WHY is it that they are running away from their home? Why the fuck would someone want to leave their home? With nothing. Just the clothes they are wearing on their backs is all they have. Now WHY would they be willing to stuggle that way? Vacation? Visiting? 
No... 
Fucking neither. 
Like the first woman said. There are wars raging in Mexico. With the people the police, who in their right minds would be able to rais a child there? Now when it comes to the safety of your own family memebers or just your child. Rules and Laws are the least of their concerns when they all live in threatening situations. Their country is NOT helping them. So their lieving. You got a problem with that that? How bout you try and fix a country where they dont give a shit about your problems? Or just making it worse? Because nobody will stay in a place like that. Violence running the streets. Running their homes. And all they can do is run away..... 
Plus thers already a fucking wall. A wall that has been IMPROVED. but not the homes for the people who are STILL planing on running away.
I felt awful for the first woman you spoke with. She seemed really scared. Heartbreaking. The second guy seemed like he just drank a gallon of coffee. Scientifical...X-Ray borders What?!? Was like listening to a beat poet. LOL Thanks for doing this specific topic. Enforce the border. Build the wall.
I couldnt watch the second guy
The Wall(tm) wouldn't stop airplanes.
So an X-Ray border where we need to round up every single person in the world and tag them like a puppy dog in case they decide to wander over our high tech border will be more cost effective and embraced by everyone? Oh-kaaaaaayyyyy.... That was wild. Will there be a part 2 with some coherent arguments against the wall?
What kills me is all the Hillary supporters who are against border security and the wall..... They evidently didn't take a look at her stance on the topic during her first time running as POTUS.....
Crowder, fuming, ready to blow...
For a good stretch, it almost seemed like the guy was saying that what we need to do to solve illegal immigration is to make people go through the naturalization process. Umm ... YEAH!
What the hell is this guy on about? So you're proposing a gigantic how many mile long x-ray machine that's going to scan anybody and everybody that walks across? What are you smoking kid? No borders means you don't know who the hell is here how they got here when they got here when they left nothing and they can do whatever they want whenever they want and just flee. How do you not see a problem with that
I like the talking point for this CMM. It seems like both people wanted a stronger border without wanting to admit it to themselves. The advised counter points were pretty much just have illegal immigrants immigrate legally. Which is what the wall is about. The wall seems scary, but why shouldn't a country have a secure border.
I fear that people are going to start catching on to Crowder the more popular he gets and wont want to participate. Why was this only 13 minutes long?
How have people become so fucking thick ...... lol
Scientifical X-Ray walls man

He essentially wants to microchip illegals lol
all of these people live in the matrix non reality.  Latinos will stand with there kind no matter what.  They all hate us Americans and our country.  Boot camp them up and enslave all Latinas tho build our beautiful wall
The really terrifying thing about that second guy is that he's probably closer to the truth of what will actually end up happening than most people realize. As the surveillance State increases and the authoritarian governments of the world seek ever- increasingly efficient accurate and reliable ways to track and monitor individuals combined with the advances of Technology a chip with payment identification cell phone capabilities and GPS tracking is hardly unthinkable within the next generation.
You support any form of border control?
-no
How will we know who enters the country?
-... x-ray borders!!!
The second guy's ideas were CRAZY SCARY. Stevens like "i want a wall and popper channel for immigrants to enter" and that guy's like "We should TAG THEM, always know where they are, identify them somehow". Holly crap that's WAY WORSE then just having them use the proper channels.
The second guy is literally from the future
Last comment total Gold. As I am the cheap prick. I am from Australia and I am one who just loves a good laugh at how naive some people can be. Especially in your own country. Don't get me wrong, I love the USA. If I ever win TATTS I am buying a big ass ranch in Colorado or Wyoming and becoming a citizen. I have dreamed (dreamt) about it for years, just can't  afford it. Anyway enough about me. Why don't they get it.
This video was very boring. The second guy totally ruined the whole video. No interest in finishing it.
What world is this idiot living in? We can already travel super fast and super cheap.
Seriously, this is the biggest idiot yet on these series.
Blurred her face but not her ID badge.
Second guy is kinda out there if you know what I mean.
Her face is visible at 1:08
This guy would rather everyone, whether they are citizens, immigrants, illegal aliens, be tracked electronically by the government than have a international border. 
LEEEROY JENKINS!!!!!!!!
"Just tax them and make them legal citizens to benefit the economy" etc - that's why a wall is needed. You won't be able to tax American citizens if the are not known to exist in America in the first place. Why would Mexicans pay and try to become a legal citizen when they can go into America illegally and avoid tax anyway..
The way the second guy talks is so annoying
That guy was stoned I guarantee you, thanks Steven for wasting my time
So the 2nd guy all I got out of it was don't build a wall and violate everyone's privacy with RFID chips and xrays and yet create a funnel an checkpoint .....The wall is sounding even greater now....
this is the worst change my mind
Best ending
13:17 he's like ''What the f@ck was that''
All the normies are freaking out over the second guy, when its pretty clear hes an obvious troll and just got all you. Damn boomers man lmao
I would have been a pretty good guest for this, I think. Because I am 100% with Steven on pretty all his points. Except I'm not sold on the wall. I see it as an expensive statement more than a pragmatic solution.
There is an article out that made the front page of reddit that says that trump is indisputably the worst president in history...
Why was this so short? Surely someone besides these to people sat down?..
Hell yeah X-RAY gates!! X-RAY BORDER FTW!!
Sure build the wall but illegal immigrants should not be separated from their kids (ie sent back to their native country while their kid is left in America)
The second dude is so cringy I had to turn the video off.
X ray scanners are the solution guys 
Id like to make it to your next setup... any idea when that will be?
Jesus steven has a LOT of patience. :P
Its funny how conservative people act and think like children. Building a wall, thinking that it will stop illegal immigration is just like thinking that your grandpa carabine would defend you from a tyrannical government.
12:26 quoting President Trump I see...
The way the second guy speaks shows he's trying to make justifications based on his current his knowledge which is completely uneducated. He literally has no clue... 'oh just tax them'...bruh what
"and the X-ray border will get them." heheheh, hes not that crazy, but he is saying it poorly.
The future Gov.
Ever heard of a ladder?
The face at the end. Lol 
The mastermind individuals decided a wall would be the best solution.
My sources tell me, the second individual, disguised as a human, arrived earlier that day on a space craft from the Sombrero Galaxy.
Okay, if there is a wall that is built along our border, it is funded through tax dollars. Forcing tax payers to pay for that is theft, as any federally mandated tax is. You released a Change My Mind video titled "Socialism is Evil". I agree with that video's premise, and this wall fits perfectly in the category of socialism. I am in support of some process or background check to prevent those who could pose a threat from entering our country (Not those smuggling drugs or weapons, the government should not regulate consumption of goods). For example, immigrants from Islamic origins who have potential to carry out terrorist action would be denied entrance to our country. But a wall is not necessary to that out, and thus it is a commodity. Being forcibly taxed for a commodity, as previously stated by you in your "Socialism is Evil" video, is evil.
Dude is not Spanish lol
That second guy has to be the biggest moron on the internet right now lol
Razorfist made the most compelling case for why we need the wall, because he's actually been to Mexico. Not tourist Mexico where all these huwyte people go on vacation and think is great, Mexico Mexico.
He wants and xray wall, not a physical wall oh and microchip tracking... Lol that's WAY more extreme then Trumps plan.
The second  guy is HIGH AS a mofo
Only the dumb ones were willing to debate this one.  The others know that they have no argument.
I can't wait for the x-ray wall!
The second guy was pure science fiction. Cudos to Steven for even siting thru that conversation. Sheesh.
This guy is a perfect example of a person who thinks he's an intellectual, yet who actually have no idea what they are talking about.
I was born in this great country but my parents  Weren't born here they came when they were around 17 and they now have papers .how can i debate someone when all they keep telling me "well your parents came here illegally".what is a good come back
This is the kind of topic that geographical location definately has a play in. If you speak to someone closer to the border such as in Austin Texas, hell no are they going to want to open borders to for people to come commit violence where they live. That's why it's easy for someone in the Hollywood Hills who's guarded by gates and armed guards to make decisions on behalf of other people.
That guy is just soooo...... dumb
I would like to know steven's sources when he quotes that undocumented immigrants disproportionately commit crimes. I agree with many of Crowder's arguments in many of these videos but i disagree with many of his arguments as well. I've always wanted to know his sources.
How is a border wall worse than chipping and live tracking people??  Wtf
I live in Austin! Let me know if you ever need an extra hand at any of your excursions.
She has a plant sticking out of her bottle?
hispanics take out far more than they put into the tax system. 'just tax them bro' isn't a good reason to keep the illegals at least while the welfare state is intact.
Jesus fucking Christ. Even disregarding immigration, the wall Trump has suggested would be a complete financial and environmental disaster. Change my mind on that.
We should have auto turrets, bzrrrrrp bvrrrrp click click .... duhduhduhduhduduhduhduhdudhduhdudduhduhduhduh 
Target destroyed bvrrrp bvewwww
My grandfather and grandmother on my mom's side were born and raised in Central Mexico.  They came over legally and acquired citizenship and learned English and assimilated fine. I had 0 problems vising my mother's family in Central Mexico and coming back last September.  That woman's paranoid.  I don't blame her though.  All the left wing media talk so much nonsense it warps people and makes them paranoid over lies and their propaganda.
Id and tag everyone? Sounds like a nazi to me.
that guys definitely gonna be the governor oh yeah
I'm a cheap prick Crowder         /      Change My Mind
dude shouldn't have smoked up before setting down to the table
Damn, Steven. I thought you were smarter than this.
I like how the second guy''s idea was a contradiction as well as a shiteam version of what we already have, plus xrays??!! Lol
I usually like your stuff Steven but the wall will do nothing its pointless and a waste of money
Who are these people there's plenty of reasons why a wall won't work. Most Mexicans just overstay there Visa as opposed of walking through the desert while drug smugglers mostly sneak drugs through major ports. I really question if this unedited.
Get em legal citizens and just tax em... yeah, like the process we already have in place maybe? Fuckin mook
"I want border security without securing the border.  I want everyone to obey all laws without enforcing any laws."
Yeah, because that would work...
BUILD THE WALL WITH YOUR ASS, BITCH intensifies
Hahaha Mexican Leroy sounded dumb AF
(In a Cenk voice) Of couuuuuuuurse this video isn't trending
Here's my take on the wall. It seems to me that as a symbol, a border wall in America would be way more successful at keeping people in than keeping people out. Americans are already the most poorly traveled people on the planet. Having a physical manifestation of xenophobia, which is what a wall on the border would become would ultimately make Americans even less likely to travel. 
Basically,  my concern for the wall is it would become a control mechanism for the people on the inside.
Most of these people seem mentally ill......
http://www.fox2detroit.com/news/local-news/undocumented-man-charged-in-fatal-wixom-hit-and-run-of-teen
I think the second guy was on drugs...
the second guy is just rambling about nothing
That second guy is so fucking dumb. Usually all the people that are against securing the border don't know what the hell they are talking about and live in fantasy land.
Build a mine field.
The second dude talks like it's year 3099
he should be the next governor of Mexico
You can't tax welfare recipients, moron.
His face at the end had me dying... Hahahahah
I feel empathy for the woman she wants a better and peaceful solution which may never be achieved, but the guy that sat after was such a moron... Hey lets tag people like cattle or endangered wild life to monitor them 24/7... Man does this guy knows how sci-fi Nazi that sounds?... America just build the wall already, it worked for China all those centuries ago.

On another note... Not "if" but "when" they start to remake all of Tom Hanks movies I will start a Riot if they dont cast Crowder to take his roles. Seriously the first time I clicked on of your CMM videos I was like "Wait! Since when does Tom Hanks has a youtube channel?!!!".
let's solve a borders and get rid of them..we will replace them with borders.
Why cant we just become a white version of wakanda, why? because force fields
The guy who's family lived in Mexico for 500 years but not Mexican, the fuck was he talking about?
This dude is describing a Schwarzenegger movie...
LOL!  This guy's scientificle analysis on immigrication and politicology is blowing my mind! ; ) #TheyWalkAmongUs #Clueless
05:06  "I'm not Mexican.  I'm Spanish.    This chump is not only ignorant, he's stoopid.  Wow. He is dang mind numbing tarded.
I think person #2 was high on something.  Either that or bipolar.  Clinical diagnosis is unclear at this time, and I can't see his pupils very well.  Just has that pressured speech and flight of ideas typical of bipolar disorder.
10:07   ''For me to execute this i would have to like, a few mastermind individuals to really sit down and think this over''
Dude bro is surpassing Joe Rogan level of future thinking. 

"In the next 5 to 10 years." HAHAHAHAHAHA!
Being Mexican Im ashamed of the lack of knowledge my culture has. We really are proving everything they say about us right.
If we get the wall people don't make it into the country illegally and children aren't separated from their families because they never get to that point in addition to that it reduces fatalities in the desert of people trying to make the journey and illegally. By all accounts I say both sides get what they want
100% of illegal immigrants commit crimes.  Starting with their presence here.
the second mexican guy is the male version of santa cruz lady.

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=U5oVzbwYWpg
follow the rules and get punished..hmm makes sense to noone...wtf.
Someone should rank the most idiotic change my mind guests. 
I'm Latino,my parents came here legally and so did my wife's entire family and we support the wall..
I can tell you right now that dude is not from Spain. He is definitely indigenous
Wtf is the second guy...idiot
"We need an x-ray scanner..."    Freaking genius.
Used to think you were a statist leaning libertarian, but you're not. You're just another Trumpboi. I'm out
Steven Crowder you should remove the part with the Lady at the start, it is FAR! to easy to track her down if something like this were to go viral. She is easily recognizable and you didnt blur her ID card on her chest, remove it and just have asection talking about the incedent.
every sovereign nation has a wall to protect its citizens..
I think that guy was definitely an illegal immigrant lol Ive known people exactly like this guy. They spread their crazy ideas and try to pass them as innovative ideas, but it ends up sounding retarded and its pretty obvious they know nothing about the context of which they are speaking. Not to mention X-rays and chip implants are in no way shape or form even close to a good idea. That is actually an inhumane thing to do to immigrants. A wall wouldnt sound like such a bad idea after that.
He's gonna get his masterminds to come up with a scientifical way to scan illegal immigrant ID chips . . . God help the people who regularly watch his show.
I love it. most the people out there that he talks to are probably anti-gun but they know so little about guns they don't even notice he's wearing the gun manufacturers t-shirt while he's talking to them
I think building a wall is against all western principles. We should be better than that.
Nevertheless, great content as always. I love this kind of interview approach!
To the second guy: "At no point in your rambling, incoherent response were you even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought. Everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it. I award you no points, and may God have mercy on your soul"
that second guy had a lot of 1984
Man Im all for the X-ray shit. SIGN ME UP. Wow fuckin brilliant my man. HOW ARE PEOPLE THAT DUMB
That 2nd person was really into putting the "Mark of the Beast" on people.  Good intentions can lead to terrible consequences!
7:08   ''Anybody today nowadays creates crimes ya know''         Way to waste your video on a retarded person Crowder
    Then again he does represent the sickness  that the wall needs to keep out.
Mr. Xray border is a tard...
The wall has become a need.  This wouldnt be an issue if we shot on sight any trespassers like the foreign invaders that they are.  My sympathy only extends over legal ways of entry.  If you avoid it you either want free handouts, to be exempt from accountibility or to exploit via neffarious purposes.  Lets go to war with mexico and liberate the people there how bout that...  does mexico have any military or just a corrupt police force?
Build the Deathstar, change my mind.
His name is Leroy

And he pulled a Jenkins
I'm not sure if it's strictly necessary, but do you think you should blur the first lady's name tag?
"Build a wall with your ass" she wants us to moon mexicans lol
Second guy was... off the wall
Dudes goin off on science fiction tangent, but might be on to somthing considering Trump just anounced real life Star Wars.
My biggest beef against the wall is that it's already built in all of the places where there is high illegal immigration.

Most people don't cross the border to become illegal immigrants.  They overstay visas or cross through border checkpoints in a vehicle.  They also have tunnels under the wall where it exists in places like Tijuana.

Thus building the rest of the wall through the desert is a waste of resources.  The best way to fix illegal immigration is to end the drug war.

The drug war is the cause of most civil unrest in Mexico and Central/South America.  This pressures people to leave.
I support securing the border but I don't think building the wall is a good idea. While I think a wall will deter most gang members, drug runners and violent criminals, it will only be a matter of time until we get a Democrat in office who will tear the wall down, rendering it a huge waste of money.

Instead, we should focus on destroying the incentives illegals have for crossing. Cut off federal funding for sanctuary cities. Hammer down on local businesses who hire illegals.

Casteration for sexual predators. Bring back the chain gangs and rock quarries and make the illegal migrant criminals work their asses off before we deport them.
"Scientifical"...
2 million subs!
Hahaha DAMMNNNNNN, I wouldve loved to talk to this dude! Im in favor of legal immigration but against  building the wall because its ineffective. I did a 2 year research on immigration and subtopic of this nature.
@StevenCrowder You mention in the beginning of your videos that you sit down with people, who sometimes change your mind. Can you point me to a video where that happens? I haven't found one yet, but I would really like to see a conversation that was able to influence you enough.
Ok. So we just need to have electronic ID tags tracking everyone's movement throughout their entire lives. Neat.
Only idiots have a problem with immigration laws and borders. They don't ever have the answers to fixing the problem.
No welfare or free school and extra tax for the company's that hire them... dude has a point.
That guy has an extra chromosome if you ask me
Wouldnt it be cheaper, quicker and more efficient to just nuke Mexico, tho?
"I don't know what the proper scientifical ray that's used is but like an x-ray"
Does the second guy not comprehend how ridiculous what he's saying is?! God help New Mexico if he becomes governor.
-Initially he just suggested a system where people pass through a system to get citizenship so we know they are here and they are being taxed properly as citizens.......we have that. The wall is to stop the millions who don't want to do that.
-He clearly didn't process the disproportionate crime statistics
-Obviously open borders would not work, how can anyone think that
-Every country, including Mexico, has immigration laws and rules and sentences for illegal immigration. Why is it only a problem when the U.S. does it. And its not about Mexicans, its about illegal immigrants. We as the U.S. just happen to border Mexico and thats where most of our illegal immigration comes from.
-If you want to have a conversation about the immigration processes, how long it takes, the conditions of the holding areas as we're seeing currently, thats fine. But how can you not support a wall. You can still come in legally.
-Many Mexicans are hard working people and I sympathize with many, especially those with children, who want a better life here. But we HAVE to have rules, just like every other country.
-Yes I believe changes need to be made in the holding areas right now, children shouldn't be in these conditions because they are innocent. We also have to remember that Mexico and their government are shit and need to get their country together so massive amounts of people aren't trying to leave. Also you know what you are getting into if you bring your child and break the law. You are walking them right into a holding cell. Again, that being said, its not the children's fault and they don't deserve poor conditions.
- 13:14 lol

I realize I'm preaching to the choir in this comment section but I had to vent.
This is so stupid
Why dont we just have a fence uh durrr durr
Did the second guy actually  say "I one day plan on being the governor of New Mexico." ????? 11:39
That last dude was fucking retarded, his masterminds are probably some 20 somethings in a weed circle. No, no se mamo.
Bruh that has his own show that's Spanish but whose family has lived in Mexico since the 1500s:
Illegals get welfare, but send any cash they get back  to Mexico. They are doing almost nothing for the American economy.
and why do you sound like a televangelist every time you say the word "drugs"?
"DRUGSUH"
Oh my holy god.... that second guy....
Family has been here since the 1550's

Chooses to speak with an accent.
5:00    wow what a retard.
Who else thinks the people sitting down on this change my mind are the most brain dead of the series?  

The guy spent 3 yrs thinking about immigration and he still couldn't think of a viable solution...  How low IQ can a person get...
This is the only vid I disagree on. Building a wall won't do jack shit. Most illegals are Asians that come in with visas and expire.
How many of you who want the wall have actually been within 100 miles of the border?
Ask the minute men what we should do, you WONT hear "build a wall".
I think I could change your mind. 

Why waste so much money on a wall when we have so much technology that could do the same thing without such a high cost?  Drones. Surveillance. All of these could notify teams on call to take care of it?
well at least the second guy was humble enough to realize that he needed to understand modern technology more
I'M PRO TRUMP, CHANGE MY MIND...
Hi.  My family has been in America 225 years longer than America has and I still have an accent.
Lord, I'm ashamed of these idiots. Not all Mexican Americans are this stupid. Also that guy is not Spanish.
LEEEEROY
Can you do a IM PRO TRUMP, CHANGE MY MIND???
This guy talking about an "X-Ray Border" First of all, You can not scan someone by X-raying them... If you were to do something like this you would have to inject an RFID Tag into their skin. Second, This is called the mark of the devil. Revelation 13:16-18- "Also it causes all, both small and great, both rich and poor, both free and slave, to be marked on the right hand or the forehead, so that no one can buy or sell unless he has the mark, that is, the name of the beast or the number of its name. This calls for wisdom: let the one who has understanding calculate the number of the beast, for it is the number of a man, and his number is 666."
Steven, I don't know how you do it. I couldn't stay as patient with the stupidity as you do. Good job, brother.
Fucking dude wanted to tag ppl like cattle  and he wanna be governor 
Never argue with a moron.  Those watching may not be able to tell the difference.
"But who are the ones selling the drugs?"
This video was probably only 13 minutes as opposed to 50 minutes because he had people making valid points and had to cut them out
Mexican guy is living in 2058
"This is a free thought right now".... Well, you get what you pay for.
I'd love to see a video about the camps. As leftists are totally against them meaning they basically want the innocent children to go to prison with their criminal parents.
The second guy has absolutely no idea what he is talking about. "Remove borders but still have borders"
Got a Steven Crowder ad on a Steven Crowder video 
My ad was the most recent two genders change my mind
Build a wall with my ass... Lmao
god help the people of new mexico and their geo-tracking x-ray border wall situation
wow
Damn...that guy sounds like Tom Arnold's Latin love child.
I wonder if these people who don't want the wall have ever heard of a country called Australia. They don't take any shit.
The second guy is a good case of why marijuana should remain illegal...
I mean the second guy tried.
He got you with this drug argument :) Cartels are now second problem vs fentanyl... am I wrong?
Scary to think that people as stupid as that Spanish guy actually have the right to vote...
So this is from a sepperate conversation. But I think we can certainly have an interesting conversation regarding this. 

"So i am an immigrant under the standard process it took 14 yrs to become a citizen but you know what, we did it was hard, a lot of paperwork and reconfirmation of info etc.but we showed our worth.

This thing about the kids, them poor kids, here is the deal the illegal parents are at fault. they never set up a way to legalize themselves to become contributing to society under valid means. the democrats that where in office built this bill, they  are the ones splitting the families, oh and the lack of responsibility from the parent to do things the right way. 

So why is illegal immigration wrong? well other than it building a sub class of people it creates a new category of demeaning. these people are desperate to the point of doing anything and being subjected to abuse because of their status. Who do you think make up the largest portion of child trafficking? the ones you can manipulate easily because of their status and because they need money.

further more they pose an economic weight as money is funneled out, mind you the value we give money here in the states is different outside the country after all, it is exchanged when it if funneled out of the country. as a result those that receive it drain resources from the country, no not ours but their own. you see the work is done here the value of work is money which recirculates in the states in exchange for goods. when this money is exchanged for other monetary value outside the states, does the money help produce work and function in their economy??? NO, think about it this way if the country doesn't produce work or pay sufficiently then what you are creating is a community that leaches but doesn't give back to the country. as a result its a dysfunctional economy that becomes more impoverished. This in turn promotes the cartel since they "provide" jobs fro the impoverished and as such become the law. 

These people dont see that, they see the hardships and desperation produced from the funneling and in turn only promote the state of decay in those countries, by escaping and halting the growth from where they come from. 

We do not have a system to help them. Maybe educating and sending them back might work but there is nothing to go back to since the comfort of the states is far more pleasing. I feel for these people, but they dont see the mistakes. to promote the growth of a country people willing to make it grow must be there to create the opportunity, to innovate and grow. 

This is my 2 cents, its not racism and its not a lack of humanitarianism. this is the combination of poor judgement and poor policy making and though its tearing families what is the better option struggle or some degree of comfort. Many of us grew up in a state of comfort with water, electricity, food, medicine, all available at the tip of your fingers, can you say with total honesty that though the conditions are harsh for these kids that the outcome is not better than they would be with their parents?

As to a solution, we cant repeat DACA as the result has been disastrous, what we need is a clear cut method to establish green cards in a safe methodical way as to provide work while influencing local expenditure and provide incentive to return to where they came to help there. this is hard but if the USA is to help and avoid getting deeper into the ethics behind the immigration problem we need to influence growth where they derive from."
That second dude was so unintelligent. It's insane how these idiots are able to survive...
Go to any college that has students who want to block people from class based on their race and have a "segregation is bad, change my mind"
Build it. Then forced to "claim asylum" at Port of Entry. Children separation problem solved.
I understand what you meen wityh that people should immigrate legally and I agree, but there isnt much legal immigartion in the first place with only 500.000 a year, a which equals a sixth of one precent. Plus America is a country of immigrants and I bet that almost everyone or all of your ancestors were once immigrant coming to this country in hopes of getting a better life for thier family.
Did anyone els get an ad that was one of Crowders videos
this is one. massive. facepalm.
13min ?
I commend you Steven, for maintaining composure when that Spanish guy came in with his ideas without laughing or doing any form of double takes. Free thinking is great and Im glad hes proposing ideas instead of just whining, but good lord the incoherent babbling had ME gasping for air. Better be careful posting these guys, because vox may accuse you of planting him there to make them look bad!
I know it would defeat the whole "man on the street" vibe, but Jeebus, maybe some screening. This guy thinks that technology will make borders history in 5-10 years. You know, the sci-fi future. 
can't really have a productive conversation with people who think like that.
If this idiot became governor of New Mexico he would be so funny because hes a real idiot and a dumbass he has no idea what the fuck hes talking about all he does is Talk out of his ass and has no clue about anything
I got it! Every country around the world will embed a chip into everyones neck that tells everything about them. So when they go to another country, the new country will know where they came from and maybe even what they've done there. And if they have done something seriously illegal, the chip has an explosive device so we can blow their friggin' head off! LOL
Tax the shit out of em however unfortunately they work off the books and we can't but if they get caught tax the shit out em
the wall is a dumb idea for 2 reasons. 1 - about 40% illegal immigrants come to the usa by plane. 2 -  the usa already has a insane amount of debt. The wall would raise taxes and cost way to much money for it to be worth it. for my first point if you have never heard of that before let me explain what happens. a huge percent of illegal immigrants get a tourist visa or any visa that allows them to enter legally. When it expires they just stay in the country. The numbers are alittle sketchy but its somewhere between 40 and 50 percent. could be even higher but 40 - 50 is the best and safest bet. it makes no sense to make the American people pay for a wall that wont stop illegal immigration. all it will do is force illegal immigrants to arrive on a visa and just let it expire. yes it will erase the issue of border jumping but wont stop illegal immigration in the slightest (ok probably a little but not a huge amount at all)
Fuck these brainless retards !! Build that motherfucking wall!!!'
Honestly X-ray Wall ?? What the fuck ?!? What about a laser wall whatever goes through gets cut  their fault for trying to enter illegally ...
The wall is a waste people can get over it and it would cost money that the U.S. currently lacks because we are very in debt.
If Americans
really want to slow down illegal immigration, all we have to do is have 100
million adults here each donate just once to the following fund. There will be
jobs in Mexico and far fewer people will need to try to come
here. It won't stop the drug dealers, but the good people
will be able to stay home with their friends and
family.

 https://donate.worldvision.org/gift-catalog/economic-empowerment
Did that guy just suggest implanting micro chips for real? Yeah.... no thank you. Thats way too Orwellian for me. I guess Im just old school, but not happening with me.
Dude gives NM such a bad rep!!! Gary Johnson 2.0, what's Allepo?  OMG...
What IS the proper scientifical name for an xray scanner-gate?    Any masterminds out there know?
there was only one of the most confused persons I have ever heard,      this is the only change my mind I've seen you do that was disappointing
Scientifical X-ray thing
Remittances, the earnings that Mexican workers in the U.S. send home, quietly replaced oil revenues as Mexicos number one source of foreign income last year.

And with the annual remittance only steadily increasing (Remittances to Mexico Hit Record $27 Billion in 2016)
the Mexican peso is only steadily, and rapidly, decreasing.
Causing more problems for even more Mexicans to 'escape' from, and causing the American economy to continue to suffer from inflation, more illegals, more unskilled or untaxed (under the table) labor demand, and with that demand has also came a higher minimum wage demand for the flooded/unskilled labor market.

In a 1790 House debate on naturalization, James Madison opined: It is no doubt very desirable that we should hold out as many inducements as possible for the worthy part of mankind to come and settle amongst us, and throw their fortunes into a common lot with ours. But why is this desirable?
No, not because diversity is our greatest value. No, not because Big Business needed cheap labor. And no, Madison asserted, Not merely to swell the catalogue of people. No, sir, it is to increase the wealth and strength of the community; and those who acquire the rights of citizenship, without adding to the strength or wealth of the community are not the people we are in want of.
An X-Ray border! What a genius! How did nobody else ever think of it?!     ...lul...
Im leaving this country. 
You know the america of the past was built on great people, intellectuals, scientists, leaders. 
One by one getting assassinated, unintellectuals just using guns. The Great america we used to know is gone. 
But the American Dream lives on... therefore America and the freedom can be here
That last stare from Steven was truly brilliant.
@StevenCrowder Were these really the best debates you could find for this topic? Really? I mean the task isn't easy but this seems pretty underwhelming compared to the other episodes.
the spanish guy is a fuckin moron .
borders will be a thing of the past in 5-10 years
The core issue is not about paying taxes; the core issue is about entitlements. I would agree with the young man in the white about no need for international borders IF there were no government handouts to be had -- which are begotten through confiscation by the government of its citizens' personal property. The income tax must be abolished and along with it government dole. But as long as Americans vote for Socialism, whether by electing the Communist Socialist Democrat Party or the less-Socialist-but-still-Socialist Republican Party, there will be income tax and redistribution of wealth, and with it waves of immigrants looking to the U.S. government for subsistence, and therefore a wall becomes a necessary expediency. In other words, I could argue against the wall if my first demand was met: Abolish the income tax.
Look at it this way, pigeons will flock to the man sitting in the park throwing popcorn. Take away the popcorn, and the pigeons will not flock to him. It's as simple as that.
i read the comments on second dude, i 100% agree omfg
"what percentage of illegal immigrants commit crimes?"

100% Steven.
Did Leroy just suggest that the US do to illegal immigrants, or was it all immigrants, what the Nazis did to the Jews to keep track of them but with modern tech?
HOW DUMB THEY ARE , EXRAY DOOR YOU HAVE TO GO THROUGH NOT CONNECTED TO A WALL
That kid is freaking lost. Good job government controlled public schools. You created a complete moron incapable of stringing together a complete thought.
10:19 I think The second person is proposing that we have a TSA for people who want to cross the boarder.
The wall's a waste of money. Won't stop illegal immigration. It'll also be an eyesore and will be contradictory to the American spirit.
This guy is an idiot. Let's put trackers on all illegals. Lol. No sense xray wall. Lmfao
If that guy wants to be the governor of New Mexico, he needs to change his thought process. He was kind of all over the place, and he needs to think about current technology that we have now. A straight up 'X-ray' wall would cost billions of dollars to build. Also, I agree that illegals should be taxed, but I disagree that we should open our borders, there's no way to accurately count ALL the immigrants coming in with no borders, or officials.
I do agree we need reform, but not sure if a wall is the best way to go, super expensive... As well as you build a 10 foot wall, all your gonna do is make a market for 11 foot ladders, or shovels
The wall is for scared little snowflakes. If illegal immigration is a problem go after the rich assholes that use their labor to save money.
Why are people so bumb. Also Fuck you is not a compelling argument and just makes you loose.
That Mexican lady is going to be killed for snitching. RIP poor lady
An X-ray boarder did he really say that.
Wall will not change anything if there is a will or a profit they will find away. Tunneling under it, flying over it or even boating around it shit probably just pay off some patrollers to just let them in. Just wasted money yes we need border control but to waste money on a wall is just stupid. Create more jobs and reinforce the border with man power. Or dedicate a satellite with thermal imaging to watch a broader area to spot tunnel exits. Either way illegal immigrants are going to find a way in. All we can do is just keep finding them and sending them back. There is no cure this is just a political ploy to say hey vote for me I can fix this, Oh sorry I tried but thanks for the term or terms as President or Congressmen or whatever.
No way this is real
x-ray scanners, chipping everyone with identification things that will cost billions of dollars to implement. But wait, how will the "x-ray" identify the unidentifiable?  They would first have to be caught and chipped in order for this "scan" to even begin to make any sense.  Leftism geesh
That face in the end though.. so real
Ive said too much. 
I lost brain cells Ill never recover 
"No Wall"...but 1984 is fine!

...Jesus Christ, the left will be the death of us all
KSshsk We've got a free thought coming. Stay alert. Over. KSHSK
https://youtu.be/UHDIm73FZN0?t=10m3s
Bless that First Lady...
a wall isnt the solution to illegal immigration. hasn't Trump seen bugs bunny cartoons? tunnels! catapults.hot air balloons. howabout the berlin wall... Trump is an 80s guy, he should know better.

scannable animal tags on their ears...  good one
I think a physical wall is expensive and maaaybe not entirely neccesary but I completely stand for stricter and better border control
Do SPACE FORCE! change my mind
"Scientifical."
NM Governor  What an idiot
RIP new 
I lost brain cells watching the guests on this one...
They say that illegals have the jobs that Americans won't do, well why don't those granted amnesty prior to now have those jobs filled already?
If you remove every emotional argument from these debates, the liberals are only left with the argument of, I DON'T LIKE TRUNP SO THE WALL IS BAD REEEEEE
"I don't know  like, like, like get em 2 dp this & that, like u know" Complete idiot
Santa Fe NM is the worst. I would know, I live there. It's just a bunch of brain dead liberal hippy zombies with their heads buried so far up their asses that they literally walk in front of and get flattened by the commuter train that goes through there on a regular basis.  It was so bad that they had to station city workers at the sidwalks of all of the train crossings to physically stop poeple from walking in front of the moving trains. One time I came out to the parking lot to find a guy talking on his cell phone, leaning up against my drivers side door. I stood there for 5 minutes staring at him and asking him to move, and he seriously didn't see me there. Nobody looks before they back up, so you have to be really careful of the drivers there. There's a car accident in front of my house at least once a week.  Hardly anynone talked to you there, Steven, because they don't know how to debate or have meanigful conversations. I'd say that maybe it's something in the water, but I seemed to have turned out just fine. So I don't know what it is.
Some sort of electronic id tag.. fancy
No to the Wall! It will be used against us Americans and for the drugs it is the USA government who is bring this stuff in, not illegal immigrants. Dont believe the government its built on lies, it is not for you its against you.
Build the wall.. If it does more bad than good.  Take it down.  The idea is to halt illegal immigration and control illegal substance into america.  If people are flooding into another country from violence or famine or pestilence try fixing the problem, dont take the problem to another country you havent acheived anything but share your burden. Mexico needs to stop worshipping santa muerte the goddess of death.  Get with God.
Why peeps so stupid, why they still live, why natural selection failing?????
I had that exact same look on my face as soon as he said "no boarders, an xray"
2 million subscribers! Congratulations you guys. So happy louder with Crowder is doing well despite everything against them. Keep it up, and thank you guys for doing what you do. God bless. ^_^
Does the wall between Mexico and Guatamala make her cry?
That guy doesn't represent New Mexico. Don't judge us
Applaude you for dealing with leroys total incompetence politely
Now, even Crowder is calling them "...undocumented immigrants..."
What is that thing the second guy has with him?
4:09 
-HEY LEROY!!!
-WHAT?
-YOUR MAMA, SHES CALLING YOU MAN
Wouldn't the wall give us a HUGE debt?
There is a wall in S Mexico to keep out the Guatemalans. So why is America building a wall such a big deal? They are doing a double standard.
"Scientifical"
9:50, Did this guy really suggest tag and release with electronic chips to be able to locate them?  Green Peace threw a fit when people started doing that to track whale migration patterns :))
Uninteresting
13:17 Steven's face.....epic!
Crowder's face at the end was me the whole time the second guy was talking.
The luciferian New World Order pieces of shit are loving idiot #2...
Wow, screaming and acting like a child isn't a good way to change someone's mind. How interesting.
Her face is still somewhat visible on her nametag... You guys need to blur her out more
Pretty sure the first criteria for citizenship should be entering the country legally.....
Suggestion, you should have this change my mind at a border town, I think it would be interesting maybe you'll get approached by off duty customs or border patrol agents that can give their opinion and stuff as well as the people in the community that will be affected by the construction of the wall.
Make them residents without voting rights and watch support shrink because importing socialist votes is all that matters.
X-ray border.......smh lol
all ready to build wall.just waiting for mexico to pay for it.ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha .keep waiting cretins.
I have yet to hear one valid argument against the wall.  
Do these people get mad at neighbors for having a fence?
ummm...so low-jack everyone with some type of computer chip and expose people to frequent doses of x-rays?  This sounds like a great idea! sarcasm
That dude was stupid.
The second guy I thought was going to  talk about x ray cat and the baboon eyes dripping sauce and the beavers. beaver was yelling at other beaver. 

I hope you get the reference lol.
10:00 typical left proposing an end result without a process.
That poor guy actually has a worse answer. xray, id, etc... lol
The Mexicans should stand up to their own government and so should their fellow illegals in the US. I would be embarrassed.
Your face at the end 
This has a lot of potential, just need to get some less ignorant people
I honestly love that first lady, she had her opinion, discussed it peacefully and respectfully and even asked how she can change some things, I have so much respect for her
BLUR HER ID BADGE!
that guy... nonsensical rambling moron.
The 2nd guy is an open borders EU advocate! Look at Europe dumbass.....thats working out soooooo well!
So an X-Ray border wall?
Build a wall WTF???
At first I thought to myself that dude smokes a lot of weed. As he kept talking I said nope he definitely smokes a lot of crystal meth dude has no idea what he's talking about... but I give him props he went out there and he gave his opinion instead of shouting profanity like people around were....
I'm not trying to make Central, south and north America  people look bad but, you could make the wall and we would still jump over it, go under it, bring it down but the real solution would be make Mexico follow the rules, cause have you seen the south border of Mexico? People just walk like that... So the wall is stupid but the US making Mexico obey would be more practical... IMO
Razorfist has a excellent video about this subject.
This guy very well might be the governor of New Mexico in a few years.
@10:17 that moment in the argument he realizes he supports a wall.
Rather than a full on wall I think it'd be more cost effective to set up a series of watch towers with cameras along the border. The drawback would be the number of personnel needed to observe and react quickly to any illegal crossings as well as infrastructure maintenance.
a few mastermind individuals to help him and tell him what to think they call those democrats and libtards !  and side note ffs I hope to god that guy never makes it close to office in new mexico..
Man like where are the masterminds that will come up with how to like chip micro people and stuff like that... sir?
you really cant fix stupid! "scientifical"
An anus is an exit hole not an entry one... change my mind
I think that second guy has a legitimate mental disorder and should be screened.
The Spanish dude is special. Bless his heart.
Love the "change my mind" series! the meme was really good
That lady was so unintelligent.  I always hate having to talk to people like that.  It's boring and you have to make stupid chit chat. She probably works for the government or the state.
We could have a force field border with special Id tags to get through!!  Jesus.
This guy is a total idiot!! He wants to be governor?
I love how the first woman didnt like the wall its self but needed help to find a way to get rid of illegals 
I think shes a though/smart chick since she asked Crowder for help 
I understand a lot of people dont like the idea (idiots lol) but even if they dont like it, there are people like her that want to fix illegals
Holy shit. Second guy is amazing
BUILD THAT XRAY! :O
Im genuinely scared for America now !!
"I've been thinking about being the governor of New mexico"

Better laminate that desk. Don't want the drool peeling the finish off.
Like they're begging for him to take the position but he's got big things going on 
Lmfao theres no difference between a electrical border or a wall asshole
I never knew they had male valley girls from Mexico.
What the last guy wanted was a lot more scary than a wall.
Sharks with freaking x-ray beams
Person #1 makes no sense. 
Person #2 So robbing banks should be OK so long as you pay taxes on the money you steal ?
The guy in the white t-shirt was a lunatic lol.
We got some real dumbass people out there.. damn.
This was pretty weak. Too bad about the dry spell on the sit downs.  Maybe get Adam Kokesh on your show to share his side on this issue.  Love your show Crowder!
The worst type of Mexicans are the ones who think they are Spanish and not Mexican. 
Ole buddy said he wants to be governor one day. He's got my vote es.
Is this seriously what the left has become, a bunch of babeling baffoons ? With no logical thought process?
the dude in the white shirt gave me cancer
That 2nd guy was deffo on meth
Second dude. I dont want a boarder but I want people to go through a gate. Not a boarder but a gate. Free flowing.


Everything he had suggested is whats already in place for immigration. Minus the chip
geezus that second dude is not a very bright individual
That second guys inflections made this video unbearable-uh. 
X ray

Hmmmmmm
The wall will just drain tax dollars from other programs that need them. Tunnels under the border already exist, drug runners use airplanes, boats, and subs. Want to discourage illegal immigration from Mexico? Stop the insane war on drugs, legalize, and watch the power and money slip out of the cartels' hands and some semblance of sanity and law return to Mexico.
I can safely say the Hispanic dude was the most ignorant man ive ever had the displeasure to listen to.
Not a big fan of these, people are just to stupid to actually talk. Its embarrassing
The 2nd guy was off his chops
Second kid is a dipshit.
5:14 i thought that was the jaws theme edited in there for some reason but then it was just a motorcycle lol
Did he just describe George Orwells 1984??
THE SAVAGE CROWDER RETURNS
Soooo kinda like a boarder lol... he disagrees with a boarder but wants a boarder.
Leroy gave me a pounding headache, and I blame you STEVEN!!! WTH!? 

I blame the topic honestly. There are simply not many valid arguments against building the wall outside of emotional. When presented with facts about the wall, from the cost to the United States for illegal immigrants, to crime statistics, etc. the person sitting across from you has no leg left to stand on and they know it. At the end of this conversation with friends their last gasp is usually, Yeah, well Trump is an asshole. To which I say  Okay, but what does that have to do with protecting our borders?... cue crickets ...
The wall is a waste of fucking money. I can understand people being for stricter immigration policy citing laws and regulations blah blah blah. That's a real argument, one I don't agree with, but it has it's understandable aspects. But the wall is a terrible idea.
I'm impressed the Spanish dude used a Dukes of Hazard Boss Hogg reference.
Dam that dude is coked tf out.
That dude had me laughing so hard. Lol
Violence WORKS back at Home and They'll do the SAME HERE......Scared people that LIVE iN FEAR are easier to Control...The Second guy is a FOOL  and a LIAR.......AS SOON AS THEY CROSS THE BORDER ILLEGALLY THEY HAVE COMMITED A CRIME and if You Can't acknowledge that then WE have nothing to talk about..NOTICE NONE OF THEM WANT AMERICANS TO FREELY TRAVEL TO THEIR COUNTRIES,Let US go into your Countries and WE'LL take Over your Countries ALL the WAY..........We'll go to your countries and WE'll VOTE in your elections and Collect WELFARE too...... And We'll Protest YOUR GOvernment For being Mean too......Boo hoo hoo bitches ,I'll see you all on the Battlefield when you Start the Civil War.....I'll be the one NOT taking any prisoners........NO QUARTER AND NO MERCY except sending you to the other Side without delay(I'm Not talking about the other side of the Border either).........
I think just like how people in jail have improvised against all odds, people will do the same with the wall. The wall or fence or anything there isnt the problem in my opinion. The whole system needs some change.  What I would do is just like the daca program, give them a temporary stay with probation, fingerprinting, photos everything to make sure they are straight as a nail. If it doesnt send them back or put them in prison. Have check ins where they have to prove they have a tax paying legal job and have no illegal activity. There just has to be a better way.
@10:10 Say, "you're sitting with one"
How are you wearing a long sleeve shirt in Austin, Texas in June? You mad man.
One word: TUNNELS
I used to be a major lefty and thought that conservatives were just racist for their views on immigration. Now I realize I was ill informed and naive. I try to wake up my liberal friends but it's so hard, they're blinded with cognitive dissonance
I just love how these people live in a dream world. And I'm sorry Stephen this was the worst change your mind I've ever seen my life.
Cocaine is a hell of a drug
That lady hahaha how do I deport them. Poor women
Building a Multi-Billion dollar wall is less effective than $145m worth or surveillance drones and infrared cameras. There did I change your mind?
It's funny how people who don't wanna control the border ,is all philosophy and those who do is because of experience
Holy crap, that second person is a total idiot.
hmm an x-ray wall? How many hundreds of miles?  And isn't that still a wall, just in a
different form and a few more billion to produce? lol
Whats funny is that I bet there would still be people who would vote for the second guy here in Santa Fe, lol. Just curious, where was this change my mind held?
Are you wearing boxers in public
Yay immigration change my mind!
Crowder, you're missing an opportunity. Why waste money on a medieval solution that didn't work even then? Take a moon shot! Assemble a team of scientists to create a new paradigm for a border.
 that guy! O M G! He basically wants to secure the border. Wow!
@Steven or anyone that follows the data. Please inform people here of the study that 3.5% of the population (illegal immigrants) commit 37% of homicides, 60-70% of drug related crime and 13% of violent crime.

This would demolish a lot of arguments where people falsely claim that illegal immigrants commit LESS crime.
Do God is real Change my mind.
Build the FUCKING wall...and build it HIGH!!!
Filthy X-ray people, playing raps and shooting all the jobs.
The solution to the illegal immigration problem = X-rays! What a chump!
@4:23 echo :)
The second dude is odd
So many retarded fuckers
Jesus fucking Christ!  Illegals pay about 20 billion in taxes yearly.  They fucking cost 135 billion yearly, you fucking moronic dunce!
Ya screw having a homogeneous culture where crime is relativity rare. Lets let in shitloads of unpredictable people who have proven to commit crime at higher rates and just microchip everyone instead. Great plan dumbass.
Build an invisible wall, people will complain why they can't pass and then you say "wtf you're saying, you can pass", fixes illegal immigration and people against the wall build.
Hi Steven

firstly, despite me disagreeing with most of what you say I really respect and like what you do, I must say the wall really wont have the impact you think it will. 42% of Mexican immigrants fly here on planes rather than crossing the border. The wall will also cost lots of money to build and maintain, that taxpayers will have to pay now and for years to come. the building of the wall will also increase the number of Mexicans settling in the united states because the current Mexicans who plan on working in the US for a while and then returning to Mexico are forced to stay in the US because they won't be able to return
i agree, fuck the wall. mine fields work better
2nd Participant, actual potential ethics violation.
The second guy was living in 2048.  He buggin lmao.
Guy in the white T shirt is oblivious how do we tax these folks when they are on public assistance will never pay taxes. If there are no jobs then there are no taxes
That dude must be high
Fuck a wall, I want an huge xray machine that reads DNA?
That guy is a moron, he'd make a great politician.
MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN.
That second guy in the white t shirt had no fucking clue and was just rambling shit.
BUILD THE WALL.
I saw a CRTV add with Crowder in the Crowder video lol!
"Everyone is now dumber"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LQCU36pkH7c
BUILD THE WALL.
MEXICANS FOR TRUMP.
No borders? Seriously? The people of whatever country wouldn't have any sense of control or security. How disrespectful would that be to the people who are legal immigrants? Who have go through so many obstacles to get legal citizenship, what a silly comment.
I'm not even 30 seconds i and i already disagree with you. You won't hear from me in the comments but you will read from me.
Why don't any of these illegal who are fleeing war torn counties stay and fight, we did it over 150 years ago and now we are free
7:08 hispanic guy says "anybody today now creates crimes"?!?! really? wtf is this guy on drugs?
You impress me that you can remain polite when talking to an idiot like xray border guy.
WTF was that second guy saying? lol
I don't have much hope for the future
MEXICANS FOR TRUMP.
Not a wall but a bunch of RFID (X-ray) checkpoints... Which one seems more intrusive?
X ray border. Wtf, does anyone realise how fuckin insane that is.  Anti wall... pro x ray border?
Okay that second dude was a complete Neanderthal, but honestly hearing how the first lady had to whisper her question at the end was kinda sad.
BUILD THE WALL.
BUILD THE WALL.
Age of consent is 12 in Mexico.  No Choe Moes In the USA
Building a wall is a stupid fucking idea. It won't stop illegal immigration and it'll cost US tax payers an insane amount of money.
0:08 Holy shit! Tread carefully, they target people like this lady for doing such a thing. I would not reveal her identity of at all possible.
Holy shit that second guy is next level fucking retarded
THAT dude is PART of the drug problem...not sure what exactly but he act'd PRETTY STRANGE and looked to me like he was on SOMETHING !!
The second guy wants Americans to hate legal/illegal immigrants by turning the whole country into a police checkpoint instead of having those checkpoints at the border.
Brilliant!
Build the wall with a gun line
Dumb liberals
I dont know the scientifical word 
Mastermind Individuals... sounds like some evil stuff right there!
America is already fucked spic is your second language lol.
Spaniards don't have Mexican accents, tho.
5:10 that motherfucker is lying his ass off. That accent of his is pure Chicano as in a Hispanic bornhere in the U.S. with family that is of Mexican decent. He literally was going to say that he was from Spain and changed his story at a split second. If his family has been here since "1500's" he would not be talking that way.
I havent laughed this hard in a minute thank you
Loving the short shorts man. Great video, keep it up
The Left never have a realistic answer
"Everything increases, just like technology"?  
No, that's crazy talk.
10:58  "scientifical"?  Looked it up, here's the meaning:  adjective, 
    Of, relating to, or based on science; of the nature of science.

I think it's considered an obsolete or archiac form of "scientific."

Who says "scientifical" any more? Where is this guy learning English, from a 16th century dictionary?
The proper scientifical 
thisguy is dumb & a report just csme out that that Millennials are less intelligent pacifically males.
 He doesn't want to enforce the Border but wants to give illegal immigrants citizenship & then wants them to follow the rules at the border & immigrant immigrated legally. Without realizing that's what he saying if they were immigrating legally we wouldn't have this problem
Yea because microchipped people (electronic codes or RFIDs) giving your very location to the gvt is much better than just making sure our borders are secure. Idk but they gvt already has too much knowledge about it's people as it is.
LA RAZA RACIST don't CARE about Our Laws........
That guy completely agreed with the border and he didnt know it. Liberal left at work... when they stop spewing the garbage cnn is feeding them and think for themselves... they dont even know it, but they agree with the right.
We are all now dumber for having to listen to that guy.
Your face at the end says it all
I wouldn't have been shocked if the second guy would have said, "We should put sharks with freaking laser beams on their freaking heads in the Rio Grande"
I would like to see you do "Change My Mind" on the theory of evolution....is it religion or science and what your view is.  I appreciate your niche' and hope everyone learns to think critically after watching your videos. Thx
This dude just made us (immigrants) look bad
A wall solves nothing.  GOP wants to cut social safety nets because we need to get our spending under control but then want to piss away 25 billion on something that solves 0 problems.  If you build it, you will still have undocumented immigrants coming to US.  It doesn't protect jobs or provide any security.

If you want to solve undocumented immigrants, then provide them an easy path to citizenship.  It takes years and a lot of resources to become a citizen to the US.  The people coming from Mexico have zero resources.  Zero.  So they are suppose to come here with no resources and participate in a process that requires resources.

As for security, you could spend yourself into the poor house trying to be secure.  Free societies must accept certain amount of risk.  I accept the risk we have now.  Pissing money on a wall won't lower my risk anymore than now because I feel my risk is almost 0.
omfg that spanish non mexican plant actually hosts a program/show and plans to be a politician?
Never argue with someone who says scientifical. They're definitely a scientificalist.
You need borders because local government is more responsive to the people. In a global free world who controls the mess of humanity? Some random city in Europe? China? How would they be able to understand the issues in Brazil? It doesnt work that way. I believe in the future countries will get smaller. Russia and China will be among the first.
I know it would be very unpopular but I wish we had a three strike rule. You get caught crossing the border 3 times, you get sent to work on the wall. You are taught English and educated on passing the test to become a US citizen & youre given a set amount of money at the end of your sentence to start a new life in the United States. I know people will see it as labor camps but it seems like a way to help everyone.
Ok, let's just use drone strikes then!
Hes to emotional
I agree with that guy who said that transportation technology will improve and allow people to commute from anywhere around the world and then at the end of the day go back to their home country. But I think that would strengthen national borders. You won't have illegal migration problems and attempts to change demographics.
that dude is strikingly stupid
Im against the wall because I know and understand the purpose to keep illegal immigrants from coming in there masses but the whole idea to put a legit wall would be way to expensive and Im not willing to pay from my tax dollars to support such a ridiculous cause I rather my money go to a family in need or a single mother  depending on her tax return just to keep going another year give me the choice I would think there had to be another cheaper way
Haha an x-ray border. No sane persons came to talk to you?
Who needs those pesky boarders? lmfao
Xray border would be way more expensive and less effective amd you can fogure that oit in 2 seconds with common semse
That guy ideas are so far off reality its like he lives in Lalaland
How do we tax people who are already being exploited for cheap labor below min wage?
the percentage of illegal immigrants that are breaking the law is 100%
Everyone please rise for your next New Mexico Governor.
Also, after reading the comments, remember that Spain colonized Mexico and California. So his people may of been from Spain originally.
Jared wants to build a wall...with a bunch of gloryholes in it.
1550s damn
Liberals are a subspecies.
Ladies, find you a man that looks at you like Steven looks at the camera after he nails one of these interviews.
I am against the wall because I believe it is a complete waste of money. It will not stop people from crossing illegally. What I would do is issue out work visas. Let them work in the US. If after 90 days of committing no crime they are given a residency card. After so many days of committing no crimes they will be given the opportunity to become a citizen.
That first guy watches to many movies lol
As a native New Mexican, I pray that man never becomes our governor
Steven laid out those statistics for the second guy. He looked like me in fucking algebra lmao
BUILD THE WALL
So That guy was basically wants to put pet micro chips and have a scanner broader without using the word boarder, huh ok yea sure
Do abortion is wrong-change my mind.
That face at the end says it all.
I happen to be an expert on A LOT of scientifical rays and I think that guy should not be governor of the Sanctuary city, New Mexico.
IQ MATTERS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  These two retards can't express a single coherent thought or logical sentence because they are genetically UNABLE.  We don't need to import more retarded people we have more than our fair share already!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The future governor of New Mexico, ladies and gentlemen.
wow i would have told leroy to just go omg you have patience lol good interview
U shouldve said all the illegal immigrants are breaking laws lol. The second person I dont think understood anything.
What study shows that illegal immigrants commit 35% of homicides
L.T. says to the the second guy. "Don't smoke crack".
Hungary put up a razor wire fence and it stopped most illegal immigration into the country.
I'm staying far away from New Mexico. Just in case.
It is unfortunate that this guy "hosts a show" that I hope no one watches. SMH
maybe do this one over again? with someone who has an actual argument?
I couldn't even watch that last guy.
Thanks Crowder. You just made everyone dumber by forcing us to listen to that mindless drivel coming out of that "future governors" mouth.  That was like watching a wounded animal fighting for it's life. I was screaming at the screen for you to put him out of his misery!
Im surprised because I expected this one to be pretty lame because I dont agree with the wall, but you were so incredibly understanding with that first lady and you hit it right on the nose with fake victims creating real victims. Bravo.
This guy is on another level. Xray scanner borders. Theyll zap you if you come in illegally
That first lady, you can tell she lives in fear due to illegals committing crime and she could be won over on the wall it's just they think it's going to be an easily breeched wall. If we put in technology to monitor the ground like they use with earthquakes and say infared above ground and stationed security over it it would work. I do like how she wanted a number and to know where to call and how to report those lawbreakers. I hope you guys helped her out by giving her a number. The guy who claimed his family was Spanish from Spain, uh yeah sure buddy that's a flat out lie. I'm betting he was an illegal, he had that same Mexican American accent and you can tell with the majority of his family and friends he's not speaking English.
i wish you had done this right outside the gunshop i work at. i actually have a coworker who believes that we should have open borders. while i do not agree with that stance since he doesn't get the fact that not only does that allow more drugs into the country but it allows terrorists, rapists, kidnappers who would sell children for money on the black market, illegal weapons dealings would go up and also the fact that some radical groups in the middle east would sorely take advantage of that in order to destroy/conquer us. we also would lose many of our freedoms and our rights that the constitution grants us US citizens since we most probably in this scenario would be more under the laws of the United Nations and that's no good. Let's not forget murderers on that list of people that would come across the border too.
Walther?  WHALTHER?  What's next....a fucking Mossberg?

What's wrong with a Sig, Ruger, or a goddamn Smith & Wesson (smiff n wessin for you colored folks)

American patriot my ass.
Please try this again man
I want my 13 minutes back...
X-ray border. Sounds pretty scary... BIG BROTHER IS WATCHING!!!!
We don't need to import more criminals, we have plenty of citizen criminals.
Why does 2nd guy think chipping people like animals is ok?! That's amazingly stupid. If the government starts chipping immigrants or illegals then how much longer before they do that to everyone. Sounds like the mark talked about in Revelations to me. Good grief.
alright times up let's do this LEEEEEEROOOOOOOOOYYYYYYY JEEEEENKINNNSSSSSS
13:18 Same
Steven, I like your show but I feel like these people are talking with emotions and not facts. I think that your show would be a lot better if maybe you set up around the areas that is being affected. Try talking about this subject to people who live near the boarder. I know this boarder affects everyone in the US but it could have a different impact to people who live next to the boarder then the ones who live in like Kansas. Also the two gender might have a different view if you talk to people who live in a LGBTQ community. Thanks!
I support x-ray boarders with Maido Bots that anally probe each incoming immigrant.
America is the greatest country in the world, Change my mind
I'm a legal immigrant and the second guy makes me want to deport myself.
All the people who did a drive-by or walk-by "F you." is the reason why I hate the left, naive idiots with a childish mentality.
Omg that guy doing his own show is delusional 
#44 on TRENDING? What kind of alternate reality have I stepped into where YouTube is allowing Crowder on trending???
after watching the video the person didnt convince me he knows any thing about immigration. Just take take take. boot him out too.
The second guy....lmao I cant. So oblivious
Database-uh
Past-uh
Wall-uh
Border-uh
Opiates-uh 
Sorry but if your family has been here since the 1550's, why do you sound like you just hopped the border?
Essentially the second guy wants to create second class citizens. He specifically says he wants to give them a electronic ID tag. So then they don't have the same privacy rights as Americans. Just an absurd argument.
I feel for New Mexico
This dude just delusional at best.   Hes just another guy who doesnt like the idea of a wall just because of the way it feels and he has no concept of national sovereignty or rights.
The wall is stupid and a waste of money. People would find away to get through it either going under or straight up just breaking it. We should focus more on getting rid of drug cartels by making drugs legal here in the  U.S and taking away theyre income and power.
The guy contradicts himself all the time.
i live in new mexico and have yet to meet someone of mexican heritage its always spanish which is so odd.   sorry this is in response to the first guy
Climate change isn't caused by human activity, change my mind
Don't build a wall, that would be too expensive. Build an xray boarder.
Over 4000 AMERICANS are KILLED every year from illegals. Enough BULLSHIT talk. Build the fucking WALL.
That was the dumbest "change my mind" I've watched. That guy was an idiot, the conversation was useless, no valid points made.
The second guy is so uneducated and clueless that it is painful.
He wants to be the governor...... 
Wow! Lmao!
1up for Xrayborders
wow  I think I got dumber watching this
Yes lets tag people and have no border. Not smart
Hahahaha!!! Oh man 
2nd dude came into this all passion and made an ass out of himself.
Hey second guy,

Drugs are bad, Mmmkay.
Drugs are bad
did you watch the same campaign video regarding trumps and mexicans that the rest of us did?!
It saddens me to see how rude people have become over politics. It used to be something you didn't discuss at the thanksgiving table because it was awkward, but now people are yelling and screaming in the streets...
The best way to stop illegal immigration is to conquer. You see what has happened when we stopped adding stars to the flag. The only thing that can stop socialism is the constitution. Since the 1900, they've been showing down expansion of that great document and changing it for the worse in most cases...
Well you dont see that every day people who are willing to have a calm political discussion about illegal immigration
do this one in Detroit im huge fan i think i could change your mind easily after showing you how much the wall would supposedly cost
There was a time in our country history that we must always remember to... It was an inspiration then, it still can now...

"Not like the brazen giant of Greek fame, 
With conquering  limbs astride from land to land;
Here at our sea-washed, sunset gates shall stand
A mighty woman with a torch, whose flame
Is the imprisoned lightning, and her name 
Mother of Exiles. From her beacon-hand
Glows world-wide welcome; her mild eyes command
The air-bridged harbor that twin cities frame.
"Keep, ancient lands, your storied pomp!" 
cries she
With silent lips. "Give me your tired, your 
poor,
Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free,
The wretched refuse of your teeming shore.
Send these, the homeless, tempest-tossed to me,
I lift my lamp beside the golden door!"" - New Colossus.
Oh no Leroy, what is you doing baby??
its crazy that people think that taxing people that they don't know exist and think that these people will all be law abiding citizens and they deserve to be there more than people who follow the legal processes.
The problem with the I.D system this guy is proposing is control . The type of control needed to establish the system would stamp on this nation's civil rights .
Crowder stop talking to these idiots. They dont represent the best counter arguments.
Holy shit, the guy proposing a horrible dystopian Big Brother solution where all citizens are tracked by "x-ray scans", but doesn't want to build a wall because borders are dumb.
After Crowder got schooled in the "Socialism is evil" debate they must screen people and if your IQ is over 100 your not allowed to sit down :D
She has an ID badge on get a good screen grab and find out who she is.
"We should have open borders because of some technology that doesn't exist. lol
I agree with a lot you have to say. But this topic I don't agree at all.
So this dude says that people that come to America illegally should get citizenship. Thats very smart.
CONGRATS ON TO 2 MILLION SUBS!!!!!
Did crowdeer say 40 percent of homicides are committed by illegals? He also cites 80 some odd percent of homicides being committed by blacks. Can somebody clarify.
So tag 'em...


(Face palm)
A wall will also keep you inside.
So the dude basically wants  control over immigrants and the border control to know who is entering and why but also wants it to look super cool and not like a wall.
I guess watching too many sci-fi movies does affect your grasp of reality.
Tax Mexicans in America?
Your not Mexican you family lived in Mexico since 1550? Right
Did he say electrical tag?
Revoke birthright citizenship retroactively, deport them all
Well...that second guy was rough. Not much else to say without being mean. Lol
No wall, 1 it way to expensive,  2, build a 100ft tower, 2 miles in from the border, have 1 every 2 miles crime eachother,  each tower gets 3 spotters and 3 snipers, 24hrs a day, if the an individual crosses illegally and makes it a mile in, and is spotted they get 1 warning shot at there feet, they should at that point turn and run, home, if they don't .50 cal round to the dome. The footprint of the wall is to much, it will destroy the lands of many farmers, and ecosystem of the entire border, a few hundred towers, on the other hand, a minimum foot print, especially to areas a wall would destroy a farm or an agricultural field. It takes maybe a week to build a 100ft tower, and maybe 3 trucks and some employees, a wall 100rds of trucks 1000snd of employee's and the construction site is tore up for years. Years compared  to a week. I'll take a week to construct, place snipers and spotters in towers, and have a secured border in a month, instead of 20 years from now.
No good reason were given for building the wall
That young man's suggestions sound super expensive
Their afraid of the WALL because they know it will work!
I dont want illegal immigrants in my country but i also dont want a border  jezuz christ...
I live in New Mexico, and I will make sure that I openly campaign against the guy who wants to run for office. He sounds like a politician, no ideas but lots of fire no way Leroy.
the wall would cost way to much the soldiers would cost to much and people can dig or swim to by pass the wall. i dont like illegal immigration but people are determined
The Spanish guy wants people to take the mark of the beast
I just cant wait to see when Americans get in to war and they get stuck on their country trying to jump in to Mexico
Wow. Thats the future Gov of New Mexico once he gets those masterminds together. Heard from the future "Wanna go to The US?" "Nah man, I cant. Too many xrays from past trips got me all cancer filled. Maybe next week."
Writing an essay is hardly free flowing hahaha
the last guy was sooooooooo stupid..... the ILEGALS wouldent regiter for its X-ray borther because they dont want to be in ANY registry not to be deported!! LOL
Go green global hahahaha
Just BUILD THE WALL !!!
Mexico no va a pagar putos
Holy crap this guy's a moron
Its nauseating how delusional the second person is. Lets just chip people. Read 1984 buddy, your ideas would put us in the fast lane towards the Orwellian nightmare society is already aimed at. I dont want to mischaracterize people who are against the wall, or border security more broadly, but poor arguments seem to be the norm not the exception. There isnt a logical reason not to want a secure border, you can still have easy and fluid movement of people without erasing our national boundaries. We already bring in more immigrants than any nation on earth, of any nation of all time. Why is it immoral to deny entry to an illegal immigrant but totally acceptable to ignore the lower classes that were born here, who disproportionately lose out on jobs and opportunity to illegal immigrants in the first place?
"so like an x-ray scientifical percentage or whatever...some masterminds have free thoughts and you know. I mean I see technology and electronic x-ray and so like yeah and borders won't exist and I want to be the governor of New Mexico."
Drugsuh
That dude is fucking stupid lol. Scientifical x ray border lmao
That look at the end says it all. LOL
Build the wall!
God that Mexicans an idiot, I think borders are a thing of the past 
Not against what the wall would do, but isn't it true that most illegal immigration happens through Mexicans flying into America on commercial chartered flights?
Damn steve, these people really didn't know what they were talking about. I now feel that we have an education problem in this country.
I definitely agree with you but if you wanted more civil conversations and more
Content in general, you could have worded it differently from Build The Wall. Something like Im against illegal immigration would have been more appropriate for a civil discussion.
That guy is far from being a governor.
X-ray wall. Wow.
That lady with the plant is retarded....
It's got to be hard to sit down with morons like this. So there won't be borders in 5 years, we have to rfid chip illegals, and this dope is going to become a governor. These libs have no way to base their arguments in reality. Lol come back when you can actually formulate an idea.
Nice video Steven!  fuck all those other people that were yelling shit at you.
i am fully Mexican, i live there and i will for the rest of my life, also i am a fan of yours and i was really interested in this topic and your point of view in this, but you really show me nothing, probably is becuse not many people sit with you and the ones who did didnt engage with you but i really would like to see another time this topic.
The second guy I remember him from info wars , he was spitting on camera crew, claiming he was a reporter, arguing with reporter !!
Western civilization is the best, change my mind
You guys do realize if the natives would  have built a wall there wouldnt be any whites in America or Canada or anywhere everyone would be brown
The second guy is a perfect example of why we need a wall. What the actual Fxxx. He is truely dangerous because he really believes in what he says.
The wall would be a financial fiasco, which probably won't even work. There has to be another way to stop illegal immigration.
So the dude wants to tag them like animals to track their migration patterns and somehow tax them......seems pretty woke aside from the fact that he wants to enact a system that would allow people to apply for being here legally and taxed......which already exist and is called applying for citizenship through a visa
I am against the wall, because Trump wants us to build it, when it doesn't really help us, I wouldn't mind as much if you were to pay for it, but why not use the money you'd use for the wall to pay more people to secure the borders? Of course you can see why I'm against the wall, read my name, I'm Mexican, I don't like the fact that there's a lot of people hating on us
Morons like that are incredibly annoying. Know nothing idiots with big mouths are among the worst kinds of people.

Plenty of dumbasses here commenting though too. Look, the wall isn't a racial thing. It just isn't. It is incredibly logical for every single country in the world that needs to manage it's population based on income, citizens etc etc to know who is coming, going and staying. Not hard to understand.

Meanwhile, the real problem and the real killer is the 2200 TONS of heroin, meth and pot that keeps flooding over the border from people who would not hesitate to decapitate your whole family.

Both sides of the political fence have been proposing border security for 35 years with their opposing side pointing their finger and calling them racists for it. It is the exact reason why nothing has been done.

And really, you want to argue that we just need more border patrol and a wall is some archaic idea? The biggest contributor to illegal drugs crossing unchecked and ripping apart many communities all over the country....is corrupt border patrol officials. Guys who are getting paid off and turning the other cheek. 

Concrete will do its job no matter how much money you try to give it.

Build that fucking wall today and lets take back some control instead of letting a loudmouthed minority lower everyone's comprehension levels with nonsense and talking points that dont even matter.
The second guy was pro wall but just not a "wall". Maybe long x-ray machines? Just don't call it x-ray "wall" or buildings line up across the border to check everyone? Best part was when he said he was gonna run for governor.
What drugs is that guy on
X R A Y B O R D E R S
New Mexico is screwed..
Thank God Donald Trump is President
Leroy's idea would cost about a trillion dollars. Not being sarcastic!
XRAY SCANNERS AND MICROCHIPS??? That's more dehumanizing then a wall...lol
This is a difficult subject.  So many components and potential problems.  Building a wall has its problems.  Will it work?    How much money will it cost to kick the bad ones out?  Path the legalization?  Just to name a few.  
      Here's an idea,  how about invade Mexico and make it the 51st state? Grant all Mexicans legal status (so now they are paying their fare share), forgive their foreign debt to us, and in so doing increase our borders all the way to the Panama Canal.  Build a wall there.  It will probably be cheaper.  
      I know this opens a whole slew of problems that are foreseen and unforeseen.  Plz if this is possible, how will it work and what would be some of the problems we would need to look out for.
This guy from NM is an idiot. His idea is what we already have, with some sort of magic x-ray boarder. Crowder's look after he was dismissed sums it up perfectly.
Friends. I have years of experience in X-Ray walls. Ive actually been considered to be head of X-Ray wall technology in the Space Force. Join me. We can do this!
Why would she even sit down when she is so paranoid some cartel guy see her ?
4:45 How in the fuck can you tax someone when the government doesn't know they are here and most major transactions and employment are under the table, hand to hand with cash?
X-ray ???? Checkpoint uuuummmmm what? Is that guy retarded
yeah electronic dog tags ...........i get it . Then if they cross over through the x-ray machine without a note or written permit it shocks them right ?
Why didn't you blur the whole image of that woman?  She might get in trouble from the very identifiable attributes.
I'm having trouble listening to the second guy. Too much Ya, Like, uhm, You Know, keeps changing the subject, and too much jibberish. 
I wouldn't watch his show...
The second guy....he doesnt want borders but wants security tags attached to people and check points to track where you are?? That thought process is a complete Police State.....what in the world lol
Did you just gave up on the second guy? the xray scanner stuff makes no sense unless the thing take the whole border illegal will just not go through it.
Got a corona commercial before this video thought that was funny.
I swear Crowder always seems to find the dumbest people on the planet to debate these.  If this is a sampling of humanity's future, Elon better get us to Mars 'cause I wanna get off this train wreck.
here I will save you a few minutes. He says "they should make it like so its like no borders, but there's like a border, and like with trump and like the xrays, and like, i do a lot of thinking and like it should be like a border or something, but like with like spain but like mexico and the people will be like doing something with some technology and like trump and the wall u know?'
Lady: *How do I report those people*
Steven: *Hmmmmm*
priceless look at the end haha
Wow, the sheer stupidity of these asshole, leftist nuts are truly disturbing.
How about this: government sucks at everything, including immigration, wall-building, and keeping us "safe".  Why have faith in big G for this issue?  Look at healthcare, social security, medicare, veteran's affairs, schools, etc.  Big G sucks at it all.  No wall please because it's just a waste of money, our money, and make legal immigration easier.  Oh, and make drugs legal - drug war has been a huge failure.  Legalization will undercut drug lords immediately.  I'm not in favor of drug use on a personal level, but again, big G isn't good at ANYTHING.
X R A Y - B O R D E R
"Just tax 'em" yeah like its that easy just tax em and its all good.
yeah done watching at 5:32 can't take any more lol
Crowder criticizes immigrants not paying taxes without a hint of irony....The president doesn't even pay taxes.
We could pay mosquitoes to inject the chips, too bad mosquitoes aren't more agreeable..
These people are 1/2 a step above those dummies who eat Tide Pods. And we are supposed to take them seriously?
Dude came in like "LEEEEERROOOYYYY TREEJOOOO"
This is hilarious, best one so far in terms of comedy. Also, can anyone tell me the conservative rebuttal for when a leftist brings up the argument that it costs tons of money?
The look steve gave at the end was a perfect summary of how i feel everytime i hear these people open their mouth and let words spew out.  So sad that a grown person is this irrational.  Lol. Illegals are going to grow microchips under their skin and by devine intervention be registered by some computer that will scan them and know who they are without ever setting foot in our country. Lol. Liberalism retards the brain to childlike standards.
Lol Stevens face at the end...pretty much sums it up.
He changed my mind. Screw the wall! I wanna X-ray wall!
"x-ray gate"... Not a border, but you know like a giant fucking airport TSA checkpoint... 
4:45 when it comes to migration we could tax those people he says LOL

So illiterate Farm Workers that can't find work in an Agricultural Society leave that country to come to a technologically advanced society and somehow we think that they're going to have great jobs that pay taxes?????

They are leaving Mexico because they can't find any work doing the only thing they know how to do.
I can advocate for the illegal immigrants causing trouble i have many family members here and some that have been deported that gave done serious crimes my grandfather murdered someone in the 90's and never got caught for it
People think the wall is racist like being illegal is racist
I think people confuse the subjects of closed borders vs secure borders.
I'm against building the wall. Not b/c I want people coming in illegally, but b/c it's a giant fucking waste of money that our country needs to use in other places.
I suddening have the urge to chase my tail after listening to that spaz
No difference building a wall up your ass to keep shit in as building a wall to keep shit out
it seems that everyone actually wants the same thing. The left wants what the right can provide, but the left is so emotional that they can't think straight enough to act as a functional human being. The left can say how they want all these things, but they do nothing to get them. They are all talk. Its so mind blowing.
This is horrible most of those people don't know what they're talking about
Damn that bitch a snitch
This needs a 2nd edition, that dude was real dumb.
Did that dude just say his family has been in New Mexico since the 1550's?
"statistically..."
That look on Steven's face at the end made my day
Second guy was a mess, but that poor woman.  Contrary to popular belief, its actually pretty hard to get someone deported.  My cousin unknowingly married an illegal immigrant from Brazil.  He had lied to her about everything including his status.  For some reason this didnt bother her, but the rest of the family was pretty upset.  My uncle hired a private investigator (behind my cousins back, we were afraid shed do something crazy like run off with the guy) to find out more about him & HE WAS WANTED FOR ATTEMPTED MURDER IN BRAZIL.  Of course we contacted ICE, but it took an entire year to get them to pick him up & send his ass home.  We were shocked by how slowly everything moved.  We had his name, address, daily schedule (shocker - he didnt work), & it still took so long.  I cant imagine other cases where the people are a bit more slippery....
So he wants a tag that can tell the government everywhere you go...  o_O  And where would this tag or mark be located? Maybe on the right hand or the forehead?  Oh and maybe, no one can buy or sell unless he has the mark?  How could that not end well?  o_O  XP
I love your shirt! You do great work! Thank you Steven!
That look at the end...Steven you deft bastard!
that look at the end speaks volumes LOL
X-ray borders tho. Or drones with netting???
I so badly want to find one of these and debate with Crowder because hes just so cool
"We shouldn't build a wall"
"What should we do with illegal immigrants?"
"Tax them, make them take the test, fill out the papers, and become a citizen."

What you're saying is... they should become legal citizens? Cool. We're on the same page.
I'd like to see another episode of this same topic hopefully you can get more people to sit down next time!
Leroy dumb as shiiiiiittttttt
Wish I could have been there to have a discussion. That would have been fun and I would have done much, much better than the people that sat down.
Why dont you post the secularism is evil: change my mind? Almost as if you only want to be portrayed right and all knowing ...
Haha. The same sex parenting commercial for sodastream is hilarious.
$99??? I'll continue to be a cheap prick. I'd even do up to $10 a month on patreon or something but not $99 at one time.
That people hold the beliefs of the guy who sat down terrifies me
Wow the second guy is a moron....he can't even put a sentence together. He has no idea what hes even saying. Just regurgitating cliff notes from CNN and FB.
WOW! just WOW!
You do it right Steven. Love the show and all of the staff.
4:00 Ok chums let's do this.....



LEEEEEEROOOOOY JEEEENKIINS
You are the man . Making money off of pissing off the cry babys in the world. Why couldnt i think of this first lol. Right on brother!
I see the majority of the oppositions argument seems to be "Fuck You".
honestly, that guy's idea made no sense. whatever he was thinking would cost so much money and I don't see anyway that wouldn't be a huge violation of privacy
We need an X-ray wall with computer chips and when you go someplace trumpets sound an alarm and there is a harlot that rides a beast and a temple, and some plagues, and
Only two people? Did you cut all the other people or was that all you got?
Leroy scares me
Before I'd give my opinion on this I would ask the someone actually define this wall. Are we talking about a physical concrete/brick/metal wall for the whole length of the border? Wouldn't that cost a shit ton of money?
They will have to try this one again.
I understand that mexican or people from mexico bring in drugs but that doesnt mean that people from other countries dont, if there is a wall against the mexico border than make one for Canada as well and and somehow be aware of the people coming overseas
Yeah an X-ray border would be so much cheaper than a wall. And it is totally cool to track everyone everywhere....New Mexico is hosed if this guy becomes leadership.
Now that that's done... fuck that guy... really? The Mayor?! PFFT! Good luck (Taken bad guy voice)
Holy cow!  Good luck NM.
He's wearing a Walther T-shirt, he's such a bell end
Holy shit people are stupid...what happen to natural selection. Let the dumb ones walk off the cliff
It's just turtles all the way down.
I think this dullard is thinking of RFI.... so... he's arguing that instead of a wall we can just chip the entire world and use RFI readers to track humans at all times..... gooooood solution..... sigh
that other guy was dumb af really he has a channel? is he on METH?
LOL I knew he was from New Mexico before he said it. The way he talks. The way he asks about the drugs, "Yah well who's SALLING the drugs?" 7:13
That guy neds to lay off the espresso bigtime
This dude talking about the mark of the beast
I find it hilarious that when these mindless sheep are questioned on how to fix a problem their fix is for someone else to figure it out.
You should have asked leeroy what his plan is when the immigrant doesnt bring his electronic tracking tag with them when they cross the border.
New World Order here we come!
So, tag the immigrants like migrant birds. Brilliant.
This kid is crazy. His thought make no sense. I want them to go througha checkpoint but not have border checkpoints. Thats pretty much what he was saying. Hahahaha god damn.
Wow people are stupid
This guy with the xray idea needs to write a graphic novel id read it 
Steven's face at the end about sums it up.
Whoever that guy with the backpack and GoPro was... SHUT THE FUCK UP!!! You have got to be the dumbest, most cringe mother fucker anyone has ever had to hold a conversation with about anything.... jesus christ. He was like that bug that played a human in Men In Black. Just fucking dumb as a sack of dicks, acting educated. I think there should be a screening process, because you need to be mentally and factually equipped before sitting down with Crowder.
That 2nd dude can't be serious.
Thank god I watch these with a beer in hand.
Shouldve morphed her voice and clothes as well cause shes gonna get shot
Let them in and Tax them??  Does this guy really not understand where the incomes they would be taxed on come from?

There is already a shortage of jobs for those competing to fill them, adding more people in no way increases the tax revenue.  In fact, illegals - unless they steal someone's identity - don't pay taxes, meaning they're filling a job that a US Citizen would have had, and payed taxes from.

And he seems to think they're coming in to look for work - when the I.C.E. contact summary 2007 - released to quiet our fears over them taking jobs - showed that Less Than 30% of Illegals they had any contact with : had previously held a job, were holding a job, or were seeking a job - within the US.

That means 70+% are content to live off of social programs and/or crime.
I think you talked to a crazy person
10 years from now that guy will be governer and will punish us all with his xray passcode death machine bwahahahahaa!
My grandma and my dad came here legally from Germany. My dad finished school and is now in his 60's and a retired U.S. Marine.
If you think a wall is actually going to work you don't know much about history, all he's going to do is waste money, I also don't agree that we should just deport everyone but that's just me.
that Spanish guy lost every follower
I love what you do and how you do it Steven Crowder.
Wall? We don't want a wall. We should have like, X-ray laser microchips things 'n shieeet.
So he doesn't support the wall, but wants everyone to be chipped? How do you make sure they all get chipped if they can just walk across the border without going through the check point?  Logic really doesn't cross their minds does it?
Ur mum gay. Change my mind.
I haven't seen any comments from the 982 down votes. Hmm...
Everything that last guy was talking about would be fixed by a wall.  You can't put up "scanner stations" all along the border, they would be at doorways; and to have a doorway you need a wall!
"AN X-RAY BORDER"
what the FUCK
Are you losing weight Steven?
I again want to say im not for a wall or paying for it but i would if Medicare/Medicaid and Social Security dont get touched
Build Hillary's Wall! Oh shit sorry, Physical Barrier... Build Hillary's Physical Barrier!
X-ray scanner?!

That guy is either a genious or stoned as faaark!

The 20 first correct answers donates 10$ each to lowdah witha dah crowdah
"An x-ray gate."  Not voting for this guy. He is an incoherent mess.
Before watching the video and hearing your points, my thoughts on the wall are that its a waste of money and will probably have minimal effects on illegal immigration and smuggling and so on. I think that there are probably better ways to protect the border while also dealing with illegal immigration and smuggling. Ending the war on drugs would probably be beneficial at least for the issue of smuggling. Reducing the welfare state would almost certainly decrease illegal immigration. While I am in support of borders and protecting said borders, I dont think a wall will be so helpful in todays time.
Leroy for Governor!
Like he thinks everyone is just going to stargate to Paris and U.S in 10 years

He is going to gather the think tank to make these policies and Steve job all the neccessary tech to make it reality
Build the wall
I may not be the smartest person in the world but I'm happy I'm not this stupid.
that spanish dude is dumb lol
Dude in white t shirt wants an electronic ID tag so the mark of the devil is his answer for illegal migration
Where would the "illegals" get the electronic information registered with the US for them to be checked in???????????????????
They haven't taken the time to think things through... Yes, let's get rid of all borders so people can roam the world like a bunch of nomads. All those suckers who own property and have to deal with random, unidentified people entering their neighborhoods and causing crimes are just behind the times. If you've held the same job for a long period of time, you are doing it wrong. Instead, you should be receiving basic income from the government so you aren't tied down to one area and hold no allegiance to any land. The government would be all too happy to pay a monthly pittance if it means they can acquire private property.
Hey Steven, I might be able to change your mind on building the wall, its a huge waste of money, it wont even cover the entire south border so illegal immigrants will just get through elsewhere, or they'll keep building tunnels like they have been, the wall is only going to make drugs and human trafficking an even more profitable business, it won't achieve what it's supposed to and you guys will be out all the money you spent on it.
omg a xray gate that reads your id and then another one in the city.......dude I do not want to live in a scociety where you are tracked everywhere you go, even if its pretty much possible now
"... uh you report them to ice" lol
The real reasons for being against the wall seem emotional though.

People dont know why they're against or how else they'll solve the problem.
For the lady it might be prudent to change her voice, dub over or voice manipulation, for her protection.
In the check point stations in can be separated by country of origin to assist is pinpoint where migrants are coming and why. This assist in humanitarian policies in those countries so we help with those issues to avoid those issues causing people to flee.
Borders are going to be a thing of the past buddy......... a border is essentially a law, borders are structures that live by societally. Im so sick of morons suggesting we should get rid of rules and laws. They are the bones, the structure of society. Try and remove your own personal bones see how well you function.
That stare into the camera! 
I had to watch an ad for sodastreampride twice during this video. Advertising gay families.
People are stupid man
Leroy is the epitome of New Mexico's public school system.  Current&former "teachers" of all the Leroys in America, take note and own your disgraceful selves.
wow, that guy is so incoherent it's sad. unfortunately, this is how dumbed down most people are nowadays
WTF is wrong with that guy?
What would happen if all borders  were dissolved  ?
New Mexicans are not Spanish, change my mind.
So basically that one guy wanted everyone to have ankle monitors.
He starts off by stating he is not Mexican. His Spanish ancestors immigrated to Mexico in the mid-16th century. If your ancestors have lived in Mexico for several hundred years, you should identify as a Mexican. He sounds racist himself. And how are they going to identify as Americans if they can't even identify with the culture they've been a part of for hundreds of years? But the biggest joke is he thinks the criminals and also the poor and illiterate are going to pay taxes.
Im hispanic. Colorado Pioneer. Pro gun! Don't build the wall. why?  Because we are Mexican MexiCAN! WE CAN DO ANYTHING AND EVERYTHING. WE WILL GET THREW THAT WALL SO FAST. ITS A WAIST OF MONEY
Unedited but only 14 minutes?
'there's no way you can stop it and it will just get worse' - really? How come the rest of the world has no problem enforcing their borders? because illegal migrants know they'll have their teeth kicked in for fucking with them. why not respond with asking why every other country is not required to be relaxed with migrants? why are they allowed to maintain near 100% racial purity and close down legal and illegal immigration? why have we watched our country decrease from near 90% european in the 70's to sub 60% with that number on a fast trajectory down. When the demographics put migrants in the majority position - ask them how they plan to treat whites? the group that crowder is not allowed to talk about have organized a stand-down of the border - and will  be in an even greater position of power as they giggle at the destruction of their long-time cultural enemy. Crowder can take a bow for playing a helping hand in their unchallenged victory.
For example id suggest more checkpoints every 100 miles and at hot spot crossing areas. The hot spots can be like and airport or DMV. This would create more jobs. Between the check points is where i compromise and have a wall and border patrol/law enforcement.
great stuff !!
I like how this guys thinks we're living in the minority report movie and we can moniter everyone with x-ray camera everywhere they go.
The Spanish gentleman proves Congress isn't doing their job and actually enforcing procedures that work. Congress just wants to play politics and false promises. They didn't complain about the previous administration was never complained about because the government was our 1% that tried to hold us down. Being dependant on a person or a thing is not freedom.
these people are so dumb i live next to these illegal immigrants my entire city is illegal immigrants these people dont wanna be "taxed" thats why they try to get here illegally i talk to so many of them and they say they would rather get a bunch of goverment help (have a f*** ton of babies) than do anything useful in the US they get all the help and do nothing to contribute to US im hispanic myself and i say build the damn wall and gets all these damn non-tax paying mexicans out of here. if only all you would see how much these people abuse US help. i was talking to one and i asked her when she was gonna get a job and she said "never if i want more help from the US ill just have another baby" thats her words
Building a wall across the border, isnt really going to change the fact that people still would like to get in to the United States because of the  freedom  and libertywe so called have. Building a wall isnt going to stop Immigrants or immigration; building a wall is just going to stir things up a notch, a its getting people to act accordingly. * not in a good way * instead of building walls trump should use that money, wealth for the people and schools and cities all around the nation that are in great poverty. What ever ethnicity you are, if youre not Native... youre an immigrant to this land your self... nobody had a wall up or had intentions of a wall being built when ancestors ran through America like  if it were theirs  yeah some might be criminals, yeah some are hard working, but what people fail to realize is that some are doing as they please, committing crimes, and forgetting why they came here. Only because already  u.s. Citizens  are showing to them that they dont even care about rules and regulations. So what would people do ? Follow the leaders  legal U.S. citizens .  Whites, Blacks, Asians, Latinos,Muslims, alll commit crime on a regular, and we arent getting the same treatment, at this point theres just somethings against them, Im a proud u.s. citizen but Im not proud on how this nation put things together.
Gays are gay. Change my mind
I can barely get through these videos because of all the cringe. Hey Mexicans, if your such good workers and good people, go back to Mexico! They need you more than we do!
Steven Crowder is sexy 


Change My Mind
The intro tho! Lmfao
That one  Spanish dude was HIGH! AND very brainwashed into believing that NWO is goin to bring a Borderless society. SO he hears his info from here and there / LOL. Now,  I feel for that first lady . U all needed to cover her voice and entire body more.
He was making an argument FOR the mark of the beast. The beast is already a physical super computer in the USA, it's not a prophecy anymore. Louderwithcrowder please address this. I'm not dying with a chip in me.
Incoherent nonsense from the left. Who would have thought.
Illegals get out Reeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
Huh, an x-ray border that tracks illegals by gps... I'm sure that'll go over well.
What the crap is that dude talking about? Its one thing to be thought a fool and the other to open your mouth and prove it!
There is a lot to unpack for this difficult topic. There isnt juat 1 thing that can be done to fix it. Im not a supporter of a wall but i can compromise
Are you serious? Homeboy is actually calling for 1984. Hope he never gets to leadership in New Mexico.

Guess we just need to start chipping people so we know where they are & what they are doing at all times. Soon; we will have such advanced chips that we will even know what you are thinking! That way we can work "together" to correct it!

What in the Holy Fuck!!!!???
Crowder's face at the end of the video basically described how I felt watching this. 
I'm against building another wall. We already have one and broader patrol. This wall will cost too much of our tax payers money and besides....most illegals travel here by plane for "vacation", and then don't leave when their visa expires. A wall cant stop that. Change my mind!
The wannabe mayor's arguments were so incredibly laughable and bad, although I thought his point about pharmaceutical companies was actually really good.
Fucking leftism.
A digital I.d. tag and database? For he realize the ramifications that would bring?

These people are begging for tyrany
Well I am definitely 100 percent an anarchist. When the illusion of authority is no longer believed a wall on an imaginary line will be on no one's mind. Stupid argument....
Low iq.
Jeez, I didnt know this segment was called "Cringe My Mind"
SERIOUSLY!? What a dumbass! Illegals don't want to become citizens because they would have to pay taxes and they would also be subject to our laws and they don't give a shit about any of that!
Steven Crowder: You're the bravest person in America!  God bless you!
It's nice to hear that the solution to illegal immigration isn't stronger borders, but instead stronger borders.
That first guy had me when he said "Scientifical"
scientifical? This guy is a moron. Period.
OMG, that 2nd guy is genius! What an amazing idea! Have everyone coming into the US enter a passcode and go through an x-ray! Why hasn't Trump thought of this?! It's just such an amazing, realistic, simple way that doesn't require a wall!
Build the X-ray WALL!
Gates are normally attached to a wall or fence of some sort. Good luck, governor.
Borders will be a thing of the past.... in about 5 to 10 years  
Gov of NM u cant even complete a full sentence moron
That guy who wants to tax illegals and make money off of them must have the worst podcast in existence because he is terrible at explaining whatever point it is that he is making. smh
An x-ray boarder. Yeah, lots of radiation sounds great! I'd totally vote for this guy for Mayor.
That Spanish guy ... was he on something?
Honestly as a fan of the show and a Mexican all I think a wall will do is create more problems, but that's my opinion I'll still keep watching your beautiful shows Steven with the intent of learning new things everyday. 
build it
Do you sell any decals?
Make them be citizens.... how? by pointing a gun at them??  They have the opportunity now to be citizens.
the first sit down was heartbreaking to hear
I love these segments!! Keep it up man!
I think the second guy watches a lot of movies and told he is special a lot.
a wall didnt WORK for China in the long  run, didnt WORK for Germany, will probably not WORK for Israel or USA.
"I'm thinking about becoming the governor of New Mexico" 

Oh dear God....
This was more cringeworthy than anything. These were some low IQ people. Wow.
This spanish guy really piss me off, what if i want to go to USA? I have to pay for visa, get background check and then i can get to USA meanwhile this fuckers from the south cross the border illegally and 50% of americans think it's ok.
Everyone agrees that there should be a path to citizenship. Taxing people, getting them in, etc. That's all LEGAL CITIZENSHIP. They need to change the path. Build the wall, make a checkpoint, make the path to citizenship cheaper and easier, and allowing for vetting process that doesn't allow anyone with a VIOLENT criminal history.
Crowder, why didn't you call out this guy's bad idea by pointing out, "how are you going to get people to go through a check point to be scanned in if they can easily cross the border miles away from any check point?" Missed opportunity!
That dude is a FUCKING moron! ive never heard anything that stupid
THAT GUY wants to be governor of New Mexico?  Hes been thinking about the issues A LOT FOR 3 Years?!!  And he still doesnt know SHIT?!!
That guy was giving me anxiety with how fast and loud he was talking 
Dear god people are stupid
The guy is proposing we microchip mexicans. Mark of the beast
Your Patience is absolutely amazing when you do these segments....
O...M...G
8:54
So does this guy think were going to have teleportation soon or something? 
That second guy wants to electronic tag illegals just like you electronic tag an animal. He wants illegals to be treated like animals. I can see that going over like a lead balloon. Lol
Omg, this one was painful to watch. Uneducated people trying to sort out problems they have no idea about!
Why is it never brought up that there are border checkpoints to come in legally
Borders are going to become a thing of the past... too much pot for this guy
Mindless zombies.
Maybe there should be an IQ test for all immigrants. Lower than 115 will get you refuted.
He is being too kind with this moron!
Kid in white shirt is clueless. The retardation of America is complete.
The guy against the border wall admitted he was shooting from the hip and didn't know much about the topic. Yet, he was determined to keep his opinion. 

Maybe take a period of information gathering before getting entrenched in your opinion.
So many people are against illegal immigration and do t even know it because the press conflates legal and illegal immigration to the point that most people literally dont know the difference. They just know trump wants a wall and their told that they shouldnt because they voted Hillary.
They send their money to mexico u idiot Spaniard
That kid sounded like a little hitler.. lets just track everyone.. everywhere they go and what they do.. Holy.. S/.T..
I was very surprised that the people that liberals and the left say should be attacking you were peaceful, but the liberal leftists themselves who say they are peaceful, were attacking you
The cringe..I cant believe how dumb this guy is and he plans to be governor lol.
No one cares if ur mad BUILD THE WALL these ppl mexicans are so racist an cant see past THEIR OWN NOSE dumb ppl dude we dont care get em all out EVERY SINGLE ILLEGAL GET THEM OUT CLOSE THE BORDER COMPLETELY
That last guy was about as intelligible as a miss America pageant contestant
I got a better idea. Let's just build two sphinx statues that shoots laser beams from their eyes and vaporizes anybody who have no intentions of wanting to come over legally. It worked in 'The Neverending Story' so BOOM! Fucking genius!
He wants the machine used in "Total Recall" to scan people walking through it.
Wow people are stupid.
That kid was on Crack.
We dont need a wall, just a checkpoint xray gate where they can check who comes in and out? So you mean a border and a passport?
So basically, tag people like animals???
Idiot.
Republicans need to start a campaign educating their stance. People keep associating legal immigrants with the republican policy of keeping illegals out.
X-ray scanner
The sovereignty of nations means nothing to these people. They want a one world multicultural nation. At this point, I want Canada to build a wall. Your illegals are coming into my country at ten times the rate they used to.
guys, you have to protect the identity of the first speaker better. ID Card, voice jewellery, this person could face some repercussion from the criminal elements in that community.
X-ray border... that sounds brilliant
Before Russia tore down the wall in Germany, the US military used to have bases along the Mexican border to keep out Russian spies during the Cold War. I still think that while they build the wall, they should put up military training sites, an arrest people if they trespass on these training sites with live ammunition. It wouldnt be an arrest for crossing the borders, you would be arrested for trespassing on military training bases. Then no one can claim that they are being arrested for crossing the border because they would be arrested for trespassing on military bases training with live ammunition, and the military police could arrest you which would increase border security.
god I hate your youtube channel so much. stop showing up on my feed.
I like what Crowder does here, as a Liberal, it's nice to have an articulate, educated presentation of the other side of the argument to think on. Having said that, this comment section is just a massive republican circle jerk.
The x-ray border guy is ready to run for the DMC, he has good chances beating Maxine Walters
Oh my god hahaha that guy didn't have a clue what he was talking about and has watched one too many sci-fi movies.
just a group of told how to thinkers
100% of undocumented immigrants have committed a crime.
Only 13mins long why dude thats dumb waist of time
Why not fix the corruption in mexico, then they won't need to come here, but we still need the wall
You cant have an X-ray door/gate/etc. without a wall,  dummy.
My great grandfather came illegally but he became a citizen
YOU CANT TAX WHO YOU DONT KNOW IS HERE!
This man is trying to sound smart by coming up with a movie idea
That Spanish dude is a fucking idiot.
Lefty: Wall bad
Steve: Why?
Lefty: ... um, never got this far
Climate change next
Okay Steven. I've watched a couple of your videos.  Your courage to have controversial topics in public is amazing. New Topic for "change my mind":

 Anarchy is good, Change my mind.
While the border should be secured, why have you never looked at the deeper root of the issue? Mexico is a corrupt failing state that we only use as a timeshare investment in cancun. Why not work with Mexico as a neighbor and get the cartel out of the pockets of the government and create a better nation that doesn't incite its people to flee to America. We need to stop being small minded about these issues. Just "building a wall" is a waste.
Yo Steven make news channel
Lady, any legal citizen can return to the US from any country, that's why you have ID and a Passport
We can't micro-chip people! We arn't cats
Why does crowder always change his words to confuse a person its super annoying. He gets him to agree to there beinga certain amount of people that dont pay taxes and then he tells the guy he agreed to it being a lot or a majority come on man you gotta do better 9:15
more change my mind gun control. THose are always fun
my only question is how do we finance the wall (if that's the path we're actually going to go down).

I think that money could better be spent on actual immigration reform - making the system for legal immigration more effective.  A wall is a symbol - but it's about as effective as a fence.

If we have enough money to build the wall - we could probably investigate spending that more appropriately.
That dude is trying to make Total Recall real
Yes. Tag all of the people coming across the border. I see no humanitarian concerns here at all. It's like the people he talks to haven't thought about the actual issue at all.
. Dude said "X-ray scanner". WTF!! These people are fools. Why are these clowns allowed to vote. These are the ones destroying America.
Sooo and x-ray border?  Yeah...   



Bahahahahahahahahahahaha!
When your parents are your primary source of income, you just cant take part in adult issues. Im sorry, youre misinformed and unprepared for life. Take a seat somewhere else. Your level of intellect is far too low to voice your opinion.
Austin is fuckin' weird!
Part II: 'Deport 'Em All | Change My Mind'
The only reason the majority of antiwallers don't want a wall is it sounds mean. They never think of the ramifications of their supposed charity.  An xray border? Does this guy have any idea of how expensive that would be, or how impractical it is? A wall is a way to funnel people to a controlled point. It's neutral.
Hahaha how was that for a cold open!!! 
we need a large x-ray scanner?! guess if it's a true x-ray scanner you can see smuggled goods :)
The "Jim" look (from the office) at the end is AMAZING!!!! Lol
5 : 19 the motorcycle sounds like scary music in the background ahaah
Lmao at the stats from 6:30-7:00. Total bullshit that illegal immigrants commit over 30% of Americas murders and contribute to 70-80% of drug trafficking arrests.
These people are extremely annoying. Because most can'tput together their ideas and explain their ideas with clarity.
Poor Steven, you got the "B" team on this one hahaha
Damn I wish I was there too argue with you Im sure I could have come up with some good points not about illegal immigration but how isolation has usually led to a Great Depression or war in the past
Wait wait... I have an idea. It's gonna blow your mind.... X-RAY Border..
The Latin guy is out of his mind.
I thought most illegal immigrants came through with visas and just stayed illegally? If that is true, then the wall is not worth building. I believe other areas of immigration reform need improvement.
An X-ray scanner I like that LOL..
I cant stand when people say that illegal immigrants have "rights" here in the country. They bring up the constitution, they fail to comprehend that the constitution applies to citizens of the United States. Illegal immigrants are not US citizens so therefore have no right in our country.
These people are just generally dumb and unable to form a proper argument.
What if we fine the enabling citizens / companies hiring illegal immigrants? Like $50k per instance?
I know Americans are dumb but I didn't know they were that dumb lol. Its quite concerning that a powerful nation like America is run by idiots who don't know fuck all about anything
X RAY BORDER, SPACE FORCE AND DONALD TRUMP AS PRESIDENT! AM I IN A TV SHOW!?
I don't know how you sit there with a straight face and listen to these people with out laughing hysterically. Some of the stuff they say is so ridiculous. Anyways, keep up the good work..
Do "the earth is round, change my mind"
Nobody sat down, because nobody could think of a reason why it shouldn't be built.
There's zero downsides to building a wall, unless of course you're ok with illegal votes..
The only reason the Mexican lady doesnt want the wall is most likely for illegal reasons. Shes worried that other family members may never make it across if its built. If she is living here legally, and has family living happily in Mexico..then she can drive across the border (in between the walls) and see them. It wont effect her one bit. Its not an inconvenience either. I would understand if the wall had special technology that scanned your brain, took naked x ray pics, scanned your fingerprints and sent you spam email forever..then Id be against it too. But its a piece of cement that you drive around. Lets build the wall already or come up with something better. Doesnt have to be a wall but lets get some better ideas then.
Honestly these two people couldnt make a valid argue ment. I shouldve been on here
Your facial expression @13:15 LOL.
taxing them would force them into poverty and will cause them to do whatever they can to make the money i.e. drug trafficking
We need an X-ray scanner... What if we just have Superman scan the Border
It's sad you cant even have proper discourse without having your own secret service protecting you. How have we gotten so dumb? If you're unwilling to think then why bother having an opinion?
Worded very poorly 6:05 lol what Im not on either side but trump literally said Mexicans bring killers rapist and drugs ... fact check
i feel sorry for the woman. She is doing her best but doesn't understand how the wall will help..

The second person was a complete moron. Does he realize that tagging everyone is basically siding with the nwo agenda. Yea, we could rfid tag everyone like cattle but do you really want to open that can of worms?

We need a physical barrier that can deter or hopefully stop 98% of the illegal crossings to help lower crime/drug crossings. Going back to the woman that was first interviewed you can see how abused the innocent ones are and how they've been turned silent by the cartels.
That last guy.....pretty sure he thinks were going to have flying cars and some kind of star trek transporter in the next few years
The problem with open borders is that 7 billion people will all live in the USA, there will be no land to build homes or grow food and everyone starves to death.
My grandma is from England and my mom from the Philippines. Both legal.
Stephen, did you find the dumbest people you could.....I usually love these videos, but I feel like the 2 people here were never a worthy adversary.....get some real "master debaters" :-P
37% of the murders, lol.  Cant change minds that are irrational.
It's like I was listening to someone pitching a futuristic script to a director. X-ray borders, tracking devices, barcodes, body scanners, haha. If done right, it could be one of the best "scientifical" fiction movies of all time!
Omg lmaf your face @ the end 
Just build the wall and put them on the other side of it already.
@4:23 It's always going to be a good debate when you get someone with opinions that you disagree with vs. someone who you disagree with. 
I think you should have blurred the first woman entirely (body included, voice distorted.) it sounds like she could be in danger from criminals in her community if they see this. They might be able to recognize her based on voice and body shape. Im actually worried for her tbh. Hope nothing bad happens to her and she is able to report the people without harm.
the second guys go on so many different tangents i physically can watch it
That was painful
Because i dont hear of a 1 ton bail of pot floating south of the American boarder every 3 months
These people seem to think that having a boarder wall means that nobody comes through the boarder anymore. We are not walling off mexico so nobody can get in or out.
Wouldn't a borderwall be stupidly expensive
The second guy is a complete dumbass
The second guy basically said make them legal by going through the system but the problem is these people couldve done that but chose not too? i came here to the USA on a K-1 visa it took time and money but now im here and dont need to worry about ICE. these people broke the law and people are now defending them just to be agaist trump. people make me laugh
They better build 2 walls , just in case they make it over the first one...
That Guy is an illegal alien
I for one, will not be holding my breath, waiting for that email!

My lord, the Spanish gentleman certainly has a lot of ideas about topics about which he clearly is completely ignorant. 

I love how he says no borders and then goes on to describe a cyberpunk border.
I can't make sense of what any of these people say LOL
Yea mayn, I'm anti borders but let's have a border that'll X-Ray dem and tell the government who dat is.
Ive been to Spain, and that second guy my have SOME Spaniard in him, and Ive been to Mexico, and that dude is highly Mexican.
haha make them citizens. It costs $800 per person. Who should pay that I wonder?
LeRoy is amazing in his own way. Dude is hilarious. I genuinely think he wants to help solve the problem and he certainly has the enthusiasm to be a part of the solution. That being said, I dont think he understands the concept of law. He doesnt want people just crossing the boarder, but thinks they should go to a check in station with a note instead... I mean, thats basically what a legal boarder crossing is currently and your visa would be your note. He seems like he wants to create a place of rule and law that still allow for people to legally get here to better themselves and their lives. Unfortunately, the only way this works is with our current welfare system is with closed boarders. Defund the wellfare state and then open the boarders. The 2 are mutally exclusive. LeRoy needs to dive down the rabbit hole some more and learn about why people do what they do instead of just assuming it. You cant have it illegal to cross a boarder, unless you present a note, then its legal. That makes it defacto legal. Just write yourself a note...
Stop at the doctor to get your electro I.d tag and a note so you can cross the x-ray non border.
Just tax them

Buddy theyre illegal what makes you think theyre going to pay taxes
Did the second guy said he wants to be a Governor??? G. helps us all. He wants x-rays...ss numbers for everyone that enters..he agrees that everyone should be counted....Isn't that a virtual wall,??
That's a pretty shitty idea and kind of Orwellian when considering it's only effective application.
So an X-ray border? 

Hahahaha
The right: Lets make it harder for criminals and people who dont contribute helpfully to our society to enter. As Americans, we have the right to take any means necessary to keep our people safe. A wall is the best idea so far. 
The left: Dont build a wall. Why not? I dont know.
The look on Crowder's face at the end said it all......
Does the wall plan to have turrets aimed at airplanes? Most of illegal immigration comes by plane. Otherwise its a big waste of tax payer money... and don't say Mexico will pay for it... because they wont lol. The wall also will lock some illegal Mexicans in the USA based on the plans where it will be built. The wall was more of a way for Trump to get votes, build a wall sounds good, sounds like you are gonna protect the country with strong borders!... but when you break it down its a silly idea, just think logically for a few moments.
Ladder.
If you make it easy for people to come then you don't need a wall. People will take the easy route at a port of entry but because legal migration takes so long they cross the border of ilegally. 

Likewise the drug war is another issue that should be ended that only makes the immigration debate more ridiculous. The drug war is a failure and will undoubtedly be entwined with other ilegal activity. 

I'm not sure where Crowder got his stats on immigrant crimes but if they are from the SCAAP these numbers he used were cherry picked and don't accurately reflect crime. Of course still with the drug war crime will be inflated. 

Let's make it so anybody can come here, remove the lottery and quotas. People have the right to travel and open borders is the only morral system.
Second guy SOOOOO ignorant!
How much you want a bet those illegal immigrants  shes talking about are just American citizens that are brown lol
Smh...that second dude is so cringe
I one day plan on being the Governor of New Mexico lol has anyone told him hes gotta get elected to do that?
PLEASE DON'T LET HIM BECOME THE GOVERNOR OF ANY STATE!
Dam that second guy was a moron uhhhhh. Mastermind individuals lmao?? X-ray scanner??  keep them coming chief
Conclusion : Spanish drugs > everything else.
I started off as saying, wow this guys down to Earth, then as I continue watching I lose so much faith. Have you never heard of a ladder? Or a tunnel? Your opinions and debates get more stupid and stupid by the second.
I agree with Steven on a lot of stuff but build a wall is a little too far yes the people that come her illegally should be punished but the was of doing it is hard to catch everybody who does but a wall can bring us into being bankrupt if we spend billions on it
A scientifical xray wall... lol
It is so hard to listen to this one.
Taxation IS Slavery!!!
Wow that guy was an idiot
Can't fool me.  That second guy just wants an X-ray wall so he can see immigrant boobs under their clothes as they're crossing over.
Pogo!
The 2nd dude reminds me of kai the hatchet wielding hitchhiker
the proper scientifical ray yeah uh...
This nut sounds like he wants to serial number immigrants....................sounds similar to what the Germans did a while back huh.......
To summarize that last guy: Build an x-ray fence and tag every citizen south of the x-ray fence with an RFID and GPS trackers, then initiate intercontinental observation and tracking of every single person for the purposes of the US government. Can everyone draw enough parallels with nazi-time Jews in Germany and concentration camps or do I need to point them out?
That look at the end lol prepare New Mexico, that's your future governor.
LEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEROOOOOOY JEEEEEEENKIIIIIIINS!
Havent you seen family guy crowder? Its called drive by disagreeing
This is a free thought that I have been thinking about for 3 years because Governor but I would have to talk to a group of people scientifical.
On trending 
Steven's face at the end lmao 
First... please stop using the wall in Israel as an example. US borders are so much wider. Also, apples and oranges.

The cost it would require to construct such a massive project alone, not including upkeep, would put us further into debt and the impact it would have on illegal immigration would be nominal.

People fly over. Dig tunnels. Swim. You name it, they do it. I'd like people to go through the proper channels to become a citizen, anywhere, but we all know you can wish in one hand and shit in the other and you'll know which will fill first. All the same, I'd like to hear a better idea than an expensive wall that future generations will pay for.

How 'bout legalizing drugs. That'll cripple the cartels. I know big pharma will fight it, but, well, fuck them. Also, automate more low-paying jobs that illegals tend to take. Look at agriculture. It's done mostly by machines now. Plenty of ways to take incentives away instead of wasting tax payer dollars with short sighted ideas.
"I don't know the scientifical ray"  lmfao
I mean instead of building a wall spending 20 billion why not make jobs helping make the border stricter . I'm not for illegal immigrants coming in but why waste 20 billion , just make jobs for people of our country to keep them into their country . I like that taxes thing the second guy said .
How about everyone of them that lie on an I-9 brakes the law, lying in a Federal Document is a crime
build a scientifical xray border lol.
Omg, deport the mastermind individual
I don't get why, if you're educated, you can support the building of the wall. Yeah, illegal immigrants should not be let in. However, it is a HUGE cost of taxpayer money. Why don't you mention these unnecessary costs while we, in this day, are cutting down on education and funding this sort of thing? come on, man.
Europe cant even build a union and you are thinking borders will disappear in 5 years... are these people real?? are those youre voters? good god
X-Ray Gate Guy for President 2020!
Omg... People... I believe in a wall,  not Trump supporter but it helps both countries in many ways
Canada needs a southern border wall. Too many American parasites flooding in for the free handouts. They fly in from Africa then cross illegally into Quebec. 
You should do a story on it. Americans think they have a problem on their southern border. Take a look and see what's flooding into Canada from the American side.
Go vegan 
To people saying, "My Euro ancestors came here legally..." Reality UPDATE: It has always been easy for white people to come here. Always. I'm Greek. There are tons of Greeks here illegally. ICE never looks for them. They never get deported. This is America. Immigration is not an issue if you're white.
What an Idiot!  That is a answer you would expect from a pot smoking 6th grader. That's how stupid he sounded.
R.F.I.D chips for everyone! Support your local new world order.
"make them legal so we can tax them.." I heard call them one of us so we can steal from them.. but building a wall is the best option for insuring a base line for the safety of the American people.build the wall!!
An argument for the absence of border controls only works if one doesn't believe that the state should exist at all. Which, given the left's obsession with Fabian Socialism is something of an oxymoron. The Left are statists who do not believe that the state should have the right to exercise it's primary functions. 

This is a contradiction I still cannot wrap my mind aroundthe belief in open borders and and the cradle-to-grave welfare state. The doublethink is up to 11.
my brain..... omg my brain hurts
In my opinion I believe since Canada,America,Mexico are connected should be one huge country but since Mexico and South America is connected they should add that also to one country but there would be a problem with people moving freely across country if they did do that, to add to that if there is a wall or no wall drugs,crime, and people will find away and most drug movements are backed by the US government because it is a trillion dollar business
X-Ray? Let's pump people full of radiation, awesome...
We need to build an xray wall...
Good ideas for two year old.
Correct me if I'm wrong but doesn't the UNITED STATES CONSTITUTION say that everyone has the right to come here. It doesn't say anything about having to go through checkpoints or anything. So, border patrol, the wall or anything of that nature is unconstitutional. correct? dont get me wrong, I know and see the facts that these "illegal" immigrants are committing a good portion of the murders in America. and something needs to be done about it. but if your concern is for the families of the people that got murdered and for the people themselves and not a racist issue, then if we get rid of the immigrants, that knocks the murder %(according to was crowder was saying, I haven't seen it myself) down 37%. nice, good start. now if you wanna knock that down another approx. 51%, get rid of the blacks. despite being approx. 16% of the population, the commit approx. 51% of the violent crimes in America. ok done there. now do you want to save another 1,200-1,500 American lives every year? then deport or destroy the police department. but no one will care about these last two facts here because either a lot are black or everyone is taught cops are good and there to protect you. again don't get me wrong. I'm friends with some black people. really cool guys. I know not all blacks murder or commit crimes, and I know that not all cops are bad people. just the same as not all immigrants murder or anything like that. the only sure fire way to stop all this nonsense is for America to put God back in our government, and school and everywhere. and everyone take responsibility for yourselves and help and love your neighbor.study the law and constitution and know your rights. know that what the government teaches now is not right. we are not their slaves to pay for their debts. the government went bankrupt at least twice and have created birth certificates and ssn to control us and collect taxes to pay for their agendas and debts and wars. study the truth people and open your eyes before we lose 100% of our rights. with this next generation eat tide pods and crap like that, it'll be so easy for the government to take it all away. God Bless everyone.
I like to put these on at night to fall asleep. Just hearing the libtards that come up and give flawed arguments about this stuff puts me to sleep.
racism isn't real, change my mind.
Not sure if hell be a good governor.
I want some of what this guy brought across the border.
Borders will always be there,Free travel is a Libtard lie
Wha?
There's a CRTV COMMERCIAL BEFORE THE SHOW! This is awesome! 
Bruh X-Ray border sounds lit!
I'm super dumb but really hope you don't notice!
No one loves the sound of Leroy's voice as much as Leroy does.
Mr President don't wait on the dimwitted democrats just get our troops home and on the borders and turn the corp of engineers loose and let them build the wall!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I thought that guy with the backpack was going to be at least moderately intelligent.
This was a great idea for a topic but I wish u got more conversations
It sucks that no one with a brain sat down for this one. I'd been waiting for it.
Wow. Just... wow.
It says a lot when Crowder doesn't even have to say shit in the end for us to get exactly what he's thinking...
i wish Steven would have asked the 2nd guy, since he's for open borders if he thinks it'd be just fine if 10-20 million Americans decided to move to Mexico
Steven, have you ever read the comments section of strange animal videos on youtube? gowan should owe you money.
These were all really low iq people who werent capable of feilding your arguments.
Now that's your dumb, build the wall, are you effing serious? Most immigrants come on planes
By far that non-Spaniard spanish but 100% Aztec was the stupidest guest speaker on your show. Stupider that all those feminist, one billion gender bitches.
Well.... I guess we need an X-ray wall.....
Hispanic guy just did a gram of coke and probably had a back pack full lol.
wait....so dude would rather us exploit illegals by making money off of the,  then send them home and keep them out? Exploitation = Resentment
Donald trump- Mexicans dont send their best, theyre criminals, theyre rapists  Steven- Donald Trump doesnt think Mexicans are criminals
Some kind of x-ray border lol, this is my favorite Change My Mind.
Leroy needs to cut back on the coffee Jesus
Given that most of the problem with illegal immigration comes from visa overstays and asylum seekers who don't leave when their bogus claims are rejected I am not sure a wall is going to help.   The wall is just going to be a massive spending project with little benefit.
Het was thinking about it more then 3 yrs. Sure didn't get far with his ideas 
PLEASE do an episode about veganism
This video needs to be much longer---and with far more intelligent people, even if they are wrong. I wanted to claw my face off while watching this video.
I think you may need to attempt this one again maybe try a sit down in front of a state building and get someone that actually has some skin in the game with government  policies.
I'm not English but my family has been here for hundreds of years
Taxes only benefit the government and no one else ....
moreeee
Calling your audience cheap Pricks because they don't have the funds to get support you at the time is not a wise move.
Like, maybe like, we have a free flowing, X-ray border, like Id need to talk to my hombre and what we need is a chip, yeah a chip like, that monitors us all, like a constant monitor on us all, like, yeah like a huge eye on a tower. 




STUPID LEYROY
I cant tell if Leroy was just really really stupid, high, or actually wants a big brother like government watching everyones movement
Funny how people agree about controlling immigration. But they don't want to admit that we do need the wall to control it. You need to funnel and have a checkpoint to have control.
The second guy reminds me of that Eric Dyson fella. Or that kid who got owned by Dinesh D'Souza.
1st lady is a lier,She wants them all out to
Oh good we have the typical Mexican guy who claims he's not from Mexico, but is spanish descent, who has not idea what the hell he's talking about and thinks there will be no borders in five to ten eyars and there shouldn't be any. Yes, let's turn America into another third world country by letting every single scumbag criminal or drug dealer or human trafficker just walk across the border by the millions. He wants to tax people who probably won't be working or will be working under the table or he wants to tag them electronically (as he says he doesn't know the scientifical word for it, cocaine is a great drug isn't it zippy, lol). Crowder couldnt get one single white  American citizen brave enough to debate on this subject, why am I not surprised by that.
Leroy is retarded. 

Get em mar- get em mar- into the system. 

Does he believe marriage will save immigrants? Wtf
The second guy has no idea what hes talking about.
Legal Mexicans cause all the problems.  Illegal Mexicans are just cheap labor.
Come to URI when the year starts up!!
The second guy was an idiot, change my mind.
Theres literally no need to build a wall, there is already a fence going all over the border which ppl cant get over....
U wanna tighten up border control, TIGHTEN UP BORDER CONTROL
Physical wall? Pshh. X-ray wall obviously.
This after thinking about the topic for 3 years. Lmao
~"Technology is going to speed up illegal immigration and make barriers a thing of the past."

This guy watches too much Star Trek.
Transporters aren't real, bro.
I say we build a force feild, walls are a thing of the past
The second guy tries to speak so fast and has no idea what he is saying, he needs to think through his ideas, realize they make right there next to no sense, and come up with come good ideas.
So... he wants to tag border crossers, and release them into the wild like bears being tracked by the DNR? I'm thinking this is a horrible idea.
So he wants a digital wall instead of a physical wall?
I died at that zoom at the end.
Build the wall, Americans want it
Just say no to drugs! And get your mom to hand write you a note for the border  dear border patrol please allow Leroy to gross the border for some of Heisenbergs meth......
Not Gay Jared with a fanny pack in the back!
Its funny how scared people are to really have a conversation. Because they are afraid of facts. So they yell at you. Thats really immature
ummmmm................ 
1) Xrays proceed in a straight line and the border isn't straight
2) Xrays are cancerous over long exposures
3) It is more expensive to constantly keep pumping Xrays along the border than laying down concrete
4) A simple lead wall that is 6' by 4' would be enough to defeat this system
5) Mexicans wanted free stuff so they got Mexico if they could come and go as they please and be citizens there is nothing stopping them from making America Mexico.
6) Borders are great they made states that are prosperous like Arizona and Texas right next to shit holes like California and Mexico
Build the wall , offer fast tracked and 75% off the price of citizenship for 1 yr and increase ICE crackdowns at the same time.
That lady dropped a dime on everyone on her building.
Should need verification of education before you can vote.
I feel like that wall wouldn't help benefit at all so why build it? I'm really curious as to how it would stop the illegal aliens from entering. statistics most illegal immigrant come to the U.S. legally through a visa and simply overstay it, which is the reason for the huge amount of illegal aliens. So I don't see how a wall is gonna stop any of this. Intimation? maybe idk just really interested in this topic.  
p.s not trolling really just want to better understand this topic
Make illegal citizens legal.  What a concept. Also, sir?  "I'm not Mexican; I'm Spanish, but we've been living in Mexico since 1550"  How far are you going back?
He dont understand what he described is illegal, cause tracking everybody is called spying, so he want more surveillance
Borders are going to be a thing of the past in 5-10 years. Ive heard everything now hahahahah
Bruh, the Canadian government laws in immigration are 10 times more stricter than the US. we may not have a physical wall, but trust me we dont let a lot of people in.
Leroy is a perfect example of why I don't like Santa Fe, NM... too many of those people are not grounded in reality... (I'm in Albuquerque, NM)
"Im not mexican just my family has lived there for 500 years " lol
We don't need a border, but we need a border, like an invisible border...
So blacks commit 50% of the murders in the US (verifiable fact), and according to Crowder illegal immigrants commit 37% of the rest of the murders???? LOL
 Where does he gets his data? 
Since his socialist change my mind debate with the kid who he lost and bullied, he has lost a lot of credibility.
Ill stick with my man Ben Shapiro !
Is the second guy high? Talking about implanting shit into people so "the man" can locate whenever wherever they want haha
Wait...WHAT?!?
"build the wall with your ass..bitch" LOL
Lets tag em and they will all just quit sending all thier money out of the country , yea that will work. This guy watches way to much Black Mirror.
Yeah everyone does crimes ya know what kind of argument is that lol
the second guy was microwaved as a baby......
This dude is soooooo hard to listen to. The intellectual inconsistency and poor grammar/speech construction is like nails on a chalk board.
Ich bin ein Berliner!

Crowder, totalitarians with a deep trust in government love the idea of human corrals.
This is NOT United States. This is land of moors of North America.

You stupid idiots are nothing more then corporate fictions lol 

Build a wall ? Dumbfuk get a nationality first rather then corporate statues hahahahaha 

May jesus sword tongues eat you all hahahahahaha
100% against illegal immigration from anywhere.  100% against the wall.  Just because walls separate people, it might make it worse then it is.  Also, some of the money we would spend on it, could be spent elsewhere, like better equipment for border control, or more people.  You can climb over or  dig under or breach it.  There is also the water crossing, sure it's a small percentage now, but with a wall people will try other means.  A wall is a waste of money, and not very effective.  Fencing is better.  Is cheaper and easier to maintain.  All you need is a barrier to slow people down.  You can't stop them with a wall, you will need more people and better equipment.
While we live in 2018, that guy lives in 2048. X-ray borders...
That guy has no idea what he is talking about
Im Spanish, not Mexican. My family has been in Mexico since the 1500s ....wtf???  with that logic every human on earth is actually African
White countries ought to stay white!
The second guy is a fucking moron 
This radio show guy cant change my mind. Hes not very bright.
I say that things need to be taken to the next level. You can go ahead and build the wall, but it won't do any good unless you MILITARIZE the wall. I guarantee that if you militarize the border / wall, this will immediately curb, or even, stop illegal immigration in its tracks. Install sentry towers, plant mines, razor wire, etc.
Why call it " change my mind", when your mind is already made up?
The 2nd guy is really, really dumb. They don't have ANY documentation.
Leroy is  an idiot. Sorry.
This is a freethought so a need a few mastermind individuals for my xray border.
Wtf?
It seems to me even the citizens can't speak english.
Heads up Crowser. The first lady you had her face blurred but her ID badge was not. Great video but man that second guy.. imagine tagging people that came over... people would flip shit it is like Nazi Germany marking jews...
2nd guy was crazy but atleast he has some cool ideas, maybe he will one day become more sane and start a cool business, maybe
All I can say is, God. Help New Mexico lol. That guy was out there.
Lol!!! Im a cheap prick free loader.  Hm... that is a nice mug though...
Do you even xray bro?
I agree with most of your change my mind videos, but I dont believe in building a wall.  Most illegal immigrants dont literally hop over the wall.  I do believe in stricter immigrant reform, however, our efforts should be focused on preventing things like tunnel networks, higher border security, etc.
Don't build a wall, build an international catalog of every person ever and give them an e-tag so that when they walk through our massive X-ray gate spanning the entire border, they are tested by the us government asking why they are there and bam citizenship.
LEROY 2020!
I don't think the second guy knew what words were coming out. The first woman, that was sad
That X-Ray guy is one hell of a stupid mess! x)
wtf is go green global?
#1. Building the wall is a waste of money/resources.
#2. If we wanted to get rid of illegal immigrants all you had to do is go after employers, landlords and banks. 
#3. Sanctuary Cities are not stopping criminal illegals from being deported.
At some point the walls will also act as a prison.
2nd guy = The retard is strong in this one. OMFG this is what the youth has become in this country..Its actually funny how he is trying to show how smart he is while speaking like a true autist.
'Im not mexican, im spanish' HAH
The wall won't do anything, lets be honest. Walls can be climbed, dug under, destroyed, take boats around into California and then spread out like people have been doing. It's a waste of money and not the correct method of stopping illegal immigration, if they couldn't work here they'd stop coming. In China to get a hotel room you need a passport with a valid visa, you need to notify local police stations you are living in an area if you are on a visa. We need to enforce the laws we have already.
I LOVE YOUR SHIRT
Wow that guy from NM is hard to listen to.
Omg second guy has no idea what hes talking about. Just full of caffeine.
He gave a free thought? Did he charge for the others?
The second guys is retarded.  How are you going to give these people an identification number when they want to get into the country unnoticed?  Maybe they'll use a fake number, but not anything that will have their real identification information.
That look at the end  I just cant 
This guy made my head hurt
Somebody please give this guy a copy of 1984
I don't understand why these people think it's ok to break the law.
The guy recording for his show, was he high?  Lol, and XRay Boarder.
That spanish guy is a fucking retard, fuuuuuck what a dumb cunt
The xray border is 0retty dumb but an physical wall is quite inneficient.

Make a wall protected by drone and/or turrets If you pass a certain line it kills indiscriminatly.

Would fix the issue pretty damn quick.

Make only few passage point being unguarded by those drone/turrets. And make sure everyone going in is legally autorized to.
The wage gap is fake
The guy would be all for the RFID chip. That's scary!
"We shouldn't build a wall. We should build an x-ray wall"
The second guy smh
Hes an idiot trying to sound smart
#freetommy
I really don't understand how someone that have been in the US for years cannot speak proper english. I'm Eastern European and i never set foot in an English speaking country but i can still speak fluent english.
The second dude is literally crazy....xrays that scan people and he wants to be governor lol
That second guy basically decribed the dystopian future of Minority Report. I was just waiting for him to suggest a system to predict crimes before they happened.
Eating animals is okay change my mind
Build The Wall
9:50 he propose US goverment to chip the citizen and verified their ID with every business they do.
open border,total surveillance thats grreat idea you want enter then you must enter the collective.
Why do those of you who don't want to wall why have you chosen to force the taxpayer to pay for everything including these people who come here sit on welfare granted we have our own number people on welfare but they come here they sit on welfare and then talk s*** and hate our country and you're okay with this I'm not okay with paying for people to be in prison for their entire life I'm not okay with paying for people to come here and be on welfare and get free schooling on our dime I can't even send my kid to college but my taxes keep going up.
The second guy...wow. People come here illegally and somehow he thinks we can tag them so they can be identified. How exactly do we tag them if they are coming here secretly? Also the idea of tagging people is just too reminiscent of Nazi Germany to me. Let's just keep as many of them out as possible and let people come here through legal channels k? People like this dude I think disagree with controlling the border simply because conservatives believe in it.
Okay second guy... How are we supposed to tax illegals when they sneak into the country illegally???  For someone who might be hosting their own show/channel, you sure don't seem to know the first thing about what you're talking about.
That mexican guy is a moron. 3% of the population is committing 37% of the crimes. "Well everybody commits crime, ya know what i mean?" Yea, your people committing crime isn't a problem in your mind is what you mean. "Everybody commits crime" the conversation is over dude.
the 2nd guy,  hands down, thought he was about to own that interview..he definitely deleted his footage. god bless him.
That second guy.... How do you get people to go through the x-ray gate idea if it is only at a few points across the border, making it the full length would be more expensive than a wall... His point defeats itself...
The second guy was pretty much for the wall and doesn't even realise it haha
#LeroyForGovernor
Go go gadget x-ray borders!! 
The second guy sucks lol
At 10:00 into this and Im pretty sure I just heard mastermind individuals blatant answer and scientifical all within one glorious answer to why we dont need a wall
Facial recognition technology DNA tags
You needa go to a school
Did he say indevegetables?
Um.... wat?
So the second guy was on something... change my mind
This is why the left is so violent - if they try to debate using facts, their brains just melt.
I have no words to describe that second guy. That dude has an IQ of a potato.
It wasn't as hostile as some of the other ones but the last guy had ideas that would only work if we had an effective way to funnel potential illegals to follow a policy they are actively trying to avoid...
man... i tought that brazilians (my people) were stupid but... damn... i can see that the comon american can acctuly beat us '-' i am realy ssurprised RN
Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, the wretched refuse of your teeming shore,..... and I will build a wall and separate your family and take your children hostage, so you can learn your lesson. Truth is stranger than fiction. No kid deserves to go through the in inhumane act of being separated from their parents and a wall, will just make drug lords richer because I do not see a demand for narcotics going down any time soon. Americans love their drugs so much that their in our anti-depressant commercials. I pray that the kids going through this find strength and enlightenment because this is a great country and not every American is pro-building a wall. Love your neighbor as they have delicious beer and tacos and great parties with chips and salsa.  Everyone have a good week, from a first generation Mexican-American who is fed up about hearing how bad my people are when Americans create wars in the name of ehm (oil) and justify it by putting Christ and salvation behind it.  I love how statistics can easily justify inhumane acts. Why does a white rapists differ from a illegal mexican rapists? Are they not the same unimaginable crime? Media is putting a stain on our beautiful culture that brightens up American lives and produces good labor from our hard working educated people. We all share the same moon, sun and stars. Come on people! There are way better solutions than this.
He'll be a scientifical governor.
That dude is a freakin idiot!!! He has no idea what he is talking about and no idea of facts. Scientypical??? Really
Some people are just retarded
Im so happy to have multiple change my minds so close
Hold on a second, what wars did the U.S. start in Mexico by wanting to build a wall!?  What is this woman talking about?
He's literally explaining a wall. But he doesn't want a wall. Like...?
That guy wants the U.S. to function like one of Amazon's cashier-less stores.
Hahahah becoming the governor of New Mexico. Dude you have the iq of a squirrel
I wish I could've went and changed your mind on the wall. so far I'm on the second interview and it makes me sad....
Electronic tag,like the "mark of the beast"
Why don't we just build a tower that shoots micro chips into peoples brains then an xray scanner scans the people and sends their DNA to a database, that then checks how many percent american that person is and if it's above 3.14% they get to go in but if it's under they get shot by another chip, and that chip controles their brain to make them walk away from the boarders, but shut off whenever they are more than 10m away from the boarders.


Jesus, is that so hard?
... I'm sure that body scannar with a database of every immigrant that can scan a 1,900 mile border technology is coming right up soon.
All the stuff that last guy talks about is at the border. So he doesn't want borders, but he still wants ports-of-entry on the borders?
That guy needs to stop smoking drugs.
They dont know what they are talking about. They want security but no wall? Is al wall around your house not security? You protect your house with a wall and door too keep people that dont belong there out or make it difficult for them to get in. Why not protect your country like that too? you are already doing it?
Mr. Leeroy, what youve just said is one of the most insanely idiotic things I have ever heard. At no point in your rambling, incoherent response were you even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought. Everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it. I award you no points, and may God have mercy on your soul
A lot of illegal aliens trying to invade are drug dealers and human traffickers, but there are poor families trying to flee mexico as well, which should get the opportunity to live a better life in the states, I also believe if you are so against creating a barrier for these families trying to enter maybe you should setup an organization to assist families in mexico to get in legally 

also rip xxxtension cord
Wow this guy is unreal, and x-ray scanner and a note from mum instead of a wall? 
did that guy just say immigrants should pay extra taxes?
wait till every body sees the waste of money this wall is gonna be when my raza is still coming through. viva mexico
I love looking at how many dislikes there are and im usually think there just sitting there on welfare waiting for another right wing video just to dislike it
i hate to play the devils advocate but if you believe the 2 amendment was put here to keep a tyrannical govt at bay then its not a stretch to believe the wall may have a more sinister motive, walls can be used to keep people IN as well as out the Berlin wall comes to mind.
This hispanic dude is beyond retarded.
"Build the wall with your ass, bitch!" -Anonymous, 2018
Stupid stupid stupid! How can he just ignore the crime-rate and say that borders should be removed? That's sooo stupid...
x-ray border 
First lady: "no no.nooooo....we need more lemon pledge"
Did the last guy say  to treat people like dogs tag them with a chips so we can located them? lol shit.......
Why do you guys want a wall though? It would literally be a detriment to your society
Last time someone was tagged as identification like that was... Concentration camps!
Lol Spanish millenial dosnt want a wall but is ok with  erecting fucking skynet to track illegals maybe we should elect him president next and just dial up the police state to 11?

Why stop there how about we do a illegals for iPhones  program . Uncle Sam gives you a free shiny Obama phone for every illegal you drop off at a detention center lol.its not like American money means anything anymore anyways.

On a tentwtially related note why the fuck are we ad hitting around waiting for Chester cheeto and old fucking do nothing beurocrats to cough up cash for wall anyways are we Americans or americnnts?

If we want a wall why don't we just get the land under imminent domains
And pass the hat around and actually donate our time and energy and build the fucking thing ourselves it would prolly get done faster and cheaper if we did it that way and it would be good ego boost and branding for the country and political factions involved and people that don't want the wall don't have as much room to pass and mean because little to no tax dollars going into it

Sure we might not get the whole thing done or perfect with this method but it would make the wall about more then just illegals .the volenter wall could be us getting backtoourrootw and reclaimingAmerica's destiny and all that red white and blue warm fuzzy shit. Also charity projects never get means tested for efficacy either. Also might be a good way to get these lazy uslelles millenials employed teach them some actual trades like heavy equipment operation welding masonry shut like that while on project.

That my friends is an easy ducking selk to the American people and Congress then see how that plays out start on highest traffic areas first chain link and drone lowest traffic areas and go back to Congress down the road if we have budget shortfalls and need some help 

And if you really wanna get fancy gwy arpu to hall some of his guys over to help dig and such seems fitting that illegals would have to help build the wall also and that shit would drive libtards to suicide I'm sure it even better make them buts enough to cometey blowing up the wall the they get arrested and raped in prison by the very same people they are cheerleading for

Now matter how you slice this thing its winning
My mind can't be chaged | Change my mind
Build the wall with ur ass bitch omg replayed that 10x. Does Mexicos big ass fucking wall with Guatemala make you mad, angry, and wanna cry?
Blast them with X Ray's until we identify them lol Lefties are soooooooooo fucking stupid
Where did you find this guy? He knows nothing
"I'm gonna be the Governor of New Mexico." BAHAHBAHABAHAHA
So a wall isn't good enough for him. He wants a much stronger border than that. Some sci-fi kinda stuff.
I could be in favor of a much much higher powered xray wall for vaporization, but either seems more costly than concrete.
pubg figure
I worked back in the 1980's as a landscaper for a few years.  During the years I worked in this business, almost every Mexican I had the pleasure to work with DID NOT want to become a American, they saved there money to spend back home.  So I don't quite get this idea that ALL these law breaking people want to integrate into American society, for the most part they don't.
Isn't those people passing by and cursing him a hate crime, by the way? Which means they should face jail time...
What is that guy on?!
So, a giant Xray scanner. hmmm smh
Trump can pay for the wall by renting it out as a shooting range
Hes not spabish...
"An X-ray gate that reads your ID"  Man I'd love to know what was going through Crowder's head when he was hearing that incoherent line of babble.
Crowder's look at the end is like "What the F was that guy talking about?"
a spaniard, named leroy, who talks like a down syndrome canadian. now iv seen it all.
I noticed you were not able to present anyone with intellectual discussion that appose the wall, I wonder why.
cheap prick here ... love the content keep it up :)
ay
That guy's accent was driving me crazy! Drugs(uh) Yes(uh)..
Typical New Mexico moron!!!!
Lefties are nuggets
Um, it's not much of a debate when you're only debating people with an IQ less than 90.
Yeah......tax the people, you know, with all that money they bring over.......
That guy was a real weirdo and had no idea what he was talking about, but at least he was respectful
Just build the wall already ffs. Mexico built one already who the fuck cares but illegal rats anyways
In the end it's just Nanomachines
or somdink like a computer technician hahaha
IF that guy becomes Governor of New Mexico, I'll easily slide into the position of highest scientificilogical mastermined guy...
That kid is dumb as duck
X-ray scanner? Sounds expensive
Interesting how Mr. "Drugs-a" made a distinction between himself as Spanish from Mexico and Mexican...wonder why that is.
Mexico is a failed Narco state.
The Mexican people need to stand up and cause change to happen.
Jeez, lady, get a fresh bottle of water. The one you have is so old that weeds have grown out of it!
Dude, sometimes youre too nice
Bahahaha this guy got two Hispanic dumb shits who sat down. They sound fucking stupid and make me embarrassed how dumb they sound. They made it worst for our cause lol.
Wtf
Man, that guy with the backpack is an idiot.
It would have been interesting to see if Steven Crowder actually supported the building of Trump's physical wall or is just arguing that the USA needs border security. At the current time there is border enforcement without Trump's wall, with check-points to determine who is allowed to enter into the USA. Trump's wall is silly because it is not cost effective, the reality of it's effectiveness to stop illegal immigration would come down to ultimately how many border protection officers are employed (not just at the border but at all points of entry to the USA) and how well they are resourced and trained, which is the same situation without the wall.
Face......  palm
Leroy speaks perfect gibberish
All the negative things were also, truthfully, said of the Irish.  I'm sure glad grandma was allowed here.
Lol the second guy was everywhere...
how hard is it to understand how borders work?......................... do you hop your neighbours fence and use their BBQ when they aren't home?
You should have blocked the lady better...
Wash that guy on meth?
the drugs-a
@10:25...X-Ray...Yeah, what that guy meant by "few mastermind individuals" he, no doubt unconsciously, was referring to people who are smarter than him to figure out how to "fix everything" and pretty much "make-decisions-for" him and like-minded individuals. Otherwise, the more likely device would be an RFID worn or carried in the wallet or purse like an ID by LEGAL immigrants (because an ILLEGAL immigrant is LEAST likely to enter a Government facility for this) who can conveniently go in and out of facilities, also back and forth over the border quite easily. It'd be VERY easy to determine who is and isn't legal (read: with RFID=Legal or without RFID=Illegal). Why stop there, the same thing could be applied to various other regions of the general population to regulate crime and citizenry because, if done through the "appropriate channels", the RFID would be difficult to counterfeit. Of course, such a sensible and rational thing would never actually occur...what with the beLIEf in such silly nonsense like the "mark of the beast" and end times "profitsy" which will OBVIOUSLY occur SOON and not like some far off thousands-of-years-from-NOW nonsense...making it that much easier to talk about...and trace any indirect influence directly back to this comment.
I dont think that guy is scientifical enough to be governor.
X ray scanner...
How did you stay so patient and respectful of the mastermind x-ray dude? !  LMFAO
Our open borders idea guy proposes a police state.... I'M SHOCKED, SHOCKED I TELL YOU!
I support building the wall. Securing our borders, especially the southern border as it is violated more than the northern one. Welfare reform would only effect a percentage of those enticed to cone here so we have to enforce the laws we have and make them stronger. End chain immigration, no citizen should just call out to family members to immigrate here, let the member aply on their own merit. If you attack the means of existing here it would discourage them further being here illegal. If you are here illegal you have no right except basic human rights which the United Nations failed at enforcing. But if you commit a violent crime here, you are forfeit.
Oh So thats what he does when he knows hes wrong. He says I need you to change my mind and dismisses them. On other videos, he would spend almost an hour talking to one person. Then dismisses them. Hes only doing here for entertainment and theres no need to take him seriously anymore.
He needs a scientifical mastermind individual to freeflow a tagged X-Ray border.
Love the anime adds before the vid starts
Of course his name was Go Green Global hahahaha xD
13:18 Crowder's more shook than leftists on election night. Shit.
The wall itself isn't bad, but how the fuck do you finance it ?
im not sure how long these take you to prepare and everything. But I think this content style (change my mind) is your biggest attraction. Make a shit tone more.
So....  he is saying we should "tag" people as if they are migrating animals? Did I understand that right?
Change My Mind is ded.
I dont believe this interview/debate is fake but this guy is so out of his mind that it looks fake, first saying he is against border than suggesting borders, is crazy in this day and age with so much access to information someone like that speaks out of his ass saying that is against everything without knowing any fact and not proposing solutions really makes me sad,  by the way I dont agree with the wall itself but using the money that would go for it to more background checks and more qualified enforces around the border would be a good start
Hungary built a wall in 2015... and it's actually worked for them!
10:55

"An Xray... like a proper scientifical ray that's used... but I like... a gate... free flowing"

Move along people. Nothing to see here.
The dude in the white shirt is a dumbass, sounds like English is his second language
10:35 so basically he described a digital wall
Bunch of fucking nut jobs in this one lmao start micro chipping illegals like some exodus shit
For everyone claiming that the border wall is too expensive, the proposed cost of the border wall is 22 billion dollars. There are 122 million tax paying Americans. If you do the math that comes out to $181 per taxpayer. It's kind of a moot point.
Love to see your binder full of stats and sources.
an X-Ray scanner...
i guess it could be possible... a couple years or more from now.
So instead of a wall, this guy suggests to round up illegals, microchip them and track them....hmmm sounds much like a certain vile dictator we went to war against back in the 40s
Xray border! I'm voting for him.
I believe the wall is excessive, border patrol does good enough of a job and it would just cost too much money in the long run to maintain the wall
"I one day plan on being the Governor of New Mexico." 
Hombre here was definitely on some of that crack we're talking about.
Pee is stored in the balls.... Change my mind
Okay guy in the white tshirt, Leroy? What you been smoking dude?
The second guy literally contradicted himself over and over again. He gave me a headache.
@stevencrowder .for the gentleman that came to you saying that he doesn't believe in a border, if he wants to be a governor .. How will he be the governor of n.m if there are no borders how will there be a new Mexico?.. But that's just tongue and cheek.. My real contention to his view comes from the fact that you think that these illegals will circulate money into the economy...when in fact I've worked three jobs in the last 3 years with illegals here in Texas Every last one if them that's about 15 individual employees had family in their home country who they would send 75 to 80 percent of their check too... they we're making around 2k bi weekly... So in fact majority of the  money we send to these people they send to their home country and their home counties economy is being boosted while we go further into debt..not to mention the discrimination Americans are receiving because we won't work as cheap as the illegals would...and we need things like benefits, dental, health care, that ultimately gets niched because an illegal could care less for work benefits..also at every one of these jobs inculdingbthe one I work in now...all of these people are paid full checks in cash 
..while Americans are paid in tax deductible checks...I could go on and on because I personally first hand work with illegals.they aren't bad people they just don't see how they are causing major problems for hardworking Americans that want to Work a job in which they don't need Google translate to speak with upper management.
That guy is an idiot!!!!
governor of new mexico! haha
OMFG how irritating is the self identified "Spanish" dude who walked in @ 4:08 ? What a fucking moron.
The discussion with that 1 guy was not a change my mind segments it was a "cringe" my mind segment.
I always hear the low IQ reasoning that the illegal immigrants will just add to the economy through taxation and their spending. If the people coming here are all such a benefit to the economy, then why are their home countries not thriving, also are we then guilty of stealing the valuable people from these less fortunate countries? So we need to build the wall to keep America from plundering the population of our oppressed neighbors.
4:06 meth head
That's The New American dumb shit.
Seems crowder again chose a bias to suit his belief.
No way that second guy was worth showing and that no one else that day had  a good point.
Only 14 minutes so clearly chose the easiest and stupidest people.
This guy didn't want to grant Crowder his point so badly that he developed a fucking X-Ray wall.
the migration and stuff
Why why did you talk to that idiot so long!
Build The X-Ray Microchip Wall With Excuse Notes | Change My Mind
What surprised me most? The fact you let this space cadet have so much of the mic time
Jesus Christ people are uneducated twits. The future is in big trouble.
Build the Wall already
What kind of drugs is white shirt guy on?
That is the dumbest idea ever. This young man has
john oliver fucke the build the wall argument
It's funny how these people defend illegal immigrants like they didnt mean to just cross a fucking border illegally and enter the greatest country in the world.
I was mainly surprised that the future governor of New Mexico said that he wasnt able to describe the how the x-ray border would work. He seemed like a really smart guy and stuff like x-ray borders are simple  
4th grade level material.
I wouldn't say "unedited." 
Unscripted sure. It's edited to be only a little over ten minutes.
Blurring that woman's face may not be good enough. Her clothes, body type, heck even the plant might identify her. BTW, the wall is impracticable, but the thoughts behind it are understandable
This Spanish guy wants to create George Orwells 1984. Scanners to pinpoint your exact location wherever you go. Not like big brother isn't already watching us with our phones.
The IQ level of these people.... critical thinking doesn't exist, should have to have a standard IQ level to vote...
That 2nd guy needs to get off of the meth.. It's fucking him up.
Where do you plug the scanners in San Juan? So you can spend money at sections of the boarder to build a checkpoint center without gates, fences, and security. I'm guessing his home is ripe with people stealing his stuff.
If you build a wall, will it not keep the honest people out of America and only the criminals will make it over? If you build a wall the criminals will find a way around it. Just a thought?
That 4th wall look from Crowder at the end.... hilarious and classic!
What an idiot.. How do you keep your composure, Steven??
This is painful to watch. I really wish he had people who were experts in the cost/benefit of it. What problems could occur when building over mountains and rivers. What a realistic wall would entail and how long it would take. How effective it would be for stopping illegal boarder crossings. How will it impact land owners along the border. And if they will have to give up land to the gov in order to build it. This just seems like a horrible waste of time. Its like a second grader trying to convince someone vegetables are yucky.
13:15 YESSS LMFAO SAME
Really? Hes proposing for people to get the Mark of the Beast and get it scanned via x-ray scanning...?
I one day plan on being the governor of New Mexico
Future governor of New Mexico, eh? I'd say he's got a pretty good shot at it ... the leftist criteria for leadership being what it is today.
I've got a feeling that people who are against the wall don't know that a wall can have gates or doors. Someone should really tell them that a wall doesn't mean complete seperation...
my families been in mexico since 1500......but I'm not mexican,I'm spanish.   BAAAAAAAAHAHAHAHAAAAA.
"Build the wall with your ass, bitch!" This is why you can't argue or reason with these people - they are grown up babies with adolescent minds who don't think rationally and act on impulse and emotion.
The first lady thinks the wall wouldn't work, but i think it would definitely reduce the amount of illegals entering the country.
Nice crowda. 4:23
Everything that guy said is for a wall but for some reason the physical wall is a problem
"I don't think we should have boarders so people can move freely, but I do think we should chip everyone then use x-ray machines across the country that track everyone's movements like cattle." The Left, achieving freedom for some by enslaving all.
I have my dogs wearing collars with an invisible fence around my yard. Why not treat everyone like dogs?
Im Spanish 
We can tax the illegal immigrants. 


REALLY? UH OH,  RETARD ALERT!
You know ... ALL these issues/concerns will be solved in 2020!
do you know where her gets his statistics i wanna see them for myself
"An X-ray border that reads your tag" I'M DED
You can't have mass immigration and a welfare state.
Second guy was a plant, right? Oh god.......
Im from Denmark. So if I wanna live in the US I have to Apply for a visa etc etc and I will be scanned if Im a criminal or not, or else I will be stopped at the airport... Makes sense. I should not get access if Im a gang member etc... Why should it be any different at the boarder... The Wall will work the same as the secured airport... I find it funny that many left people call us white People privileged. But I still must follow the laws, but illegal immigrants thinks they dont have to? So the question is. Who is really the entitled one? And if I must apply for Visa, green card etc etc to live in the US and follow the laws of the country. Then why is it too much to ask illegal immigrants do the same... Just because they come from a poor state does that entitle them to bend or avoid the law of the country they are moving to... In my book applying for citizenship is the civilized way to do it. And it makes it easier for countries to sort the bad apples from the good... But I guess Im a racist for even thinking this, according to the left... Let me just ask this. When you leave your home when you go to work. Do you lock your door and why? In order to prevent unwanted criminals from breaking in and robbing your house ofc... Kinda the same with boarders. Sure even when locked people can break in. But it is hell of a lot harder than if the door was just open.
the last guy was a literal retard
How do you collect taxes if they have no job?  ... and Have no SIN?
Freeloader/ cheap pick here thanks for the content keep it coming I don't always agree but that's 1/3 the reason I watch.
The second person is such a stupid 
Sorry to say but if you blurred first lady's face for safety why didn't you blur her name badge delete this is you want
So, according to the second guy, we should have open borders that just let everyone in while at the same time having border security. Sure ....
It's simple logic: If you build wall, illegals wont cross over, no onewill well be detained and separated from family. Clearly if you leave it to those unfit patents to look after the welfare of their own kids, theywill break the law and endanger them
Lol the 2nd guy is literally retarded. Hes probably a teacher..
I love these Crowder videos, but this one was painful to watch. That spanish guy who's family has been in New Mexico since the "1550s" is a fucking retard. My God my head hurt just from listening to him babble.
X Ray gate. Get on it Trump
cant stand hearing that retard talk.
Wow that guy was a total psuedo intellectual.
I almost couldn't make it through this. The stupidity is out of control.
Second dude trying to hard to be intelligent
"people will be able to travel far and cheap wherever with no borders in the next 5 to 10 years" I love how young people are so optimistic and silly when it comes to the immediate future, talk to that guy in 10 years, and he's actually supporting tags on people like dogs lol. Incredible
Mr. Madison, what you've just said is one of the most insanely idiotic things I have ever heard. At no point in your rambling, incoherent response were you even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought. Everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it. I award you no points, and may God have mercy on your soul.
says walls and borders are a thing of the past - want's to build a WALL with ID Tag and X-Ray Scanners
Bro was talking out the side of his neck
This is the most awkward video you guys have made. X-Rays.... Just shoot people with X-Rays. Problem solved
And that poor lady... felt so bad for her. She seems like a sweet lady
2 million subs  celebrate that victory
2 million subs  celebrate that victory
"Let's build a radioactive cancer fence"
could have done without that last interview
It is easy to find, follow and statistically track all immigrants. Give them phones. That is how you are tracked...
Fu** dude.. NOONE ELSE sat down? What is THIS? I was excited for this one.. eh
is that guy on drugs
Theres no wall.  That was a 10 cent slogan that dipshits fell for.
As non-American, I believe immigration policies to the US should be rigorous. Wall isn't a-must, but it will help the illegal immigration problems. I researched about issues that illegal immigrants cause, low-wage jobs, "stealing" jobs ( quotation marks even though it sounds delusional, it's real), safety, demographic changes, etc.
Even though the US could actually profit from increasing immigration in numbers, it would be hard for the economy to improve that significantly to support all those people's needs in health, safety, job availability.
Trump has idiotic ideas, most of the time, but he's right about some. This is one of those good ones.
Governor of New Mexico xD
All the cowardly antifa pigs shouting from cars ahahaha
I want some of what ever he smoked 
Oh crap this guy wants a chip .
oh man i gotta know what this guys show is about lmao
Borders: A thing of the past-a
That second is sure not that bright....
I LOVE these Change My Mind segments you really need to do more of these!!! Any and all topics please and thank you
My family has been here since about 1620. At what point am I considered a native? How many hundreds of years does it take?
I need to talk to a group of intelligent people before I can answer your question coherently.. hahaha maybe just make that a general life goal for yourself!
Lord! Liberals are so stupid! They just live in an imaginary world.
Here's a thought, if people believe in no borders, do they support the U.S taking over Mexico and replacing their leadership with American policies?
Idiots
Is nobody gonna mention this dude's speech quirk? lol "Who are the ones selling the drugsuh?" "Just like technology, everything speeds uppuh" "I think borders are gonna become a thing of the pastuh" "People are just gonna be able to travel super fastuh", lol
add to trigger word list: Wall, Build, The. Also no more red ink.
Did that very uneloquent young lad just advocate for RFID Chips??? What the actual fuck.
mexicans have average IQ of 40 they cant put together 2 things literally
4:50 lmaffo, bullshit
Like. get some masterminds like together and maybe like get some computer science guys to make a "scientifical"  x-ray border.
How is this guy going to be the govenor of New Mexico, yet he does not know.  You. Can. Not. Track. An. Illegal. Immigrant. And. Tax. Them. And that is what the wall will be for. To help prevent illegal immigrants getting in the country, and making them have to come in LEGALLY.
It's funny that the guy who wants "open borders" wants to chip people and make it so the government knows where you are all the time.
Leroy was like finger nails on a chalkboard. For "thinking about this a lot", he still seems to be trying to put together a single coherent thought.
That second dude was on the drugz-uh I think-uh
Absolute retard..
The guy from Spain is beyond clueless
When can this book you talked about in previous episodes be bought/how do I buy it? You talked about it in "socialism is evil"
What if swathes of Americans just decided to cross over into Mexico and settle without appropriate residency application - would the Mexican government tolerate it?
What hes suggesting is a lot more complicated than building a wall. And hes also implying he need people smarter than him to implement his own idea
Vegans change my mind I really want to see this topic play out
My great uncle Jimmy came over from Greece married my great aunt Karen and became legal through marriage and still spent the time to get his green card and take the tests and stuff, I was like 9 at the time so its kinda fuzzy on details but he didnt want to be here just for marriage he honestly loved this country
Tolerant left
You deserve a medal for your capacity of keeping a straight face with that second guy.
Governor of New Mexico eh?
Looks like you got played by an illegal conman!
That guy is a complete idiot. "Some kind of electronic ID tag" Is he suggesting we put microchips inside of all immigrants? "This is a free thought right now" made me cringe pretty hard. He makes me want the wall to be 10 feet taller.
 the second guy!!!! Goodnessss!! Bizarre
So we are going to put ear tags on illegals now?
Her face is visible on her neck tag. Lol
Why do people think that being "hard working, nice people" means its ok for them to illegally enter the country. The argument isn't if illegals are nice people.
Seems like you choose the dumbest people who sit down, I thoguht I would hear some real intelligent counter ideas to build a phisical wall, like let us say, the amount of money needed for the wall and its maintenance is way too high and could be used in other tasks, like what Ted Cruz suggested, increasing the amount of juries to process the illigals.
searches 'gogreenglobal'

gets an old Crowder video as top search result
Poor misinformed lady
How do you tax people working illegally? And how do you tax people living off of welfare? You let people in legally with no problems how many would come just to be on welfare? Look at Europe, opened their borders and their pockets.
Hahahaha that guy reads too many comics. Hilarious.
Lets not build a wall because thats racist, lets put in a X-ray gate
So tax them when they come in ... 

So you mean the legal way pay for your citizenship and get your social security number and pay taxes lmao.
oh my god, end of the world if you let that 2nd guy rule it ... What about all country let down borders, let see the mess
Blurr that ladies fucking nametag crowder. Shes scared of narco terrorists.
I was wondering why I was seeing so many skeletons walking around, it was all them damn x-ray people.
This segment was not productive. Probably because the topic is too controversial and it immediately separates people by their tribal political identities.
Build that fing wall add a catapult,  launch them over, no parachutes. Wow some of these people are bat shit crazy!
We need an X-Ray Wall, and Mexico's going to pay for our cancer treatments!
Deport that second guy .....he probably wouldn't notice.  Cudos to you crowder...your patience is epic
80% of the heroin in the US comes from Mexico. http://www.businessinsider.com/us-heroin-coming-from-mexican-cartels
When trying to sound intellectual goes wrong.
That guy..... the border is already free flowing....
Yeah, a 'scientifical x-ray machine' sounds great!!!
As far as building a wall goes the "future Governor" is by far one of the most stupid people you could have had a discussion with. Imagine if he hadn't been thinking about this problem for the last 3 years!
It just seems a little silly to spend that much money building a wall when most illegal immigration happens with people coming legally and over staying their visas. 

Also, a meta analysis of immigrant communities showed lowed crime rates than native populations. It took into account vast amounts of studies and data.
you know what I find funny.. the fact that mostly everyone that comes and sits down and talks to you think they know everything and how to do everything....  not saying all the ideas they share aren't worthless. but it is more the fact of everyone should understand the reality about the issues.....
Build the wall.
We have the most diverse country in the world and its a beautiful thing and Building a wall is something that North Korea has done to not allow anyone in or out of the country and its just scary to think that our president wants to do this with Mexico even though its just to keep illegals out but who knows if that power can strengthen to become out our control like North Korea and already our citizens want stricter gun laws too which essentially gives government more power
Save money on the wall by reinstituting slavery for Illegal immigrants. I'll bet that plugs the hole
Steven, use white duct tape next time. ;-)
10 Ways Socialism Has Improved America
1. The Military/Defense
2. Highways/Roads
3. Public Libraries
4. Police
5. Fire Dept.
6. Postal Service
7. Student Loans and Grants 
8. Bridges
9. Garbage Collection 
10. Public Landfills
X RAY BORDER SCANNER FROM A MEXICAN MASTERMIND!
I cant believe you fucks believe anything coming out of this guys mouth. Cant find one single piece of evidence that suggests illegal immigrants commit 30% of homicides in the United States. Its bullshit to fuel your agenda and its sickening.

If youre so concerned about crime amongst illegal immigrants such as drug traffickers and homicides then wouldnt an easy solution be to provide an easier path to citizenship so, methods to identify these criminals would be easier?
>mastermind individuals<
Dude that is exactly what trump said
So many people clearly DON'T understand the simple difference between immigrants and illegal immigrants.
Do dictionaries no longer carry any value / importance what so ever ? Do words no longer need meaning ?

I'm truly amazed.
If you're there legally, you don't have much to fear.
Not knowing who enters your country can pose serious threats to national security, I'm French, and Even I know that !!
Obviously, it should not be a physical wall, but more like a "wall" of watch towers with just fences, the cost in labor alone, not mentioning materials, would be a little too much, but some watch towers would do the job.
Ok let me get right on that Leroy!
Confederate monuments shouldn't be displayed on public property except in a museum, change my mind.
i like your shoes
Leroy is am idiot.
Okay, he clearly has been demowashed.
Don't do drugs kids
I don't want a wall, I just want a freaken border from stones that at least 3 meters high
The public school system at work.
#buildthexraygate
Yeah radiate everyone !
When it comes down to it build the wall
no wall. but let's have an xray wall thingy
People are so use to technology just taking care of everything that they believe it will just magically come out of no where and fix everything. Dependence on non-existant apps makes people think if you just think of something it just works just because you say it does.
Fuck me, I loved that Mastermind Individual comment! Classic >.<
No voting power for imergrants that become U.S. citizens.
This guys iq score is lower than that tire in the background. Its like a six year old just sat down with Crowder and discussed cool ideas for their backyard game they play.
Technology catch up to make a 2000 mile long Xray machine!! Because he plans to be governor LOL
I can normally watch your interviews but this guy was an idiot trying to get his 15 minutes of fame and I couldnt watch it any longer
What a fucking IDIOT
Don't have borders, but have electronic id tag on every human being... sound logic. Ha!
Build a border to track people but don't build a border so people can just go where ever and be free flowing. :/
What would you say about the agricultural industry that relies on illegal immigrants? Its struggling to employ people and we all no the population is expected to rise dramatically in the near future
Walls a thing of the past,  means marxsisme. No boarders,  no nations . People are stupid, really
Help keep families together. Build the wall.
I kind of agree with the first lady.   I'm against illegal immigration, and I'm against the wall.   I worry the wall may one day be used to keep us in.   If we cut off the welfare, free healthcare, and free education to illegal immigrants I'm not sure a wall would be needed.
7:07 lol its funny how this guy is thinking of how to deal with the information that 37% of homicides are by illegals 
u cant deny that fact its a huge problem caused by a very small amount of ppl
and then lol if only making ppl citizens would benefit the country
he doesnt see the fact it costs more than the majority will ever pay in taxes
they are using systems already being paid for by other citizens that have not got a return yet
and in the case of social security i personally have paid in my whole life but will never receive any benefits
u can easily find information on how many years our country has the ability to pay for certain things
social security will be bankrupt in less than 4 years
yes this has happened before and every time they just band aid the budget with no solution just a few more years out
but living with this type of uncertainty of my own retirement is not healthy
and already my parents will be getting less benefits themselves so i will have to help them
Sounds like people don't want a border wall, but can't think of a suitable replacement.
So basically logic doesn't apply whatsoever. The liberal mantra. We don't need no stinking logic we have lots of feelings and stuff.  unbelievable.
"X-Ray Border", OMG, that guy has no clue or idea ...
I hope you do another Build the wall CMMs since the people you spoke with clearly werent knowledgeable enough to discuss this topic. Seriously though, where the heck did you set up shop this time?
Thanks for another free video steeeeeve.
Big up to all my cheap prick homies out there.
This Mexican guy you interviewed is fucking autistic
You are soo fucking stupid!! But if you're trying to get clicks it's a smart strategy, just diss major topics to get your audience and act as if you where anything else than a monkey bitch  trying to get paid because he forgot how to survive without paper, and lives afraid of all them Mexicans coming for his money  paper holding fake value just like Bitcoin 
This was as retarded as arguing if banning alcohol will stop car accidents... it's the fucking cars!!! Oh but don't nobody dare talk shit about cars     
You report them to ICE.
That guy is delusional.
People we live within walls with a checkpoint at the front we call it our house.  Your house has walls enclosed around it and a door for entering and exiting.  Tell me how will you keep your house and the valuables within it if you lost your walls and doors?

Why are people putting feelings above reasoning?  This will only bring destruction and your feelings will turn from happy and laughter to sadness and tears.
All border walls are evil and immoral. Everyone who wants to come to  America should be allowed in, unless violent criminals. If they need housing or health care they should be given it by the Federal Government. USA is plenty rich enough and has to much money and power as it is, so we can afford it. These people are just looking for a better life, they deserve to live in America and receive all the Government benefits that come with that. They should be given food stamps, housing, healthcare, cell phone with internet, and access to education. These are all human rights, and all people should be given them regardless of where they happen to be born. It's not there fault that they were born in some shitty country in South America, so it's there right to come to America and be given these things. If we have to tax more of the middle class and upper class to pay for all this then that's ok, they have to much money as it is. These people who need it, should have that money go to them in the form of Government assistance. If they can't work they should also be given a basic income on top of all the other benefits, like I said before these are human rights......
11:00 this dude is so dumb xd
I don't know why the second dude brought up taxes....the illegal immigrants are UNDOCUMENTED that means we can't tax them because we don't know about them.
The second guy is missing the point on illegal immigration.  If they come over illegally you don't have a record of their entry.  You can't offer them citizenship if you don't know who they are.  Also, the leftists desire for open borders and no guns would leave us open to conquest.
X-ray border!!!!! Bahahahahahaha 

Sure, no problem. 

Im fucking dying.
The guy had great ideas...
And, that digital program is on the books to be funded as the line item right under the Star Wars program
Losing me with this one. Dont build the wall because it cost too much. Strengthen the fences that are there now. Also, the wall isnt going to stop people from coming over. They will just climb the 10 foot wall. Its useless
Yes build a wall 168 billion dollars to baby shit a ton of refugees is fucking retarded
He's talking about RFID chipping everyone so we can track them. Crazy.
THE MEXICAN GUY WOULD SPEND MORE MONEY THEN OBAMA WITH HIS PLAN!!!!
Second bloke was a fucking retard.
Someone slipped their carer. He probably needed help getting dressed this morning
*emote = face palm
That was painful to watch. Not because of you Crowder, but the asinine arguments. I'm for building the wall.
An x-ray border  omg
First woman was a fucking retard
This guy thinks when we tax people, tax money is put into the economy?  Yeah, these people go through life completely ignorant of basic things.
BUILD THE WALL...and the gator-moat
Build the whole wall across our entire border even in the mountains and yes give them some type of ID number and when they pass through legal points of that border wall. scan them and then we will be able to actually tax  them an track them like we do our own citizens. I think that's actually really fair what I just proposed because it gives them freedom and protects our border at the same time and let's be honest it wouldn't hurt to have our u.s. military which is supposed to defend the sovereignty of our nation to actually defend our border. Other countries defend their borders I just don't know why people think it's wrong that we defend ours. And if they cross illegally we should do the same thing other countries do minimum prison sentences and then after they're done with their prison sentence Deport them yes that would cost us tax dollars to put them in prison but it would be cheaper than what we're doing right now by allowing thousands upon thousands of them a month that are crossing to live here in sanctuary cities. And speaking of sanctuary cities we should just get rid of those all together frankly it's unAmerican.
Something i don't understand is that people think creating infrastructure to allow the USA to control the flow of immigration would somehow make it so that we'd decrease the rate of it. 

If we see negative side effects of blocking otherwise illegal immigrants from entering the country, then that same infrastructure could double as a bottle neck so that we could properly register and immigrants, even if we allow the rate to stay the same...

It's about having the option and capability
So we want to create a Big Brother system for illegal immigrants?
Illegals are criminals. That is all...
If we have border security they arent coming in.  That's what border securoty actually means.
Steven's face at the end of the interview says it all. "I plan to one day be the governor of New mexico" this comment scares because I know it could happen.
At least help the lady out and blur some more to keep her identitiy safe...
Dude I just dont think we should do it cuz it is expensive lol
Hat's off to him for not laughing in that guys face. It was like one of those commercials where they ask 6 year olds questions simply for the ridiculousness.
Second guy is on another level, llaying that 6D chess, staying 5 steps ahead.
this guy is an imbecile.
The kid with the camera seems like he WANTS somthing good, buuuut he's not to bright on the way to do it... 

Now don't get me wrong, a giant x-ray wall sounds great. But it won't work will it? not to mention the energy cost. You'd probably end up spending way more then the actual wall and the x-ray wall wouldn't even work. 

For example, if person A goes through the barrier and he's chipped it works! great.

Person B goes through the barrier, and he's not chipped. He still gets through tho because he's a criminal and dosn't care if you told him to turn back because he dosn't have a chip.
Love the shirt bro
That dude did not know what he was talking about
Wow
So if blacks commit 51% of all murders and illegal immigrants commit 37% of all murders... then the white us citizen population only commits less than 12% of all murders despite being 70% of the population? Hmmmmm.... but I thought white people in the US were "toxic murderers"! It's almost as we have all been lied to.... constantly!
Youssef was right | change my mind
el chopo
The dude that came on after the lady is dumb as fuck..
That guy had a mental disability?
Should stick to the college campuses, at least they have some intellect and can put together a rational argument
Build the wall so Trump doesn't separate children from their parents!
890 Democrats dislike.
Yes, tax people that we can't find.  Brilliant.
''im not mexican, im spanish. but im from mexico..........''
Dear Mr Never Governor of NM 1) Checkpoint - Point of Entry 2) Tracking ID - Visa 3) X-ray Security - Point of Entry Security.  All already exist it was very hard watching your brain operate
Hes on trending 
Low IQ as fuck lmfao.
Christ, this one is weak. Reasonable immigration policy is OBVIOUSLY a sensible stance to take, but this obscenely expensive and utterly futile ego trip of a wall is not the way forward. The insane money and resources that would be spent on this (no, Mexico won't pay, never will, never said they would) could be better spent on facilities and security for the border. A wall is just a rope away from being obsolete and totally ignore the vast majority of people crossing into the country by (wait for it) FLIGHT. The wall is stupid, it should not have been the focus of this discussion.
His face at the end is priceless.
I'm sure he loves doing these segments with people who are nowhere near capable or competent in having the knowledge to actually argue these issues, it makes him look fantastic. I'd love him to have a conversation with someone like Trevor Noah.
That look at the end 
Too bad we didn't get to see any arguments that Steven could debate against. What we got was just random rubbish.
Many illegal immigrants come over legally and just won't leave. Visa overstays aren't going to be kept out by a wall because they're entering through a legal channel. It's a waste of money that could be spent in better ways. I agree that we need to do something about illegal immigration, but I'm not convinced building a wall will really help.
Uh oh. Neighbours are climbing my fence. Gonna have to wall it up
"We might find some areas where we disagree versus areas where we disagree." r/hmmm...
New Mexico entered the union in January 6th 1912 according to wikipedia!
I feel like the Mexican/Spanish guy was an Illegal immigrant because he knows nothing when it comes to how they operate citizenships.
The future governer of New Mexico is hands down one of the dumbest people I've heard.
Steven you are a very patient man. That 2nd guy was like interviewing a kindergartner.
I remember when I was in school I would get a student older then me "and better hand writing" to write me a note so I could leave school early, which never worked . Fast forward 7 years and this is what someone actually thinks  is a great way to deal with immigration" just write a note as to why you want to leave" .. Hahahahahahahahaha
That guy with the camera is the perfect example of lower-educational standards.  Not a bright bulb.
The guy with the white shirt and back pack is a fucking retard. What a fucking moron.
Build the wall!!!!
I'm for stricter border control and knowing who is coming in the country. But I just think that wall would be extremely expensive yo build, which would impact the economy.
Ladders?
Talking to a literal idiot
Maybe a magic boarder scanning machine is needed.
hahahaha what the heck is an x-ray wall
I don't support the building the wall because American tax payers will be paying for it. We should just hire more border patrol officer's.
Oh shit this lady's risking getting killed.
The issue really is the cost effectiveness of the wall, not immigration policy. Everything I've heard about this wall agrees that it would not have a large effect on illegal crossings or drug smuggling over the border. For that reason I don't support the wall as it does not make financial sense. However strengthening the stance against illegal immigrants, increasing deportations, etc, i do agree with.
Good Intentions, Bad Logic, Cringy Salute at the End
People are missing the point.  We need to make Mexico great so they dont want to leave! It will also benefit the US tremendously having a prosperous neighbor.
That spanish guy is not only a retard, he is a dangerous retard that is somehow against borders, but for microchipping the entire population and having checkpoints and scanners set up all over the cities....wow.
Scientifical 
That second guy is brain dead and obviously doesn't understand statistics. If a small minority is committing a large percentage of the crime then that is an issue.... This moron just said that anybody can commit crime... Wow!
A X-ray border and a written reason why your leaving ," change my mind"
lol this dude just watched Elysium or something when suggesting the human id scanner system
Wtttf was that dude on  that was a good 8 ball huh  I mean this dude was all over the place. First he wasn't for borders. Then he's talking about some craaaaaazy x-ray border shit  OMG. Lol  DUDE the look on your face at the end! PRICELESS!
I can't even finish this video it's like telling a child why we need rules and regulations
So... that guys had no idea whats goin on... he wants to be governor 
They also need a wall around Canada to keep the dirty Americans out
its good if they dont pay taxes
When we build the wall we should make sure this guy is on the other side!
This episode reminds me of what George Carlin said:
"Think of how st upid the average person is, and then realize that half of them are st upider than that."
"I don't want solid, functional wall, I want virtual Xray wall" LMAO
Y are people so smart 
This guy is an idiot,  he finds people who can't debate our rationalize.  Let's see. Extremely expensive and he uses statistics from government websites which is extremely bias.
Please try and do this again.
I hope they waited to post this until after ICE came and took those guys. If they lived in same place as her then this blurring does nothing. They can easily tell who it was. Voice, body shape, mannerism, etc
xray border... and he wants to be governor of new mexico. make it happen!
Lady lil snitch
Ya, what if we have aliens in hovercrafts patrolling the boarder and keeps count of all the people who come over and instantly tag them with a social security card and... tax them some how... 

Ya, Open boarders!
I'm a cheap prick. Great content tho
GoGreenGlobal has a hell of a spokesman. He uses intelligent, well thought out arguments to assert a position that is rock solid and logic that is indisputable. . . if you made it this far without recognizing sarcasm I can't help you.
You should make a "the civil war was not fought over slavery," change my mind.
Refuse welfare to invaders!
If we are going to have an open border then we ought to be able to enforce our laws/tax those living in Canada and Mexico.
Most illegal immigrants come in on a temporary visa and stay past its expiration.  A wall does jack shit against that.
That Guy is not Spanish, and I know because im a spaniard. That Guy is delusional if he thinks he is spaniard and not mexican
Wouldn't you want a a death star and a companion chewbacca to go with your Xray-id tag border?
Haha that second dude is cooked.
Do islam is not a religion of peace
lol i feel dumber after hearing the second dude describe the exact concept of what the wall would do but still doesnt want the wall built. just build an x-ray wall.
It's funny how your president still hasn't built that wall, he swore up and down that he would have Mexicans build it and pay for it and low and behold the refused to do it and took him as a joke so now that he realizes america has to pay for it, he forgot about it lmao this was predicted by all the non white dumb fucks
Well, that was a weak episode. Is it some sort of teaser ?
That dude was being disingenuous about the issue, then his solution is a borderless 'border' with the same controls we have now
White t-shirt guy, talks much, tries to sound smart but is really stupid
I can't believe I'm saying this but the college students made more coherent arguments.
Build the wall, staff it with guys with guns, and then shoot the hell out of any illegals that are seen approaching.  Cut welfare and anchor baby citizenship.
Why be ashamed of who you are?
hey! No wall you racist!
Ok, but real talk? We need some kind of wall
??????
The argument against the wall is futile. The opponents need to explain why they think illegal immigration is ok. They have to explain why it is ok to break the law. Their only argument is that we should have a world without borders - which sounds on paper - beautiful - but is impossible to implement. If done so today would see the world end tomorrow. Build the wall is impossible to refute. Leftists oppose it without being able to logically articulate why.
What there was a midroll ad during the video keep it up Steven.
Trump 2020 and 2024!!! CHANGE THE LAWS!!!!!
The second guest clearly has a sub 100 IQ.
X-MEN:  THE X-RAY BORDER WARS
If not a wall that's routinely checked and guarded tighter than a ducks arse in water, then outposts along the border like with high caliber rifles, locked and loaded to eradicate ANYONE (men, women, children even livestock) who tries to enter illegally... just shoot them, bullets cost less than the paperwork needed/printed to document these vermin
Lee Roy just ain't that bright.. Sharp as a spoon
Just tax them?! What, are they in the mob now?!
I'm Indian and I support strong borders especially with Pak near us... But I simply don't get why Americans are protecting illegal migrants. Puzzles me!
Holy shit people are dumb
This nigga retarded
blur out her face, but not her ID badge
Roll on new heaven and earth!
THIS KID JUST DESCRIBED A MODERN VERSION OF NAZI GERMANY
Thank you for staying respectful and engaged throughout all of your discussions Steven!
God that was horrible...and he is running for office in NM? God help them.
Electronic ID tag? Yeah lets treat them like fuckin dogs and track them, at a non existing border, through an xray scanner, while taxing them like slaves. Sounds great! 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MEWniG991O0
Funny how the right go on about liberty and freedom except when it comes to immigration  then its all about government and regulations. Make up your mind guys.
So they are demamding that wages get lowered
Steven, you are getting really good at picking apart arguments on the fly.  Keep it up!!
This guy is literally talking about RFID tagging illegal immigrants and doesnt see why thats clearly impossible, let alone politically unpalatable.
I am so impressed Steven.  I could not do these in the civil manner in which you do.  You are a great guy.
The guy basically wants microchips because they can just leave an ID card at home and travel back and forth without being detected at a border wall checkpoint.
As someone who studies Information system , his solution is the dumbest thing i've ever heard
Thats why we need a fucking wall, idiots like that. Build that wall and put him on the other side. Wow dumb motherfuckers.
The wall isnt going to do shit. Its just a status
Leroy is a retard.
when you just cant get on board with your opponent because you have to change his mind you go totally overboard suggesting an even worse idea ...just to have a position on your own...ironic ... he suggested to chip every mexican south the  border with a gps tracker ... like a dog
say no to socialism ..change my mind!
I can't watch something like this. The opposition can't seem to string together a coherent sentence. It's like they don't really know what they believe in and are making it up as they go.
Oh Leeroy.... I hope you didn't upload that video. Unless it is titled "I got rekt"..... He needs to sit down with a few masterminded individuals and have a free thought discussion.

Ladies and Gentlemen. The future governor of New Mexico.
The problem is progressivism.
People will try to come so long as there's welfare.
Best case scenario a wall delays the collapse a little bit.
But when the guards hate their ruling class so much, that they're willing to open the gates for a small price, it makes no difference.

How progressivism develops:
Video: https:/ /www. youtube. com/watch?v=W8N3FF_3KvU&list=PLMNj_r5bccUw40CpD-JYXJyVsDYsj7ITD&index=1
Book: https:/ /www. amazon. com/Evolutionary-Psychology-Behind-Politics-Conservatism/dp/0982947933/ref=sr_1_1?s=books&ie=UTF8&qid=1514984592&sr=1-1
Practical example of this happening to mice: http:/ /www. cabinetmagazine. org/issues/42/wiles.php
Fuck off dude. If I a thirteen year old can disprove you and build the wall though along with my dozens of classmates. But the second guy reads to many comic books. The second guy is so fucking stupid.
What a fuckin idiot how the fuck would u tax someone who is illegal if there is no record of them in the country
I hope they are able to protect that lady because her voice might give away her identity and coupled with location info... it could be a big problem for her!
11:33 INDIVEGETABLES?
So what you are saying is you want to build a wall
"Ya sure they are bringing the drugs, but who is selling them"   lol who wtf matters who is selling them. If they werent here in the first place nobody would be selling lmfao.
I cant listen to anyone who ends a sentence with an "eah". 
Fuck you!
I couldn't watch this babbiling Mexican moron....
What makes you think they are gonna use an X-ray border if they are trying to come illegally?
Sir Not Gay looks so super bad ass with that FANNY PACK.... I wonder what could be in it?  Does Walther approve?
I'm not Mexican...I'm Spanish lol....Okay, my grandmother came from Germany when she was two so I'm German.
Thats an idea! We can just hire Superman and have them scan everybody that comes across the border with x-ray vision!!! Dont you love people that have opinions and think of them right on the spot! I fucking hate stupid and ignorant people.Donald we love you
Look what happens when you open borders to immigration with a democratic mindset. Whites are now a minority in the UK. Guess what? We are one step away from being the UK. Do you want the most popular name to be Manuel or Carlos in the USA?
Stupid lol
Crowder's face was gold when Leroy salute's like Al Borland and shuffles off 
Keep up the good work, I'll keep watching.
This didn't appear in my sub box 
New Mexico is fucked if that man becomes governor
Build the wall with your ass?
Come through to Salinas California and they will definitely change your mind
People don't want to sit and discuss the wall because there is no logical argument against it, just feelings
The Spanish dude man... I wonder how low his IQ is, really painful to listen.
The personification of a brain fart! Thanks for your input Mr X ray.
I'll have you know good sir I may be a 'cheap prick' (you are right lol) but I chose between "Mug club" or a "Beauty and the Beta" t-shirt, guess who is drinking coffee out of a normal drinking glass while wearing a b-e-a-tiful new shirt atm?
build the wall and make sure this "1500's spanish" retard is on the Mexican side of it
this guy was very ignorant and highly uneducated
holly shit that second guy was painful to listen to. Like listening to a 4th grader talk about something they know nothing about. Just rambling.
Was anyone else bugged by the extra vowel that Leroy added to every other word? I was about to pop
"I'd have to talk to a group of individuals"
Dude there's no way that Leroy fella is a real person lol
Both of these people were cringey stupid.
"build the wall with your ass...BITCH" LOL
that guy was a crazy person...
I wish I could sit down and talk with him on abortion. I love all his political views except for that one. I respect his opinions and I would have fun sitting and talking with him.
An X-ray border that picks up your imbedded data chip which tracks all movements within the US... and they say a concrete wall is oppressive and authoritarian.
This is the first one ive watched and disagreed with. I saw another commenter say it comes down to 
Cost
Effectiveness 
Perception
And i agree except i dont know what they mean by perception. First and foremost, the most important aspect is effectiveness. 40%+ (40 is the low ball) of illegal immigrants come by plane and over stay visa's, even other republican say its a dumb idea. To build a wall along 1900+ miles of the border is insanely pricey for such an inefficient wall. Shoot wouldnt surprise me if a bunch are coming in by car legally and doing the same as those who come by plane. Lastly mexican (latin american) immigrants are actually productive to the economy because they handle the jobs no one else will, are actually highly  unlikely to commit crime when compared to native born(but more than legal immigrants) , and for the most part they bring a work ethic thats stronger than that found in other ethnic groups. Overall id say i disagree. Im not pro-illegal immigration because there is an issue with population growth being faster than economic growth, but a wall is a no go for me.
So... His idea is a Stargate of some sort, unmanned, requiring people to only complete a  promise note to be issued a SSN, and then expect them to pay a toll tax and taxes going forward....  But he wants someone else to do the work of figuring all this out....

Okay.
My Irish ancestors came here legally, what makes others so damn special?
That fake Spanish guy is retarded, for real. I mean literally mentally impaired.
I Know the Real Leroy Trujillo AMA
Build the wall

You cannot change my mind
Listening to that "Spanish" dude made me feel tired lol damn cringe..
I think you should alter her voice.
I believe he could achieve his dream of being Governor of Mexico and still have bragging rights about his double digit IQ
Omg that mexican is brain dead
13 min? Was he beat up half way through? Lmao
Do they not understand that illegal immigrants is people who sneak in with fake ids and people who jump the border or stay longer than they are allowed to.. we wouldn't know if they are in the country or not, that's what makes them illegal. Second thing, they cost more than they actually earn since a lot of them don't pay like income tax.
The people that sat down were not that educated on the matter alot of maybes and ifs. Obviously this topic didn't bring an educated liberal on the matter cuz there is no winning this argument or a common ground also God help New Mexico if he actually runs for governor
The only reasonable argument against the wall as far as Im concerned is the fact that it would be paid for by tax payer dollars. Were talking probably billions of dollars. However, if it actually reduces the number of illegal immigrants that sneak through thus negating the negative impacts they generally have on the economy, it might be financially worth it.
That's a terrible blur job. Someone from her apartment complex could still recognize her.
Second dude makes my head hurt.... Tax demm.... yeah just tax demmm yeah that's what make them citizens tax dem...
#BuildThatWall
The most common argument I hear against the wall is making an x-ray wall to read your code.
That one guy was annoying as fuk.
Doesnt want a wall,

Proceeds to describe a system worse than a wall.

Ok.
You really cherrypicked a couple of real dumb people for this one. Nothing really gained by this segment.
You should have changed that first lady's voice. This is actually really, really dangerous for you to have broadcast this. You didn't even obstruct the ID on her neck.
The Spanish guy is basically describing Nazi Germany. Only instead of yellow stars,  it's X-ray's and microchips.
Lmao he got called out on his bait and switch trickery. Right about 9:15
After listening to that guy i forgot math :(
God, Crowder is so boring!
That second guy was surely trolling you.  There is no way he actually thought a scientifical x Ray boarder was a real thing.  I guess he can make it a real thing with his masterminds.
How do build a wall around the rio grand.
when dumb people try to sound smart thanks spanish guy.
The wall is basically a metaphor. Whether it curtails the flow of illegal is beside the point.  It's a statement of sending a message that border control is a serious issue.  None of the people that are against it, would take the external doors of their homes and let anyone in if requested.  They are uneducated hypocrites.
10:40 Jesus Christ, this guy is off his rocker
A wall is a prison are you fucking stupid
I like how the dudes basically like "don't build the wall, that's inhumane. Let's just microchip them and tax the Fuck out of them"
You say it's unedited but you blur out their face.
That second guy had good intentions, but he was not the smartest dude :/
So sorry for all the idiots you had to deal with during this vid lol
That guy is so photosynthesis
13 minutes? so controversial there's no actual conversations? 
1-866-DHS-2ICE 1-866-347-2423
It must suck for Steven to go to all this effort and do all this preparation, and then have no one willing (or able) to even have an intelligent conversation.
This is one stupid mother fucker..
Many people dont know that there is already a "wall" separating the borders, along with several border patrol surrounding the area night and day. If the wall is funded not by taxing the people then build it, Not an issue, I personally think that a bigger wall between the border wont change much, people come here desperatley other ways, some of which are by plane, few cross right through and another small amount through the sea. Im not against building a wall, im against getting taxed for building a wall that wont make much of a difference, there are roads with potholes that I'd rather get paved to use tax dollars on, pay the police better so they can do their jobs correctly and not be corrupt, which is an issue, not all cops are bad but that doesnt go to say that all cops are perfect either. The point I want to get accross is people think the wall will make the immigration situation better for them, but back in the U.S. where everyone in the comment section presumably lives, The economy would worsen due to high tax for a wall that wont change much. I dont want bad people in the country, sure a small percentage of immigrants and illegal immigrants commit crimes, but there are bad people in this world regardless of where they are from, some people seek refuge or assylum to get out of a country that they dont feel safe in, when the process takes over a decade to get someone accross the border correctly its likley thay those people dont want to wait that long, a few weeks maybe a few months but it shouldnt take years,just because it takes years to cross legally to stay is the reason people come to america illegally and stay, they pay taxes regardless a tax number was relased saying a few million people that were undocumented paid taxes and made up a percentage in the revenue, The only solution that I saw to have people prove that they could stay is the dreamers act, which grants undocumented citizens legal work, they pay taxes and work in the mean time, daca seemed to be the best way to solve the undocumented issue until people thought that it was just a special pathway for citizen ship, and thats pretty much what seeking assylum or refuge is, a special pathway to citizenship, if you have someone trying to kill you or being mistreated in one country that another one will take you in with open arms, im not against that either but people are only arguing about daca and the issues and "loopholes" in the program. Im going to leave it off with this, If the wall is independently funded, and not taxed build it, if you think that will help with illegal immigration, but if it will be taxed why should we have to pay for a wall thought up by a billionare who has no political background but is now president. Just like the video i want a debate and discussion, civil, No hate because thay will just make you seem like an ignorant person there for your points will be invalid and just childish, I want to know why the wall needs to happen if there is already a large metal fence blocking the border.
Future thinker 
Was that dude high or what?
Man...the lady you were speaking to at the beginning was obviously "limited"...no need to exploit her.
So fucking interesting! I love these change my mind shows!
Crowders face in the end was too damn funny.  I couldnt stop laughing.  I could feel Stevens pain sitting through a rambling of a gentlemen that just discussed another version of a controlled border.
X-RAY THEM BITCHEEEEES
"Build the wall with your ass bitch" love it you could tell he was like 14
Hahahahahha this guy had no idea what he was talking about...and he agreed with u most of the Time lol
Another issue I support that crosses this debate is a federal sales tax. Get rid of income tax and tax all sales. That means that not even criminals or immigrants get away with not paying taxes.
That guy is a fool.
lol xray gates :P
oh jeez these guys who are talking are an embarasment they dont know shit
If they dont one day we will belong to mexico.because their people will out number American.this there plan.to take back the land we took ,from them during the war.  People cant see the bigger picture.all they can see is crying babies.the cant beat us at war.so this is the plan to take there land back.
So how about  border watch towers with heat sealing machineguns and armed soldiers collecting them and arrest them as  enemy combatants. Or we build a wall, add cameras and sensors. Have actual gates at actual wall and better managed rules for entry, overstaying, criminal activity while here. Oh wait that makes too much sense. We DONT need idiots like Gov Moonbeam letting CRIMINALS  stay and do what ever they want.
This should be in a college campus to maybe have other kinds of perspectives on the topic.
How the hell did you keep a straight face with that last guy? My hat is off to you sir.
This video is terrible, why even post it lol... You should this again in another area
37% of murders commited by illegals sounds like such bullshit if they make up 3.5 % , sounds like such bullshit crowder stop lying nigga  stop nigga
Glock is better than walther change my mind
That guy sucked
My friend believes there shouldn't be any immigration laws open borders he says my question is were can i find the statistics you mentioned on the video
This guy has far too much confidence given his intelligence
"Scientifical", divisional.  This dude is duuuuummmmbbb.  Ugh,  liberals.
I am so happy to hear that man is going to be politician and  governor , thinking we are going to live like Black Panter movie, adn tracking everyone like in matrix with tags and scaners  on every coner =)
This Brown Mexican from New Mexico thinks hes Spanish!?  lol
that guy was a living meme :Build xray walls not regular walls . I'm not Mexican I'm spanish my family were in Mexico since 1550. In 5-10 years we can go everywhere super fast and super cheap.
About time you did one for the wall
It's 2018 and the "non-mexican" guy lives in the 3000.
So, he says that this was a free thought, and then he says that he's been thinking about this for three years... Sadly this was the most intellectual of the two conversations that Steven had out there. The one woman actually sounded genuinely concerned and otherwise ignorant of how building the wall could have benefitted her in her situation. And the rest was just a bunch of hateful cowards with no balls to even come up and try to convince Crowder otherwise. If one of those people who instead acted like spoiled little brats had maybe tried to converse with Crowder in a Civil manner, then maybe his mind could actually be changed on many of these segments. Although, it is hard for your mind to change when you have done your homework and you are well aware of the facts that support your argument both statistically speaking and from a moral standpoint. Regardless, these people are fools that will literally believe anything from the mainstream media.
Youre missing such a major point. Any  crime they commit is unnecessary and could have been avoided. To say they bring the drugs in but Americans sell it only further supports the notion they corrupt the society they enter. Think about it
Think go green global watch's the Buddhism hotline...check it out 
We don't need immigrants change my mind.
To think this guy cancels out my vote... good lord.
Anyone else here laugh at the irony of seeing hordes of Mexicans hopping a fence, chanting "VIVA MEXICO!" as they literally abandon their fatherland?


Sorry. How dare me. PERSONland
I want more. Keep that booth out there for a week. Let them come.
Congrats on the 2 million subs!
Unsubscribed, change my mind... Lol git rkt skrub
I was actually hoping for a logical debate.
that camera guy was fkn unwatchable...
She's not a Mexican American anything. She's a Mexican. She needs to go back to her home country.
A little trigger happy with those crtv ads are we?
The guy talking about x-ray border is hilarious.
X-ray border :D He's going to be a great governor...
kinda disappointing episode since they were just stupid people around
That guy is a good example of the product of public school
"We should like tax them coming in." We would if they went through the proper channels and got a social security number.
Stay off the drugs and tide pods man.
Ffs the lanyard! I only just noticed, is there a way we could cover that up before some left-wingers ruin her life?
How high is that guy?
Fuck the wall. Nuke Mexico City! Oh, yeah.. also nuke Madrid.
America seems to be lost. Trump helps but there is just such a large number of lefty mental midgets, domestic degenerates and brain dead foreign mongrels for our nation to overcome. And 4:09 this guy was all three.
X-ray borders 
Leroy is an idiot.
A wall without security is worthless. And by security... I mean cameras, motion sensors, flyover drones, patrols, stations strategically placed, constant surveillance.

But... and here's the real issue....  if you have these things... why the fuck do you need a wall? And need I remind people the cost of that wall.

Also... people do realize that we aren't just going to let people die on the outside... right? 

Do people think that Illegals are going to smash into it and then just sit there... while we watch them die from the other side? A border patrol agent will go out and collect them... and we will be dealing with the same issues.

A wall... is fucking dumb...

It's an idea popular with people that haven't thought this issue through. 

This isn't a mongrel horde, this isn't a zombie army, it isn't an armed invading force. It is people seeking a better life.

And then when you add the fact that most illegals enter legally and simply outstay their welcome.... it's pretty fucking stupid to waste money on a wall.

The wall is for dummies.

It's okay to have been for the wall. I was, awhile back. It made sense. Then it doesn't make sense when you learn the facts.

Ignorance is okay. Willful ignorance isn't.
that guy saying there wont be any borders in the next 5-10 years is a total moron. more worrying is the fact he clearly thinks he's pretty clever
The guy is basically calling for fascism /totalitarianism....I can't believe how ignorant some people are.
That guy wants to be the governor of New Mexico? OMG that guy was dumb as hell. Amazing lack of self-awareness.
I bet this "Spanish" guy is a lizard....
So not one person a had any valid arguments against the wall and illegal immigration.
Ok so I know Americans are horrible for stretching their heritage but claiming Spanish from the 1550s?
I'm not mexican, I'm Spanish yeah, spanish my ass. Full indian looking guy.
Wait... Was Steven not wearing pants? xdd
"I'm not Mexican" yeah sure, that skin colour is obviously spanish and the amount of time his family has been near Mexico of course won't do anything to his ancestry
Absolute idiot that spanish dude (correction, future NM governor). His entire idea was 'Illegal immigrants need to legally enter the country'  then tax them.
wait dont secure it but do secure it??? Huh? and he wants to run for governor...?? LOL yeahhh well... okay then, why not? :D XD wow. no.
hmm its almost as if he was describing the process of some sore of legal immigration...
Ha ha Xray border that's hilarious
I don't think the border is the issue, I think the prevalence of welfare programs and the ease of tax evasion for illegals is the issue. If we really don't want illegals to get advantages over legal citizens then we should eliminate the taxes and welfare programs that we are forced to pay for against our will rather than spending more money on a massive wall. Support the solutions that would put money back in the hands of its rightful owners, the taxpayers, not the solutions that would allow the government to continue stealing from its citizens.
3.5% seems like a YUGE number, where's the source?
That Spanish guy is a real idiot. Really like a special kind.
These people should take the door off their house so we can come and go as we please if their for illegal immigration
Build the wall and if caught here again we just shoot you as a invader..screw. this playing nice bs with illegals
They would just use a rope, and more sea-trespassing would be given
That last mf was dumb as hell 
capitalism is the best system change my mind.
basically, it's untenable in every way. building walls divides us. building bridges brings us together.
still, i'm sure the millions of Native Americans slaughtered by foreign invaders might have agreed with building a 'Wall'. a little late for that though.
I respect the first lady's sentiments, but it seems to be an argument out of emotion. The second guy is a cloud cuckoolander
Leroy. Coming in hot... JENKINSSSSSSS
Less control with more control!?
"Socialism is for F*gs" Change my Mind--- You probably should wait until after Pride Month tho.
That ending lmao
Wall is too expensive
Leroy youre a dumb ass
PLEASE DO A TYT VIDEO
I'm against the wall because I don't think that it will have much of an effect but I could be wrong about that.
I am mainly against it because I think it could be used to keep you guys in instead of keeping the illegals out.
"Just make them a citizen! I don't know the criteria to do that, but..... just do it!" So simple in his head..............................
Let's tell Jeff Sessions about this X-ray Wall that the illegals can go through and automatically registered themselves! LOL The fools from the liberal left. lol
Wall or not, we need to protect the border and prevent illegals, enough already!
Was this guy coked up?
so many mentally deficient ppl, lacking critical thinking skills
Dont need a wall. Just a big fence. I think, combine drones, night-watch tools the boarder patrols and ... ok, if you think its cheeper or better build that wall.
Why would u want to build a war it isnt visible and wont be worth at all?
Once this guy has his family raped and murdered I bet 1000 bucks he changes his mind ...
Pablo needs to lay off the crack
that guy took 3 years to come up with the idea of an xray wall
Ha i actually know Leroy, he is actually a really good guy from New Mexico. People who say hes Mexican are dead wrong. Please forgive his crazy ideas like he said there just freethought not how he actually beleives things should be. He is a major pot head if you couldnt tell. Any way lots of new mexicans are spanish and have little to no ties to mexicans and most of the older generation New Mexicans i met while living there despise new arrival mexicans. themselves
Your face at the end says it all...
#buildthexraygate
The way white shirt guy talks is annoying, also he's a retard
The mexican guy is pretty much the face of leftism nowadays. Says a lot of big words, spread out over different topics but has trouble answering even simple questions or provide solutions for the very real problems we're facing. And can't stay and argue the topic if his life depended on it.
The Spanish-Mexican guy sounds like he's having a heart attack and he needs to hurry before his heart give in lol
Hi Steven! I am mexican and I really love this! That lady who sat first to discuss maybe onto something, maybe the wall is unnecessary, they'll keep going to the United States like nothing. I can see it as a symbol (and a really good one) but what Trump is not thinking is that pushing something to much is not the way to go. Just look what Obama did and it was working kinda right, he put money in the hands of the mexican government and we were doing the dirty work not letting all those people cross to there stopping them in our south border without anybody making a hiss. But now we have all these leftist trying to help the scum from south america because "mah pipo" using childs as leverage for their propaganda. I can not emphasize how much I hate those people, they are just scum, they are criminals, they are dirty and now that I live somewhat next to the zone near the passage of "The Beast" train can see how fucked these peoples are.There may be good ones and a few exceptions but even my Grandpa being a working illegal immigrant there told me the same, they just like to make troubles, they are lazy, dirty, they steal and they kill for easy money because is not their land, nor their people, they have nothing to take care of. I support you, and what Donald Trump is doing for the security of your people, and I am waiting for the good of our countries that the new president (to be elected in just a few days) get to an agreement with yours to put an end to this. I'm just hoping for the best in the situation of that poor lady and the scum criminals in your country, god bless you and her and all your team. 

PS; TF was with that last dude? violating the privacy of citizens with "X-ray" checkpoints? And to think they try to advocate for those working immigrants. LOL.
God help us.
Human races are no different than dog breeds, and the different ethnic groups are born with innate and immutable characteristics just like the different types of birds, frogs, trees, deer, horses, rabbits, and most other species. The Third World is the Third World for a reason, and sub-Saharan Africans, and so called "Native Americans" never had a written language and were unable to harness the use of the wheel.  Both of these groups are primitive people who would still be stuck in the Seventh century if it wasn't for European intervention.  I don't mean to be harsh; it's just the way it is.

  Europeans, East Asians, and Jews run the world for a reason, and the idea that you can simply replace America's predominantly European population with any "Third World" population and expect it to remain a First World republic is utterly absurd.
Do a part 2 of this please!
Scraping the barrel with that guy Steven. Just because you can upload, doesn't mean you should.
Listening to these people is TORTURE!! Steven you are the most patient guy ever!
Perhaps a time-travel border would be better, so he can go back in time a few days to think his argument through.
how would a wall hurt anything, it opens up jobs and keeps illegal people out like cmon
That guy is a dip shit.  He wants to set up an x ray like the tsa. God help us...
I wish you brought the statistics so you have them on deck all the time for the argument you're defending at hand
That look at the end was priceless! Love this series keep it up. You guys are awesome.
The Spanish guy Hes trolling so hard
Spanish guy is describing The Mark Of The Beast.....and a very Orwellian, repressive  world....and he doesn't even realize it.  Also having no borders is what the globalist Elite want so they can wipe out any forms of nationalistic culture and ideals so they then become all those things. Just more cultural-Marxism trope he learned at these Indoctrination Centers that used to be known as universities.
WTF, where did you get these retards from man
What is the deal with the weird white church van and why does that lady have a fucking plant in a bottle.
"Force-microchipping everybody is better than a physical wall because it makes us all freer." - Change my mind.
Did anybody else think that the Spanish guy, Leroy, was going to have something valuable to say just because he had the camera as if he was a master debater? Maybe hes spends more time mastur...
That dude with the backpack, Leroy. Holy shit. First,  you cant tax what doesnt exist, so thats out.

Yeah we should have a scanner system with a number system! Maybe we could have it on their wris....oh dear.

Well an xray could show us their heritage to figure out if theyre illegal yet. Make sure theyre the right rac...oh boy.

Well we need them to pay taxes, so we need to round the illegals up, and keep them in a holding area. Like a cam....oh jeez.

Well we could have them complete a series of manuscripts on why they want to be citizens, like a kind of diar....sh*t.

Every proposition that dude had was easily more inhumane than just having a wall, and they all go back.
build a wall around leroy please.just to protect us from his ideas.
Capitalism Is Good - Change My Mind
I love this lady..
..."...scientifical...".  Lol
I can never look at you the same since you were completely outclassed by Yusuf, not only did you resort to intimidation but you tried playing the crowd  to your side by making false accusations and jokes. You clearly pick the lowest fruit hanging from the tree for these to make your self feel better
X ray boarders is my favorite new sentence 
Change my mind
#BuildTheWall
"Make them citizens and tax them" - What a great solution.......
What the hell was that leroy guy smoking ?! Gotta be the most stupid border proposal ever 
There can be many rational points against the wall, if the budget for the wall is over 20 billion dollars and there is still gonna be a way to get across the border
For the commenters who ridicule Leroys claim that he is Spanish; the Hispanic residents of northern New Mexico have identified themselves as Spanish Americans for a long time, in part to distinguish themselves from Mexicans who have immigrated to the U.S. (legally and illegally) since 1848. The ancestors of the Spanish Americans have lived  there since the time of the Spanish Empire, as far back as the late 1600s. They were briefly citizens of Mexico, from 1821 - when Mexico won independence from Spain - until the end of the Mexican-American War in 1848. They became American citizens per the terms of the treaty that ended that war.

When I lived in New Mexico, most Spanish Americans I talked to were proud of their heritage and held disparaging attitudes toward Mexicans in general. They did not want their traditions to be subsumed into the culture of the new immigrants, and they were not in favor of illegal immigration at all. Unless their attitudes have changed drastically in the last twenty years, I would assume Leroys opinions are not necessarily representative of Spanish Americans as a whole.
There's at least 1 bad hombre in this video.
for me to form a "blatant" thought i would need a team of geniuses???? fuck i love the retarded mexican guy too funny
I don't agree with the wall but more because from the stats I've seen way to many illegals are in the US by overstaying on expired visas. These are people that most likely flew into the country and walls aren't all that effective against planes  and those that are that desperate to cross on foot will find away to climb, dig under or break through a wall that is too long to be watched at all times. Also leads to migrants making more dangerous risks. I live in the U K and we have miles of fucking oceans for a wall and yet a retarded amount of illegal immigrants. Drug runners will always find a way, that is just fact, I've heard of some using fucking submarines to get coke into the US so I don't think the smuggling argument for a wall is valid. I think the best solutions are streamlining the legal immigration process, maybe allowing entry for workers under a temporary social security while their permanent entrance is being processed with the likes of housing benefits and being tightly restricted until citizenship has been established . Secondly far harsher penalties for companies employing illegals. 
Like I said I'm English not amercian so genuinely curious what people think of these ideas and if something similar is already in effect
Mayor huh?
I dont think we should build the wall. It would be a huge waste of money. Wouldnt stop them since most illegal immigrants dont cross that. Many of them come in with visas and over stay their welcome.
What a moron he's going to be the governor Santa Fe
X-ray border. GGAAAYYYY.
' i need them to come here legally, but don't want a wall' ...bitch, shoot yourself in the face today please
Your second guest was an example of who your first guest  wants to report/deport. Hahahaha...and he is a really, really anti-smart.
Was there more to this video?
Man I would've loved to sit down with you and discuss this topic. Could you maybe do this at a college campus where people have at least half a brain?
What is that accent Leroy has?
Pay taxes? Social security number? No border? Well if he's an example of the people who believe in this. He's an assclown who wants to be a governor?  Just stop...I hate thinking that they think there American.
Imagine a castle with no gate, no walls, and no guards/protection, just think about it.
@ 04:36-04:39 ......
...say what 
Go live in China they got a camera everywhere to see what the citizens are doing
They're not sending their best.

That Mexican kid was a fucking dolt 
One of the stupidest mistakes of our times is treating criminals as if they are innocent bystanders.

Someone crosses the border ILLEGALLY, gets treated better than citizens in Europe. Mexicans get into U.S. ILLEGALLY people start to cry that we didn't accommodate them in 5-star hotels. Someone goes to jail for being a drug kingpin, people constantly address her as a kind, loving and warm-blooded grandma.

By encouraging those who break the law, you are ruining the life of any law-abiding human being. i.e : I have been waiting 3 years for my screening process to get into a third country while filthy thugs get into Europe daily and get paid for sitting at home being lazy slobs. If you treat those who break the rules better than those who follow them, you are a piece of shit. Your motives are irrelevant. You are willingly making the world a shittier place by promoting lawlessness.
Love the change my mind !!
Wish the videos were longer !
No border, no walls, and no access point(A.K.A. Port of entry)...  How do we know who comes in and out???  What about the people who can not walk across the southern border of America? How is that fair for other nationals who are not from south American countries?  Are they suppose to swim across the Pacific or Atlantic ocean???  What about the people who's been waiting for years to get a visa to come to the United States?  It's like shopping at Best buy on Black friday to get a deal by waiting inline getting cold and wet for 10 hours to get in but some Axxhole cut in front of 100 people....   Wow.  Food for thought.
that was the dumbest shit I ever listened to. wtf. xray gate
Points chowder did not argue against.
Wall will not stop illegal immigration.
The drug problems we face are not because of Mexico.
What to do after illegal immigration persist after the wall.

Nor does he take into account that 70% of guns confiscated from the Mexican cartel were smuggled out of the US through proper border security.

Pro gun
Pro strict immigration laws
This is the best conversation you had all day?
Lmfao. I couldn't even watch the conversation with Leroy the Spanish. It was just too cringe. Had to skip past it.
That wall just got 10ft higher BELIEVE ME!!!!
Hillary : We should build a barrier 
people : yaaaayyyyyyy

Trump : We should build a wall
people : noooooooooo

I guess it all comes back to the terminology eh...
That last dude had no brain cells. My god just think long term for more then .2 seconds before you speak bro.
People in the comments, help!
I always hear people say: but the wall will not stop the (illigal) immigrants. Most of them say that they enter through planes? Is this true and please cite sources. Thx in advance.
So instead of a wall he wants everyone to be microchipped and constantly tracked? And there to be airport security like checkpoints everywhere?

Talk about progressive.
We don't need a wall since Trump's going to make real Adeptus Astartes.  Just get some pre-Heresy Night Lords on this.
And you wonder where the term Libtard comes from?
I think someone has watched Total Recall recently 
Sex trafficking, drug trafficking, crime at disproportionate levels... why wouldnt you build a wall??? Borders are important. If you make everyone who illegally enters the US a legal citizen, the numbers of people flooding in will swell uncontrollably. A vast majority will not find jobs and will go on welfare, and the level of welfare being paid will be unsustainable, the same as it is in the UK and Australia. Bleeding heart policies are impractical, but when it comes to the left, nothing matters except their  domination of the moral high ground. When the consequences start to affect them personally though, it is then, and only then, that it dawns on them that their naive, feel-good sentimentality might have been misplaced.
3:17 
How high was that young man?
Could not finish, too, much, stupidity.... From both the woman and the guy.....jesus christ america is fucked xDD
I think we just need a robot army armed with lasers to melt people that dont come here legally
Please do Im communist - Change My Mind 

like if agree
Man the talk show guy or whatever is high af
What an epic fail lol.  The two people arguing against the wall say 1) I don't want the wall but please get rid of the illegals they're putting my life in danger and 2) I don't think we should have a wall but I do think we should have a way to control how people are coming in.  Mike Judge's Idiocracy
I really like the Mexican woman a lot more than I enjoyed Leroy because Leroy sounded like a fucking retard
An expensive wall with expensive security. Sounds very ideal.




Sarcasm*
Whos paying for this X-ray border lmao
I demand a redo of this change my mind segment! Crowder, i know this guy must've been the only guy to sit down, but really? I love an intelligent debate. But this was far from it. Poor guy just advocated a "wall," and a "gate." Poorly argued your own point, and then walked off like he had made a victory. No, Crowder, no... fix this asap! My brain needs a remedy! Lol
I've never seen Steven Crowder look as worried as when Leroy left the booth.
Leroy needs medication.
That dude's speech pattern was really odd.
well that was a 13 minutes and 44 seconds im not getting back
sorry for my english, im spanish not mexican
Morons.
BIG BROTHER IS WATCHING YOU
That one dude literally wants to tag people....
This guy is a perfect example of how fucking ignorant is culture is oh my God this guy's a fucking idiot just listen to him Babel he makes no sense
I know two illegals that got DUIs, caught with lots of cocaine, and theyve been allowed to stay. And they KEEP getting in trouble with the law.
No borders this country was founded by immigrants, built by immigrants, and is made up of people from different ethnicities and backgrounds and thats what makes it so great. As a society we have to all come together and just love and respect one another no matter where were from and knock down all these classes and borders and things that separate us. Can we just be human beings? Can we just co exist? Its not that hard.
So that second guy wants to either imprison illegal immigrants and detain them until they pass the citizenship application/test or hunt them down and inject an rfid tag with their personal information into them. That sounds way worse then death or deportation.
There is no way he is gonna be governor of New Mexico haha
I don't support the wall for one reason the cost to build it. They're going to get in one way or another. Just like a heroin Junkie trying to find heroin. The Junkie will find its drug of choice.
Build The Wall and take America back before it is too late.
"Tax immigrants" ...Well, that's kinda what happens when they come in LEGALLY and find a JOB. What a fucken idiot.
This guy deserves a medal  he went full retard
That Spanish asshole was so dumb it actually gave me a headache.
Oh yeah  why only a wall try      arrows , bows ,horses ,elephants and cannons to stop 'em. Get medival on their asses.
...That guy in the white shirt has worms in he's brain....like put that man in a straight jacket or somthing, holy shit! my mind is totally scrambled in he's incoherent rambling.
Ok so I'd be for the Wall, under one condition. The issue is drugs correct? Illegal Immigrants doing bad shit, so how about this, all immigrants are welcome to the U.S. if they speak both Spanish and English because I believe the U.S. should be a Spanish and English Dominant Country. Also they must know the laws of the U.S. So what would be the major catch right? The mother and children will become U.S. citizens right away granted the child goes to school and keeps up a 2.7 of higher G.P.A., and the mother is responsible for that child's education and the mother and children will be supported up to a certain decided extent complete with housing and groceries and internet etc... However all male immigrants over the age of 17 and fathers will begin working on cleaning up the U.S., basically hard labor and community service, they will be able to go home to see their families but must return to work as scheduled, they will not get paid, they will only be supported. If too many days is missed or they quit, there will be a warning and then a 2nd time with no reasonable explanation will result in prison time. (Anyone who has seen me comment before knows I want inmates to start working on cleaning up the environment in chain gangs, anyone who escapes will be put down even if caught again). Immigrants who start trouble such as drug dealing or starting fights or stealing and etc... Will automatically be put down as there is no longer a reason to do those things as they would receive housing, free school up to an associates degree, free  groceries up to a certain extent and free internet, absolutely no reason for criminal activity. Those who don't agree with me, while ya the fathers and men get the shit end of the stick, look their new generation is the one awarded and the U.S. environment could use more trees and less trash. As it is, population is too high, so I believe many criminals need to be put down. Me being an animal lover, even I understand that some violent dogs need to be put down. I feel the same needs to be done with man kind. Anyone harboring criminals including drug lords should be imprisoned and will be put down unless interrogation was non-cooperative. In other words no more criminal action!
Theres already a large fence, will changing metal for concrete make a difference???
Generally curios, now many illigals make it to america over the fence rather than just sneaking in vans and such or going round using the ocean
The second guy is hilarious  
New Mexico say hello to your next governor, Leroy!
90% of heroin in the U.S. and Canada comes from Mexico. How does it get here? The fact that we could drastically cut down on drugs coming across the border and human trafficking that results should be enough to build the wall
This guy at 8:00 doesn't realize that illegal immigrants don't want to pay taxes
Why dont we just purchase Mexico and make it into 3 or 4 new states!! Takes care of immigration and save money on a wall we wont need! Clean up the cartels and make the new Mexican states tropical paradises for tourism! BOOM

With immigration being in the forefront of politics and the fact that the Mexican people are fleeing in the thousands daily, we have only one way to correct the whole situation! Purchase Mexico without a war or take over, make all Mexicans naturalized citizens, forget the wall, use that money to start fixing the infrastructure of major cities, create jobs using the peoples already quality abilities and pay them decent living wages! Everything will take care of itself!
He's literally describing border control.. idiot! No borders but border control! Moron!!
He's a free thinker.
No point. You think a wall is going to stop anyone? Has it ever stopped anyone in the past? Of course not, there are boats and planes ever heard of those? I surprised your for that wall Steven, I mostly agree with what you cover but the whole wall thing is laughable. People will climb over it, dig under it, fly over it, or drift around it. Cmon. Well we'll see won't we. We will look at the figures once the wall has been built. My prediction, immigration will increase.
5:10 that guy looks Mexican, why doesn't he own up to it? He doesn't look Spanish (white) at all. Sad!
This world is fucked and divided
Qu Pendejo
Aliens are real.
Change my mind.
I loved that video where Joe Rogan made you cry like a little bitch
Why do u choose to interview the most ignorant people possible on this topic. Making the defensive side of this topic look clueless.
Haha his look after Leeroy left
I used to live in the Philippines, there are a lot of drunks. Leroy is drunk.
wut about the poverty families who like. Want a better life? Not even Mexico but all of Central America? Its a ganged up shithole down there. But yeah.. they might bring their crime here so.. no one wins.. someones getting shot..
Is this guy out of his fucking mind? He wants us all to be tagged like cattle.
Ummmm yeah !   That just happened ? I wish more people would have stepped up and had the conversation instead of screaming profanities from a moving vehicle.  Good attempt but i guess no one really had a good argument against the wall.  .
Were there people yelling in the background?
My opinion is that we should yes build the wall. But if we build the wall we must make it more affordable to be a citizen. Building the wall will lower illegal immigration and those who wish to migrate to the US, have more of an opportunity to become citizens. If people wish to come to the US they should do it legally and correctly and it should be fair and affordable because sometimes people just wouldn't be able to afford it. What's your guys' input? What do you think about my idea and what do you think could be improved etc.
f
As soon as a I heard that Leroy dude talk I wanted to stop listening to him immediately
If I start getting taxed for an x-ray radioactive scanner wall, Im gonna be pissed
I'm sorry, this guy made my brain numb when I tried making sense of his "X-Ray fence".
Hey at least he was nice unlike the foul mouth millennials earlier in the video.
Hey steven, i wanted to know where you get your statistics from exactly? It seems like the area at which you get your information from is very reliable and updated. I want to know so i can be educated on your view points for possible future discussions i may have or just to be simply educated on the same views you look at.
His stupidity is obvious and it hurts me to watch him speak. Maybe spend some time researching what you think you believe and stop basing your beliefs off of your own skin color.
The second guy needs some adhd meds or something
Spanish guy was talking out of his ass
Mexican dude is so obviously low IQ
That second dude was annoying as hell. Ends every sentence with "-uh".
I love these skids. Amazing how the people who get a free rides always have a problem with border protection.
God it hurts my brain to hear the Mexican dude try to sound smart
Holy shit who the hell watches that guys show? Hes terrible. At least on this.
This guy puts a vowel at the end of every word, whether it belongs there or not.
They arr selling drugsuh
The white tshit guy is so full of shit. like not every contry can get some fuckimg x-ray scanners that scan every person who walks through. And even if you had the scaner its incredibly hard to chip every single person especially people from 3rd world countrys. "Not stating that mexico is a third world country." Because im to lazy to research
funny no one wanted to talk about the wall just yell  insults
....i dont know
Yeah, great base for arguing. Maybe inform yourself before shitting your stupid ideas into the world, moron...
I never understood why these people even bother.. I agree with your points but if I see someone sat down with cameras waiting for a debate there is no fucking way i'm stopping my shopping to try ! Coming from an unprepared scenario to argue with someone fully prepared lol!
Wow its so hard to counter Stevens arguments.
Ahm, could it be the fact that if u arent alloud to legali work, that u start doing illegal "work", like crimes? And why should a country that is completely build up by Spanish immigrants suddenly stop to let their "sister and brothers"  immigrat? I mean the only ones which realy owned ur country where slautert? What if thes guys suddenly dont want y all? Well I guess thats a thing that never happens after a genocide....
Second guy should write a science-fiction book. X-ray robots scanning people on a border. 
Omg xray border? Wtf do he think everyone is born with a rfid chip lol. Well obviously in order to execute his plan, you would need a big ass wall and at the entrances you have doctors chipping people to keep track of them in the country. So he is not only for the wall but also no privacy at all. And he talk about wanting to go into official government position, damn he is to stupid sorry bud lol
Yesah ohah. Imah spanichah. Don't speed upuh.
#gogreenglobal
Baffles me when ordinary people talk of open borders as some sort of utopia - when infact it's just the globalisation of poverty. Richest 1% is laughing their asses off.
This entire topic gives me a headache
Retina scanning is the way I'd do it, both eyes and dna samples for the database
Holy fuck that "Spanish" guy is low IQ
That second guy is lying for sure(moron)..that first lady was more confused, but a nice lady
5:14 Yo that's what's up. NEW Mexico for the win
This guy is literally retarded.
In my opinion, the only valid argument against the wall is its potential ineffectivity and the costs related to it.
Why you do dis? Next time spare me the brain cell loss that I had to got through listening to that guy-uh! Its was really annoying-uh! Now hes got me talking like this-uh!
Mexicans are native Americans. Whites immigrated. Mexico is native word in the Nhuattle language. Walls are built to keep people in, not out. Remember the Berlin Wall.
Build one around Canada two
Who's ready for the space force 
6:20
"What percentage do you think commit crimes?"
Literally 100% of illegal immigrants are criminals. If you cross the border illegally you have broken the law.
It's very simple.
Leroy as a Dungeons&Dragons player would be the type that tries to take over the Dungeon Master's story, making up a bunch of shit to make his character, who is also called Leroy, look awesome and the whole frickin' fantasy realm revolves around him and his unicorn-riding superhot princess girlfriend who can't get enough of his demon-slaying dragon dick which needs its own separate Strength score because it's the buffest part of his ripped body by far.
That guy was hilarious! These videos are always interesting. I disagree with almost all of the talking points, but it's still a pleasure to watch. That being said, a wall wouldn't change anything except put a big hole in everyone's wallet, because Mexico sure as hell isn't paying for it. They can tunnel underneath and we would still have to post similar numbers of border patrols. Yeah, lets build a big ass wall that actually ends up hurting tax-paying Americans. Great plan. It's funny how people on the right can't understand how the government would get the money to make colleges tuition free, but when it comes to a wall, all of the sudden we have all the money in the world to spare. The government need to take some of the money in our defense budget as well as the money that would've went to a wall and pump it all right into education. Its becoming more and more obvious every day how much Americans truly need it.
Lol build wall soon
Congrats on 2 million. I think someone found your kryptonite, say   things.  Lol
Dont build the wall




Shoot the border crossers on spot
The wall is stupid.  An armed border drone like on babylon ad would be better.
Hey, so a suggestion, Im unsure if its worth trying, but do something about the fake wage gap?
Holy shit, uninformed people with idealistic opinions talking garbage...
Home is a pen. Humanity are cattle.
These people barely have an education... why dont you talk about this at a college? Hmmmm
Aren't sanctuary cities and states a 10th amendment issue?? Just defund them and let them suffer the consequences.
In my opinion you should have censored the Woman Better. The People who she's afraid of will still recognize her...
I know you don't have to legally and I get that you didn't but she might be in danger now.

Please don't tell Trump about the x-ray border.
That would be expensive.
When the knee jerk emotional impressions of muh racism and muh Trump rhetoric are dispelled, its literally almost impossible to dispute the argument for a wall unless you just want to argue for open borders
Why hasn't anybody proposed to the US to just annex those problem causing central American countries ?
This guy is just a waste of time
X-ray wall not a bad idea but think about this...
Why not just have a fucking force field?  ive got to Write this one down!
That boy wants to irradiate people with x-rays at fucking random to bone scan ID illegals who will be pouring in from everywhere costing hundreds of billions in salary and medical equipment fees.... but he doesn't want to pay 30 billion for a simple wall.
The last guy was an idiot!
"I'm not mexican I'm spanish, my family moved here in the 1550's"

LMAO
So deluded
Wow! What a moron.
Would have to speak to some Computer Engineers, hahahah how fucking delusional is this guy?
That "Spanish" guy who sat down and talked with you, is not only a moron, but also a tweeker.
Build the wall?

Build the wall.
For the love of God build the wall and deport Leroy. We already have enough stupid in this country, we don't more of it.
I swear the Spanish guy is high on something... 
You guys are fuckin idiots if you think a physical wall will stop anything. I actually liked Crowder but he supports this BS. Documentaries with mexican cartels show them saying to go ahead and build the wall, because thats not how they transport drugs or people. They use american people to do it. Citizens. The reason people flee mexico is because violence, and lack of money and gov help. Violence comes from cartels, cartels come from lack of money so they make money off american junkies that need their meth. And the mexican government is corrupt as shit. Fix the drug issue here in the US. Cartels wont make money off of drugs, no more cartel, no more violence, no more corruption from cartels paying off cops and politicians, and people wont flee mexico for a better life. Some cartels provide for their towns, so thats why some towns support them. Because they help. We dont need a physical wall, that wont stop them. Find another solution to the immigration issue. Its mostly racists who want to keep immigrants out anyways. Its the same people who get upset if you talk spanish around them
I think you've changed my mind. Build the wall
That mexican guy saying he plans on being the gobernor of new mexico with his idea of an "X ray wall" is too funny.
I think Mexico needs held responsible. Id make them pay for allowing illegal entry into United States of each illegal that comes here. Considering the resources we use. Not fair play.
im writing from mexico , we need to deport your fucking companies back to your countries who keep coming to mexico and south america for cheap labor and let OUR own industry flourisn , (we've been doing your shit,cars, electronics,etc for less than half price for the last decades)for all those who dont know shit of whats going on ,your corrupt ass US govt and megacorporations are in bed with our corrupt ass govt they make sure to keep wages low here so you can all get cheap shit . So our ppl suffer because of it and the less educated (who are the ones that end up in USA) immigrate. You want cheap shit well then there are consequences like ppl who cant make a living in the country you are vampiring and going to your country illegaly. and so they go to your country just to get treated like shit. You ppl are ignorant instead of attacking the greedy ass companies who you can regulate you attck poor ppl who are fighting for crumbs and are victims of circumstance. So when you say build the wall and mexico you pay for it i say FUCK YOU just take your shitty badly paid companies back. Assholes the whole lot of you... well not the wholelot some of you are ok in my book, the smart ones
Can we redo this one on a college campus?
This wall building shit is stupid, think about it why would America completely ditch the foundation of the country and resort to medival strategies to keep their taxpayers out?? Like wtf?!?!?
PARIS IS BURNING!
So I agree with  The wall idea because last I knew when I was driving back-and-forth to El Paso from Albuquerque there's been a sign on the border stating that New Mexico was going to be reclaimed by Mexicans because it was wrongfully taken.I do not agree with at legals coming over mainly because I have encountered issues with certain illegals. I do not think we should have any sanctuary cities for that is act of treason to say that another country citizen is more important then the citizen of their own country is treasonous So you will not change my mind on border security there has been too many people whom have lived in New Mexico as an illegal and never got their papers at the opportune time Instead they waited 18 years to get their papers and how that was allowed I don't know. Also my brother's grandmother  was upset that someone could have the audacity to think this this was ok and not a shameful act to come to this country and fill entitled to it after all she had to come here legally from Mexico My mother was hit by an illegal allien in a automobile accident with no driver's license no insurance so yes its a growing pandemic.
he's from go green global so hes words dont surprise me
Leroy for president.
I really dont get the conservative position on the border wall. Most illegal immigration comes through the air and water (with people overstaying their green cards) so the wall is more a symbolic gesture.
But what conservative would support spending atleast $10 billion on symbolism?? This is an extreme misuse of government and more a leftist stance. If you want better border security why not spend the $10 billion on actual better security instead of wasting it on good feelings.
Facts dont care about your feelings, and the fact is the border wall is just a huge waste of money.
Haha Crowder just gives up and lets him talk after he proposes his Xray border.
Just tax them? What an idiot!
I can guarantee you that the guy in the white shirt is not a Spaniard. Sure, he might be mixed, but he is definitely of Mexican heritage or descent.
Freeloader here!
#Basic IQ test for the right to vote.
You start to give all theses people citizenship while not taking into account that they will start to vote democrat and continue to destroy this country for everyone.
not dismissing the idea just trying to pick a side but im a little on edge. you want to build a wall but we dont have the money for it. they are saying make mexico pay for it but i doubt they will do so willingly. so what do you want to do? make them pay by force?
Would you ever change your mind....ever.
And this are the average citizens. No wonder schools are failing and people are electing for Democrats.
Imagine being Mexico, and millions of your citizens want to GTFO.
I get what Leroy was trying to suggest, seems like an idea,  but as he admitted, he isn't smart enough to make it applicable to the real world.  Also Steven, a great one for when people say "a wall won't work": Hungary has dropped illegal immigration to almost 0 with their wall
Youtube unclicked the bell for me. So thanks youtube. So when i repress it, it shows pressed for moment then unclicks. Checked another channel it just this channel.
Not even hiding your racism now
When the first guy said his family has been in New Mexico since the 1550s
Strawman argument but editing in the dumbest responses
13:42 Hey ! I'm Scottish: it's my cultural tradition to be a cheap prick.
So that guys solution to illegal immigration is a process to become a citizen?.....thats a special kind of stupid....they are avoiding that existing system hence illegal immigrants smh
You should do slavery was a choice change my mind
Im against the wall only because people who do try to get here legally takes way too long and by the time they are able to come to the United States legally, most people cross the border for better lives, and try to get away from that and give opportunities to their children I wish they can just make legally coming to the USA faster
BUILD THAT WALL STRONG AND HIGH!
Everyone should have barcodes on there arms so we can track them!
My God, these people are stupid. If you remove borders and allow anyone in, the whole third world will move here. No one wants to live in a shithole country.
And his solution is tagging everyone?
Mexico has a wall all along their southern border, and they stay busy deporting illegals, why can't we have our own tall, and beautiful wall, so we can keep our country safe?
The wall just needs to go up already. Illegals need to be kicked back over the rio grande, and if they want to come back, they can apply for their citizenship, pay their taxes and we will all be fine. fucking pieces of shit
Just build a wall and problem solved
I was waiting for Leeroy to say something like:
"Eyyy well maybe like, we give them a stickurrrr or a badygggeee that dey wear, man. So we know dat dey came through the X Ray Machine, brooo!"
go green global... im going to stay FARRRRRR AWAY FROM THEM!!!!!!
Lmfao @ 10:11 "I would have to get like a few mastermind individuals"  SKETCH BOMB
"Build the wall with your ass!" 

So pathetic it made me laugh.
This guy is an absolute fruitloop and he is definitely on some kind of drugs.
Well, there is already a fence separating Mexico and the US until the Rio Grande River, you have thousands of border guards patrolling 24/7,especially in areas with dense population. I am just wondering how will the US government justify spending billions of dollars on something that frankly never worked throughout history? If you really want to eradicate illegal immigration, start with the countries from where these people are coming from, invest in them, open new jobs, create better live opportunities, and afterwards, you'll see a decrease in illegal immigration. The thing is, people always find ingenious ways to go around artificial boundaries, and I think the best example is the Berlin Wall.
My point is, this is a populist policy that doesn't have a predecessor in history (when it comes to it being successful). I am no lefty (God forbid) nor on the other side of the political spectrum, I am just being rational. Hope to hear your thoughts.
Spain should sue Leroy for defamation of (national) character.
It's so sad how dumb some Mexicans are.
Build the wall with your ass! 

Proof that liberals really dont know how labour is done
Does this guy think money grows on trees? 

X-ray wall... wtf
How to make illegals stop coming here? Don't let them get welfare, disability, or any benefits. Can't get legal? Can't get anything. Don't expect us WHO PAY TAXES to pay for your bullshit. I'm glad they're gonna get deported less economic stress
Americans just mad Mexico made it to the World Cup and the US didnt better luck next time US dont be so hurt btw we beat Germany 
That guy... What...
Build that wall fast 
Jesus Christ I can't watch this. These people can't even form coherent sentences.
Did you help that women move to another place ? I hope non of the illegal immigrants she's fearing watch this video cause she's very easy to identify.
5:00
I can't FUCKING STAND people (especially men) who inflect the end of their sentences upwards at the end as if they're posing a question
Nothing bothers me more than calling an immigrant illegal. Their action was illegal; undocumented immigrant is the accurate term. Building a wall wont solve the problem. Believe me, when people are desperate to escape their country they will find a way to enter. Why do people enter the US illegally? Because the process to come here legally is made nearly impossible. In addition, yall are aware that there are current undocumented immigrants that entered the US legally? Latin Americans arent the only undocumented immigrants so if Americans really want to prevent there from being undocumented immigrants, might as well create a dang dome around the US. lol
Seems like it's all out war with the left. They are just blatantly lying now about the Mexican children's living conditions and treatment. What can we do? They own the media and know they can tell people anything the want and people will eat it up like candy. They don't know it's poison candy the MSM is handing out. I think communist China has more truthful news than ours now.
The second guy was an idiot.  Taxing illegals? They already send their money back to Mexico.
Man that snitch lady is gonna be found in some ditch next week. Blurring her face won't help
11:35 im fucking dying
.......so let's just get the folks that came here ILLEGALLY to wear a handy electronic tracking device. Makes perfect sense. And he wants to be the governor.
Does anyone ever change their mind? I love this show, but I just thought about this.
I have tried to watch this. I really did. But that "Spanish" nub is either braindead, or full of drugs (watch his moves) and my braincells are commiting mass-suicide when trying to listen to him.
Have you considered environmental impact?
They all must go back... change my mind
x-ray gate? nice...
How high was that guy 
Illegals are an issue. There is no denying that. I couldn't go to Mexico legally for example. But I don't think a wall is the solution. Most illegals don't just walk over the border anyway. Not only would it NOT eliminate the problem, it'll create more problems. My tax money is going to fund this wall I don't support?
The wall is to expensive and people would still find a way around it
why is it only 10 min ? :(
Bruh you already know the second nigga trolling lmao
For real, 5 months In LA
And I could deport 60 plus people some of them stole game systems
Dealing drugs
Underhanded shit
Yet legal poor working ones I lived with hated those people too
Their fucking family almost 
And they worked their asses off for no money
Fucked up and fuck those people
keep him out 
Okay, but how the bloody hell are you even going to afford to build a wall that long. Its extremely expensive (close to 11$ billion, correct me if im wrong pls). Where is the money going to come from? It will most likely be added in your taxes. Why is no one addressing the financial difficulties about actually building a wall..
yes! Keep doing the "change my mind" bits it's real good stuff.
The wall is stupid. 
It will not help as much just a reform.
"i'm not mexican, i'm spanish, my family's been in mexico since 1550"
isn't that like, literally 90% of mexico? or america in general for that matter?
pretty sure that most of the population of the americas is immigrant from the old world, as most of the natives died to disease.
"...a few mastermind individuals..."
The second one doesn't want the wall to be biuld but rather total surveillance with his chip ID and x-rays^^
Is Steven aware he is a famous meme?
These are most likely the two most clueless people ever on change my mind 
That face SLAYED me, so good!
Drugza
Building the wall and keeping the illegals out would certainly keep these families together. 
Problem solved....
All I saw was an incredible amount of ignorance regarding illegal immigration, shows how the Dems/left have successfully muddied the waters to the extent people can no longer form intelligent opinions. I wish I didn't have to think this is deliberate.
Great topic. I hope there is a part 2 because this one was pretty dull.
The guy from New Mexico is so fucking illogical 
Leroy for New Mexico Governor lol.
Just a heads up for you guys...

When you see a person saying "boarders" instead of borders then it's a shill. It's by design.
Such a leftist answer: "Let's tax them."

off topic:
In California where I live, voters love voting for tax.
Weed was legalized with "tax" as the voter motivator.
Plastic bags are taxed, thanks to voters.
Cigarettes are insanely taxed.
Sounds like the guy should be in favour of a wall to keep the illegal immigrants out while simply making it a much quicker, easier, and cheaper process to legally immigrate.
Make a no mans land between Mexico n USA.. Hire thousands of snipers n allow them to shoot at sight.. Equip drones with guns and make online games to shoot illegals.. Children shudnt b excused..many legal mexicans are scared of these jllegals too.. They give a bad name to Mexico..
Do a I dont believe in gay marriage  thatf be very controversial and entertaining
Welcome the future governor of New Mexico! ....
Idiotic people are interviewed.

The wall is too expensive to build.  It shouldnt be built.  Why does the USA have the ability and right to have its currency as the world reserve currency??  Then it should allow easy immigration into the USA.
Scientifical
He didn't know what he is talking about
i don't get how there seems to be people that think you CAN'T go past the wall in any way whatsoever if it's build.
The wall is not practical, the only way they could truly prevent anyone from crossing with a wall if they go full Berlin Wall. I highly doubt thought the U.S. wants to put land mines because they will be scrutinized if one goes off and kills a child. Personally if the U.S. want to stop people from coming over from Latin America go full Middle East on them. Pull a Reagan and declare a War on drugs and declare that fighting the war on drugs involve fighting against the cartels. Dont worry we wont send our soldiers to fight them we will arm locals who might or might not be extremists so they can fight the cartels. There is a strong chance these newly formed militants may overthrow their government but hey thats not our problem. Hey but as long as no illegal aliens cross our border that new government is okay we me. Im not racist I just dont like these damn illegals taking jobs from good Americans.
An x-ray that reads your ID? Boi, that's gonna take a lot of x-ray machines to do so, also how can you trust that everyone will voluntarily show their ID and tell the truth of why they're going over the border
Well... Ask the people in israel if they would like to destroy the wall they have against Palestine and see what they will answer
GOVERNOR
O WOW
I agree with you on a lot of stuff but this no god gave us everything on this earth who is anybody to tell that they cant come here? Thats terrible
The second person, the guy, was somewhat hard to listen to do to the way he talked. I enjoyed the discussion, but like, his inflection was just awkward
That spanish guy is a moron.
So we have a built in chip with our numbers on it. Then put random checkpoints throughout the country to see where you are??? First of all. He just described something from the book of Revelations.  Second. That's so much worse then a wall would be. And probably more expensive and harder to control.
Smokes way too much weed.
Leroy: " Maybe we can have sharks with fricken lasers on their heads manning X-ray super walls to let everyone in"....
3:17. My look exactly after listening to the guy in white ramble about nonsense stuff.
I need a longer fix of change my mind, this is too short to fulfill my needs
Borders a thing of the past? Every country has one
So no to a wall, yes to the mark of the beast. Got it.
I wonder how Crowder kept a straight face with that guy.
Why do people get so offended by the concept of a wall, seriously why is it so horrible to have good border security. Trump said a big wall and a big door they can come in legally, whats bad about that?  People who object for border security should remove the locks from their house, and put up signs where they welcome any visitor day and night even if they themselves is not home.
No border walk but let's tag people like animals.
The guy has 100% enthusiasm 0% rational.
"Tax them" "make money off of them"

What the fuck are you feeding these people?
This first guy is thinking 30 years in the future lol
Steven Crowder only ever debates low IQ/low info leftists. Once he starts getting his ass handed to him by people who are smarter or further to the right than him, he cuts them off, interrupts, then kicks them off the set. Change my mind goy.
Im from New Mexico and the guy from here embarrasses me, he is delusional and a fool.
good lord these people are slow. the New Mexican guy must be completely baked
boy, i'm glad he considers himself Spanish, even though his bloodline definitely yells INDIO, otherwise he'd give us Mexicans  a bad name. really, his solution is to tax the shit out of poor people trying to eke a living? wow. what's next put a micro-chip in them too? idiot. it looks like this youtube channel filters out the interviews and only airs the ones that make the interviewer the smartest of the debaters. you can deny it all you want, but it's too obvious. kind of like FOX news.
Lots of dud interviews.
The Wall is dumb.
I'm quite positive I lost brain cells listening to these people.
What in the world is the future governor of new mexico talking about?
America first muthafuckas!!!!!! Protect your home first!
Trump is racist and misogynistic change my mind
Find someone who is actually againts the wall and educated on this topic and not telling fairy tales
Pretty sure there already is a wall at the border
I like how the people are willing to discuss it.
X Ray Border? shit why not.      Still want a 70ft wall though
Do this one again
Its going to be expensive many estimate it to be like in the billions and on top of that the money coming in to maintain it
First stevencrowder video i watch... Question, does Steven actually support the "building the wall" idea or is he playing devils advocate? , btw that Leroy guy is out of his mind lol "x-ray wall"
Comment secton s fcked p rght now.  Yote s roken.
Liberals are simple to understand.  They go around in circles when they try to present their case. So as long as you understand that youre good to go! 
That blurred out woman at the start holding the flower vase like a drink
This guy has clearly never read Machiavellis The Prince.
this sucked
X-RAY BOARDER  =  WALL.  I know they mean well, BUtt, they gave not a clue..
https://www.cato.org/publications/immigration-research-policy-brief/criminal-immigrants-texas-illegal-immigrant
LOL! I would do anything to have a discussion with you in the streets, especially concerning this topic, but I won't be picky. Will you ever come by Brooklyn NY for one of these events?
just put an x ray wall, problem solved
Just shoot them.  After the first few hundred get popped the flood will become a trickle.
meh lame what a couple o tards
Why isn't this video as long as the rest of them? I find that really suspicious. I was hoping to see something around 1 hour long.
That dumbass zoolander Liroy :D "Just tax em!" "I want to build schools for boys who want to read good and do other things good too".
And like Crowder eventually points out, how do you tax them when you don't know they are there? :D
Also, X-ray border lmfao
America goes thru way more dirty shit and people worry bout building a wall , just cut the borders and let everyone roam freely theres no problem with that yall white people just stingy lol
"Build the wall with your ass, bitch!"
2000 mile long X-ray border that tags locations of illegals after they enter...
I can never quite tell if this guy is playing devils advocate or actually holds true what he says. Hes a damn good actor if he doesnt
IS THAT POGO MUSIC IN THE BACKGROUND???
"Scientifical", haha!
Steven what about blacks doing killing and selling drugs they're  more killings and drugs in the black community what are you going to do about that
I believe there are 3 key points to argue here:
1. Cost.
2. Effectiveness.
3. Perception.

Unfortunately, this video's attempt at a debate was disappointing (to put it politely).

Perhaps the bigger problem with these impromptu debates is that it heavily favors the host, because as the host, you are the only one who was given time to prepare. Showing a bunch of people flipping you off or yelling at you is great for entertainment value, but it should not validate your position in any way unless you are debating whether or not people can be assholes.

Best of luck with future debates. I'll probably watch a couple more, but please screen your contestants better or it just comes off as a predator-prey trap. Thanks.
Steve...you wasted too much time on "Senor-Le Leroy." You only had 2 people come up to you?
If you say to me you are pro illegal immigration then I will give you one chance to retract. If you don't then you are getting kicked out of my home. I'm not lying.
Seems like a huge waste of money with little benefit in my opinion
Xray boarders? Mark of the beast
Seems like most people are for a wall, but just say they arent because...fuck Trump
Rought time for that buhl
Wow
I knew Crowder was sort of an idiot but after this change my mind I know for a fact he is. Instead of being a productive and effective speaker crowder goes for the arrogant Im right and your wrong tone of voice which highly ineffective. Also has no understanding of what makes America so powerful, its the cheap labor and opportunistic taking advantage of uninformed people. So now all of a sudden you want to build a wall? Now that America is well established and the bridges and buildings are built? Railroads etc... from the Irish, chinese, Africans, and the more recent Mexicans.. cant take back all the hard work that built this country. The least we can do is be grateful and appreciative.
Lmao that dude doesn't even look castizo, let alone Spanish.
1000 miles of wall is a lot it would take over 3 times the amount of concrete as the hoover dam and since concrete needs to be reinforced with steel it would take about 5 billion pounds worth or steel and unlike the Hoover dam it has no financial Benefit, it will cost 10 times the amount as the estimated amount and that's not including maintenance cost it's a ridiculous waste of money and wouldn't even solve most of the immigration because most of them come over buy flights anyway, stupid Americans
The Internetz just became more stupid because of Leroy
The last guy is a mestizo from America his ancestors were from Spain and they obviously mixed with the natives a lot in America to create him. Mexican is not a race so he cant be one just because he looks like one and even culturally hes not Mexican because he said himself hes not from a Mexican family and he doesnt identify with being Mexican and rightfully so. If you want to be exactly correct hes an American by nationality and a mestizo by race. He should have never called himself Spanish. And people in the comments shouldnt be calling him Mexican.
How come it seems Crowder interviews people who don't know what they are talking about. Is it because it makes him look better or is it a situation where the most ignorant ones are the ones with the loudest voices? Like seriously, out of all the people who sat down we get to watch X-RAY border genius with his 3 mastermind team?
The x-ray idea made me think of Total Recall.
13mins long wtf
"Leroy" needs a GPS because he is driving lost. He is all over the map on this.
Holy shit that guy sounds like he's high af.
"Make sci-fi tech to let illegals in on purpose, then give them citizenship automatically so we can put them into debt with taxes.
Btw I'm going to run for governor for New Mexico."
73% of illegals are on multiple forms of government assistance.....taxing them lol!
" make"  them citizens lol! Alot dont want to be citizens. Umm... E- verify.... & fine the crap out of people hiring them. Not very bright
A wall is a bad idea but a giant x-ray machine that can somehow id anyone who crosses the border is good? Wot.
X-ray guy is high as hell..  holy crap.. and dumb as rocks.
You need a borer wall to that chair, those guys were dumb as mud.
Austin is retard city.
This guy is an idiot
Only cowards hide behind walls. Real men face the challenge.
the guy who is against the wall  want the mark of the beast for all.. an RFID hehhee dam kinda worst than a wall to me
BRO who is this dude with the white shirt? He's a comic. LOL
X Ray gate that can read your ID
If the Wall-project had a weekend working volunteer program I would sign up and help.
I don't believe LeRoy is his real name.
For somebody who thinks a lot, logically most of the time...but with this-I think youre as dumb as Trump after all. Just took my subscription back -
 To think you know people(or from?)  Canada. Shameful.
We need part 2
Make them citizens, then tax them like that wouldn't start a whole fucking equality debate, why don't we just chip them and put them in cages, well tbh some of them belong in cages and should be used as food for lions.
Poor guy at the end is an idiot.
Can u make these longer
Database-uh...
I love how the second guy doesn't want to build a wall but just wants everyone to have some kind of electronic marker (it almost sounds like he's talking about an implant) and then some sort of x-ray "wall" that automatically scans everyone coming in and scanners in cities that track your location.  How about some robot laser cannons that zap you if you commit a crime then bro? Sounds good to you too? Holy shit talk about dystopian future. :D
USA is officially the dumbest country
I'm against the wall because it's not worth the effort illegals don't just walk across the desert they usually use much more conventional methods like tunnels and using vehicles or just plain taking advantage of policy we really need to focus on the apprehension of illegals in the country already and fixing broken policies
Now, correct me if I am wrong. Mexico this week started its own EARTHQUAKE by so many people jumping up + down during a fucking soccer game and they CAN'T do anything about their shithole countries' crime and corruption problem? Why?
You're Spanish...your family has been in Mexico since 1550? Yeah, you're a Mexican.
Crowder's spooked look at the camera at the end. If ever a simple glance conveyed the message, "wtf ....", it was that one.
Why do they vote for the same things that made them flee their country?
Heres how I see the wall, imagine building a fence on your property (except in this case its massive and is a wall spanning across the country) back to the fence, okay so you take your fence and you spend money to keep out animals, criminals, neighbors, and to separate your property from others. 

Now continuing with this fence reference, if someone jumps over your fence into your lawn and starts destroying the grass or just walking around wouldnt you call the cops to kick them out?
Even though my mother (Cuban born) was an illegal immigrant (should of been legal the moment she made it to American soil at the same time her parents did while she was in diapers) I still say we need to build that wall. Only allow people in who come from countries who's government will kill them if they ever return just because they escaped their country. Like Cubans used to have before Obama. Now if an illegal immigrant Cuban gets caught in the US they are sent back just to be executed by the Cuban Military Police.
A tunnel will get you onto the other side of the wall.

change my mind
I'm against illegal  immigration, but the wall is unrealistic.
This is just stupid and umdermines all your other opinions.
Haha, he is NOT spaninsh
Mr Steven more lemon pledge
Steven Crowder: I support Trumps tax bill. I think dead billionaires and people with private jets are paying too much in taxes. Also SC: illegal immigrants making less than minimum wage dont pay enough taxes
Where are the Memes! Someone make this guy a star! He can be the governor of kekistan!
cross the border illegally  we tat a dick on your  forehead a big one with vains sack hairs then send you home
Why does the Mexican, ummm I mean Spanish guy (wink*wink*) add uh to the end of a lot of his words? So weird.

Edit: He seemed like he was a little slow.
>talks about a sci fi future 
> says 5-10 years
What the second guy suggested is literally worse than a border wall lol
Steven, how did you not laugh your ass off when talking to the second guy?
I want to say a couple things... First, I know its more of a kids movie, but I think you should breakdown the Incredibles 2. Second, I live near Idaho state university in Pocatello Idaho. I think you should have a change my mind there. Personally, I think talking about Islam/Muslims would be a good topic there. Please let me know what you think of my thoughts. God bless.
borders will become a thing of the past in 5-10 years.....what kind of fluffy stupid gay ass imaginary world do you live in?
Im down for the x ray scanner
we need x-ray scanner towers bro
The X-ray boarder is the key!
13:16 Why are we still here? Just to suffer?
Jesus Christ that 2nd guy
I don't think a wall is a good idea. 
Change my mind.
How dare you suggest building a wall!!! Let's build a massive cancer barrier and microchip everybody instead!!

Lmfao
I think that people who are here illegally, should be allowed to sign up for the US Military, and after serving 5 years in the military, they are granted citizenship.
b o I  g o t  a  p l a n t  I n  w a t t e r
He's very low IQ.
You sure spoke to some real winners on this one! If anyone is for illegal immigration, just have them listen to these idiots.... they'd quickly come to our side! 
Spaniard * not Spanish , Spanish is a language pendejo haha
Built A wall or build a town to help them out. to get out of war that is going on down there ... Can also get jobs up and running and give any person an aportunty to get back up from probs going on, need a lot of people to get it running though and cash :\ but i don't really know much, probably a stupid idea Cough Mexico and the US can pitch in to make it happen as one ... Yeah it's pretty stupid darn brain. That's what I would do if I were a president. ((I'll shut up now))
Dear America, how about you diminish YOUR criminality, THEN you can think about mexican criminality!
BAHAHAHA! An XRAY wall?!! What in the literal fuck?!!
Mufucker said scientifical....LMMFAO
You always choose people that don't know what they are talking about, and have not done the research. Also, when someone states an argument that you have no response for you change the topic. You are a good debater and you know how to create conservative propaganda. I want to see you debate against someone intelligent.
Build the X-Ray Wall !!!!!!

...fucking idiota!

He is why we need the wall
LADDERS
Second kid is stupid
Nice to see you doing change my mind videos again. These are the best.
This guy is an idiot, X-ray border????
until "everyone!" agrees to pay for utopia we wont have utopia
I would say that the wall shouldnt be built, because it would cost a large amount of money not only to build, but also to manage. I think Trump should come up with a better plan to stop illegals from entering.
that was pure stupidity in the flesh 100% no cut.
Jared at 11:45 lol
She was confused you fucking dick.  I used to respect your show.
LOL.
what the fuck.
I loved it.
Sorry but the dude with the camera was trying soooo hard to get his 2 brain cells to work together!
Why have a wall when the majority of illegal immigrants come by Plane?
Isn't South Africa a perfect case study as to the future of any border-less country?
My roots are Spanish ... from Spain ... hes not one of us for sure-uuuhhhh. Him or his x ray scanner.  Next time please provide drug tests prior to interviews.
Cos fantasy is so much better than reality! That guy is such a typical whim worship libtard.
I am FOR enforcing border security measures (I was a legal immigrant that went through a 12 year process to immigrate to the US, then another 5 year process to become a citizen), but it's very important to keep in mind why people "choose" to immigrate to the US, and I hope we can secure the country without losing our humanity and moral high ground.  
But I really hoped you had a more competent person to argue against building the wall, because this was just sad and you @StevenCrowder can do better than this.
Jesus Christ, that Leroy guy is incredibly retarded. How does he function in his daily life? I'm just shocked with his stupidity. 




Built that WALL already ffs!!
The wall is LARPing and will never be built. I'm more hard core than any of you on the invaders but I'm a realist. Trump is a showman who has duped you into a pointless and empty hope
Im selling Trumpswalls.com want it? Message me
"...my family's been in New Mexico since the 1550's around there..."

WUT talking out of your ass boy
"Scientifical" "Xray that READS YOUR ID"

That guy is a complete dumbass. He doesn't even know what the fuck he's talking about lmao
Steven Crowder should invite Turd Flinging Monkey on his show. Change my mind.
We ought to build a wall, and we ought to go back to primarily giving status to European nations for immigration. When America was running smoothly, this is how things were done. What benefit is it to the US to stream in millions more unskilled workers, welfare deadbeats, and career criminals? That's all you get when you take in people from low IQ average populations. We're not getting the next Nobel Prize winners, we're getting MS-13, some nannies, and some janitors.
Sure! Allow everyone in, give them an easy path to citizenship, then tax the hell out of them, all the while making them eligible for every Government assistance program under the sun.  I'm quite positive that that'll be a way to secure our nation's fiscal future...
The argument that illegals bring money into the economy is ridiculous!!! They cost way more than they bring.
Will somebody tell me how ILLEGALS pay taxes?
I want to know what him and his mastermind individuals come up with. This should be good..
you could probably actually do immigration on a blockchain
Understand but not quite on board with the woman who cearly gives a shit about her  neighborhood, but the random mexican who's the clearly on coke can suck a broken needle.
That second guy was super stupid... No walls, but x-rayd everywhere. He needs a mastermind group to think. Well, he needs to get his own mind together first :)
X RAY BORDER CONFIRMED
You blurred out the first lady's face, but I can still make out her face and some of her name on her name tag.
We need to build a wall to keep the titans out.
I dont think people understand what the wall is, the mexican guy said he wanted a x-ray gate instead, you can't have a 2000 mile long gate lol. Seems like people think it's a wall without any doors or gates, it's so stupid. There already is a wall in place, it's called a fence and it would work the same way as it has already done if it were to be replaced with a different material.
that dude would struggle to govern his next sh*t, let alone new mexico
I like his angle....instead of a wall, shoot people with x-rays and track their movements electronically. THAT'S NOT MORE TERRIFYING OR ANYTHING.
But why stop there, you should also have drones to just shoot criminals from the sky. X-ray showed illegal drugs? BAM! 2 in the head at the border.
Build That Fuckin Wall..

   TRUMP#1
These are the most retarded response
The first woman is a great example of why LEGAL immigration is great. she may not agree to build the wall like me, but she likes to sit down and have an honest conversation. she even wants to deport illegal immigrants and keep the american dream alive. great to see these kinds of immigrants!
Trump pardons El chapo and have el chapo pay for the wall
Steven, HOW can you hold a straight face? Good job at being compassionate and respectful... I am sure I would have stopped the conversation at 4:47.
10:32 watch crowders reaction to the x-ray idea.. his eyebrows say "wait what??"
You need to cite your sources you idiot.  How did you get illegals commit 37% of homicides?  No respect on this one. How can I share if you're also talking without citing?
Does someone have a link to the crime statistic he mentioned?
I support euthanasia of the dumb
What the hell are you parents and schools doing to these kids brains?
Xray border I mean with the way technology is heading he's not too far off.
I disagree with the wall because of how expensive it is and how impractical it is. I mean once it's built it'll probably stump illegals for a couple of years but they'll find a way to get passed it. I'm sure of it
That guy from New Mexico seems like a nice, polite, respectful guy, so I am going to be nice here and not state the obvious about his ideas.

But damn it if he isn't advocating for some sort of insane Big Brother type world. Microchipping people, have them walk through xray machines as they move about and have them give written explanations about where they are going and why they are going there? Genius
Aren't you the guy who said "what if someone has a ladder"?
that spanish dude had to be on his 5th coffee and 4th line...he is pinging
1st one was some real shit
Dude, you should not have shown that woman asking how to report those hoods, bad form bra
As a non American, I have a question. Isn't there already a physical barrier in place? Like a fence or something? And people still get in. Not sure how building a wall will make any difference
"Im not mexican im spanish, my family has been there since the 1550s" hohoho this dick is more mexican than tacos this guy is the kind of person you cant have inmigrating because he will never be american, he thinks he's spanish hohohoho im spanishi find it helarious
I'd like to see someone who disagrees that actually knows what they're talking about. Those are the best Change my Mind segments.
I got an ad for your last change my mind on this video!
WHAT 4:24 we might find some areas where we disagree versus finding areas we disagree
Well that was retarded.
So we're supposed to implant a chip into citizens of a foreign country so our x-ray wall can track them?
I'm a trump supporter but I think the wall is stupid and there are better ways to keep illegals them out
That Spaniard needs to cut back on the caffeine...or whatever he's on. Slow down buddy and actually THINK before you speak:-\
So slavery more or less. Putting trackers on people?
This guy is super smart-uh
LMAO Build the wall with your ass... bit*h.
Second guy just assumed doing all of this tech bullshit is easy lmao
I love you guys, but I am seriously considering suing this channel for personal injury.

Listening to that guy's insane, incoherent ramblings had to have caused my IQ to drop by several points, particularly his misuse of various words (how the hell can an answer be "blatant"?) and the part about pharmaceuticals.
Props to Gary Johnson for breaking the glass ceiling for retards running for office. I'm sure even this guy could become governor if Johnson can.
This guy in some of that drug he was talking about. Saying things from the future like xray border and checkpoints hes in 2099
Yo dude blur the lady more bro.
Steven... Please come back to Canada (at least for a while). We are experiencing a political nightmare here and need you help.
Wow, JUST WOW @ 4:05!  AND this guy should NOT be able to VOTE. 
Man, I'd like to see this same topic, but in Albuquerque, NM and see what people around here say... I live here, and hearing some of the beliefs of the people here makes me feel like they don't know what's really happening.
This is what gringos do not understand, illegal immigrants are more afraid of narco traffickers and the corrupt Mexican government looks the other way. Hence why they are coming here illegally. Fix the problems over there. My step cousins from Northern Mexico who have came here legally said the sole reason they came to the states was because of the narco violence and corrupt Mexican government.
Second guy trys hard to sound intelligent but he is spitting out bullshit and going off topic
This is why we have electoral votes, cant trust idiots to elect the right people
Does anyone have a source for "undocumented people committing 37% of homicides"?
Lol i got a Crowder ad on this video.
If he puts another "A" at the end of another word........... I'm gonna.........
i understand most come because they want a 'better life' if you're lucky.. but I just don't think its fair for those trying to come in legally then.  Also that lady is snitching some truth that no one wants to hear.. about how the legal immigrants have to live in fear.
Best way to fight immigration is to end the welfare state.
two words x-ray wall
My god... That guy is an idiot... Bless you for not squaring up and slapping him right across his dumb head...
Scientifical
The second person is a fucking moron.
please do this segment agian on a diffrent place! That guy dosent know what he talking about.  The lady called ice after this Hahahaha
We need to build the wall 100ft into the ground and 100ft into the air with 20ft in front of it a 10ft deep pool of water, drones patrolling 24/7, and at the top of the wall lethally electrified razor wire.
Listening to the future governor of New Mexico made me feel dumber
What surprised me the most about this change my mind was the short length of Steven's shorts.
I just cringe at these videos anymore. There is no hope, let's just go to war, they wouldn't even know how to load a gun.
"Yeah, here in New Mexico, we are a sanctuary city..." 
Leroy, New Mexico is a state, not a city haha
I cringed so hard at this.
How do you tolerate sitting across from people like that second guy...
If your illegal you dont nasally bring drugs if you bring drugs your likes a illegal thats how it works
miss when you did the hour long change my minds
Why are people hating on the last guy?XD, I think he's a visionary, he's thinking way ahead of most people and so that confuses people and makes them think he's crazy. In reality he's ideas are incomplete but they are not entirely implausible.
 He's perfectly right, in the future traditional borders as we know them will become obsolete so their will have to be a way to track people leaving or entering a territory.
Despite the fact that illegal aliens make it up to 3%of us population they commit 37% homicides and despite the fact that black population make it up to 13% population they commit half of the homicides, mostly black on black crimes.
Fact don't care about your feelings
No wall, no country.
That guy kind of half way described the process of coming here legally.. Lol, is he on drugs?
These people sound retarded af
Because it won't work and is thus a waste of money.
remove her id tag ffs man
Yay for microchipping!
"I'm Spanish not Mexican"
-Ia 56% abominacin
What the fuck was the second dude saying ? It makes embaressed that I'm the same race as this guy God damn he made us look bad .
Did anyone check that guys id? Ha ha and he wants to run for public office..X-ray party maybe huh. Who do I report these people to again?
Whats even bad about the wall
We need the wall to keep the honest people honest!!!!! Or anyone cought border jumping ...shot on site!!!!! Who is that dumbass guy????? He gonna get us all killed!!!!!
Ur a piece of shit.. you'll get bigK x^)
Wow, that guy was a complete moron.
Leroy plans to run for governor of New Mexico someday....no bueno
Steven looks good in those short shorts. Change my mind.
Building the wall will cost billions of dollars which we could use instead as part of a comprehensive plan to reduce illegal immigrants from the source by legalizing drugs, creating a bounty program for turning them in and getting tens of millions illegals that aren't felonious criminals citizenship. We don't want to end up like Japan in a 10 year recession because of closed borders and falling birth rates.
Spanish?!? That idiot is nothing but another ignorant, uneducated paisa who barely speaks the English language LMFAO!!! Spaniards are light skinned gavachos pendejo!!! Youre as dark as me hahaha
The X-ray border that auto tracks everyone and they send a note to space as to why they're breaking the law then they get instant citizenship and can do whatever they want, rape women, murder, it's ok!
sooooo the second guy wants to implement a totalitarian surveillance based government? Ok...
Hey, at least the ethnic denier made a good point. Those who want a dystopian totalitarianism future are clueless and quite dangerous in this day and age of everyone is equal. FFS
rip XxX
that death from above 1979 tee - yes
The cringe is real.
BUILD THE WALL! Why the hell not?
lets have everyone implanted with a chip and have drones constantly flying over scanning people and life forms, any human lifeforms that show up without a chip will be grabbed from the sky (like the hook game that grabs stuffed animals) .  problem solved.
ThisLEROY dude is definitely retarded. Speaks like reality's Peter Griffin. X-ray spy machine and all.
Oh man, Steven, your patience always astounds me.  That second guy's moronic ramblings drove me crazy in the first two minutes.
I have no more family in Mexico. My family did it legally and came over here years ago. 
Im against all these entitled illegals as are most of us. Dont let the media fool you. 
Do it legally or get the fuck out of here!!!
Let's be honest this is about changing they're minds
Crowder debating low hanging fruit, this is really getting stale
Is the process of legal immigration fair? Serious Question Im not from the US.
He's talking to idiots...
How about a Lazer wall. Call it the Thanos wall. It only allows 50% of people in. The other 50% is turned to dust.
\Didn't rome collapse from taxation, of the sers, cuasing citizens ot ahve uproar... as becasue the benefit of beign a slave was untaxed but couldn't be a citizen.. hmmm strange world.. one should never support full tiem tax system. It breaks down communication centralisation ..
This showed how ignorant these people are.
The first one made me sad
If she is that scared ... why not blur her whole body and maybe even change her voice. Why not go the extra mile to make sure there is nobody from her hood that can be like oh shit that is Ms. ........... I mean if your from Austin and you live next to this lady that little blur is not going to help much ... that purse she probably walks around with everyday....you want to protect these people as much as possible. Granted there are probably not a ton of people from her neighborhood that listen to your show but why not go full James Bond on the hiding her identity thing? Look she could owe the loan sharks money and be like how do I get rid of those dudes but it doesn't really matter .... changing the voice might be hard ... but blurring out her whole body shouldn't ... at least do that ... and I'm a fan ... just saying.
Uhm that guy from NM is high. I am not saying that facetiously. He is literally high.
Im hoping Crowder misspoke when he said 37% of murders are committed by illegal immigrants. I couldnt find a single source even close to those numbers. What i found said non US citizens (legal and illegal) committed ~12% of murders and the source of that claim was poor at best. Now in curious what the actual percentage is.
An Xray gate with Walls either side. Sounds like Trumps plan but he wants a big golden  gate for legal entry. He just wants open borders and that's the end of any nation if you agree to that. You may as well disband the army if anyone else can come into your nation. Armed or not. Problem is the Left thinks in the now about "feelings" the Right think of long term impacts on the economy, security and cultural change. 
how does one tax someone who virtually doesn't exist (document wise)
The guy wouldn't mind that illegal immigrants don't wear any ID detectable with his x-ray fence, besides the fact that x-ray isn't a proper type of radiation for this purpose.
Suspend all immigration for ten years, change my mind
God people are dumb.......
I don't think some can grasp the idea of a "wall" being more than just steel or concrete.  Border security. You shall not pass...without id
Some people are just a special kind of stupid..
"How do I deport these people?" Wow Crowder, you are Palpatine at this point in time
HES TROLLING
Yea let's just tag everyone in the world... Jackass...
This dude is dumb as a rock... and of course he'll support open borders for more of his criminal relatives to come to change the demographic in their favor...
Everytime I watch one of these its always constructed argument vs on the spot opinion; one sided AF.
To start off I really like trump but the wall idea isnt the best way to deal with illegal immigration , I think we could send over the armed forces to Mexico and hunt down gangs and destroy crime their , also we could force Mexico to create strict laws and donate the money we would use to build the wall to Mexico. Its an investment and if it was to work out well we could totally make Mexico into a great place and maybe it would make people want to move there. I think the wall is a short term solution for a long term problem.
Yes!!!!! Fuck yes!!!!
good idea, good luck with your political career.
Is that kid real?
That spannish dude is talking out his arse
This one guy doesn't have any idea what bee is talking about.
Heres something Ive never understood. Why do a lot of liberals believe in gun bans, but also believe in open boarders?  The theory behind gun bans is that by disarming the public, there would be a drop in shootings. Yet, by allowing for open boarders, you make illegal trade much easier to perform. And in a disarmed America, there opens up a brand new market for illegal weapons.  The two ideas seem incompatible to me.
im losing iq
If there are unemployed americans ..why does america need MORE workforce from another country??
Next thing america will end up like the uk
With unemployed citizens and cheap employed migrants.
But boy...arent the bosses happy
13:16  My face the entire time Leroy talked.  Go green Global activist... future... governor.. of New Mexico. What the hell is creating these Orwellian authoritarian collectivists on our soil?  You know what it is.  That shit needs to be fixed yesterday.
Leroy wants every citizens move tracked, I'm sure by then freedom of speech would be a thing of the past, so privacy is the obvious next thing to go as well.
While I agree with some of the points made here, this seems like just what we dont need. Its clear from the beginning that this guy is definitely not gonna change his mind. Yes, some of these people are pretty hysterical, but it looks like hes here to prove other people wrong. Hes constantly interrupting. He nods his head, but you can tell hes not really listening. I dont think this helps our polarization problem. He is respectful though, Ill give him that.
Congrats on 2 million!
That zoom-in at the end had me dying
How did Crowder keep a straight face when questioning him about the X-ray border
Chips in thier bodies an X-ray them. Makes sense Beep Beep
Hey you should hold a online Change my Mind, im a Democrat and love your channel becuase it gives me a new view on subjects
The proper "scientifical ray" is a radio wave, and cell phones already do this.
MS13 are animals.
Sew a border made up of possibly trillions of x-ray scanners all up and down the Border that will scan or inject a chip or some kind of tracking system all completely automated how wonderful. I don't want to pay for that the wall is already expensive as it is imagine the maintenance fees.
So whites came and killed a bunch of Indians took their land and I now want to build a wall. What you really want to say is we dont want any more brown people in America we want to keep it as white as possible and stop the bleeding.
Over and over in all these "ask a liberal what they think" videos on the conservatives channels, all of them say that they haven't thought it thru. It's all the proof we need to know that they're clueless and we need to change their minds, or just kick them over the wall.
That poor lady. I hope something can be done about her situation. And I think eventually she'll come to want a wall. 
The guy from New Mexico was hard to listen to. He's clueless. Also....I had a hard time hearing the "uh" sound after every other sentence. It wasn't like an "uhhh lemme think" sound. It was just weirduh.
Leroy was about as coherent as a bum ranting at pigeons about the lizard people.
I was waiting for Steven to ask x-ray man about how to stop people from walking around the x-ray machine if there is no wall.
So no wall and open boarders HUM Is this for America only? I do a lot of traveling around the world and every country makes it difficult for me they always want me to have a visa. Foreign countries insist you have a visa and don't do a overstay. Can not work with out a work permit basically no working.You also have to have financial abilities to pay for your entire stay with out the help from foreign government you are on your own no financial help.And you can not just stay as long as you want you have to do boarder crossing and renew your visa. You better have all of your papers in order or to jail you go and then kicked out of the country.
Its so funny how all these people seem to think it should be a free for all here in America but when it comes to they're country they have a boarder wall with strick imigration laws. But us you can't have any laws because we don't want you to stop us from violating and taking advantage of yer country. Bulled the fuckin wall asap
why have boarders at all, no boarders means no countrys, so there would never be a war for ground, wow just make tax money of everyone, that sounds so good, mind = blown, that dude was so right!
I agree, BUILD THE DAMN WALL. Come legally or not fucking at all, and stop all this asylum bullshit.
X-RAY BORDER!!!!!
Srsly they will just jump the walls, just like ppl has done since the inception of walls! We need a better way to stop the illigals!
Lobotomies should be totally illegal. Change my mind.  Wait....
This guy really just shouted himself out and walked away like he just destroyed him lmaooo
StevenCrowder When you're a person from Mexico (or any other border country) trying to escape extreme political violence and suffering in your own country, the next best option is to find hope across the border and into the US. They don't have time to sit around and be patient with paper work and look up the legal laws, otherwise it's too late for most of them at a point of life and death. But yall wouldn't know that because all you're told is how important it is to "secure the US from dangerous illegals" which is such a false stereotype. You know you're privileged when you advocate for a wall, because you don't know what it's like for them to simply try and escape corruption under the suffering conditions they are in
I would agree with the Mexican dude with taxing everyone that comes here in exchange for citizenship. The problem is they would take advantage with their children and collect government assistance which we would pay for. But it would be legal and the taxes they pay wouldnt come close to covering what they collect from tax payers.
The only way for people to realize the wall should have been built would be to let all of the illegal immigrants who commit the murders and live without a contribution to this country, come in and do what they do best. Then get the guns to push them back. Its that simple. If the wall is too much for people to handle, then build doors in the wall that come both ways and only open with qualified access. ID tagging and stuff like the way the Mexican guy is state of the art technology we wont have for another 100 or so years
Youll need to do a part two to this one. Maybe a different location
The wall is a huge waste of money theyre going to get in somehow how about we use that money for education
leroiii high as shiiitt lmao
You have no idea...
Damn I wish I could sit down and discuss this stuff but I live in the UK. 

I my opinion though the wall would be a huge waste of money as many illegal immigrants actually enter the country via planes and boats or inside legally traveling trucks and then overstay their welcome. Therefore I believe that while immigration control is important the wall would be ineffective. 

A good case study is the UK as we have lots of illegal immigrants and as we are an island we essentially have a wall formed by the ocean. 

Many statistics Ive seen actually suggest that many immigrants use the border to return home and so a wall may actually prohibit people leaving America thus adding to the immigration problem.
Future governor of New Mexico right there.
I agree with Thanos decision, change my mind.
Crowder: "So you don't want a wall. What would you do instead?"

'Spanish' Dude: proposes the most hellish parts of every dystopian world ever conceived
Steven, he has to be the most incoherent person you've interviewed. I came back on just to comment because my mind is still in 'wtf' mode an hour later.
37%, doubt it. Build the wall with drone towers tho.
"We might find some areas where we disagree vs areas where we disagree" - Steven Crowder 2018
Never go full retard.
We all know that the "Wall" will never be done
You'll have to do this one again, maybe in another location.  It was a bust!
I'm an observer and those people doing those things was great :D. I mean camps separateing children, not letting people in because they don't where the same pants imagine a really drunk guy talking to you only half noticeing what he says. Uhh anyways you gotta see the big picture...
Build the fucking WALL!!!!
People who do cocaine do that tongue thing a lot 4:15
A wall worked great for China. Great defense over open border. Keeps out TB, Chagas, leprosy, polio, measles, and a lot of other diseases that are showing up in our elementary schools. Illegals don't pay taxes. Their employers take it out and don't report it. A scanner still needs a wall to direct people to it. The drug war wastes $Millions to keep the price up to make $Billions. All cartels send there profits to NY banks. They only get to keep a %. The CIA owns them. Didn't we learn that with G. Bush Sr. and Iran Contra?
Me and my mother were naturalized on 2013 from Russia after over 6 years of getting by to get approved and I watched my mother break down and cry as she put her hand on her heart and told me.we made it. You are taking a shit on my story and millions of other people by giving your vote for destroying the process. You need to EARN your right to call yourself an American because we don't understand the value of antything that you haven't done anything to earn. And btw my mom became a nurse and then an administrator making over 140,000 a year just in 6 year and she had to learn English. I got BA and MA and I teach in the projects in Chicago South side. I can't say I would have this successful.if I ran here and was given free shit and didn't gain a positive feeling of actually appreciating and loveing this country.    You silence or never speak stories of naturalized "normal' immigrants because we refused to be a victim respected the nation that finally gave us opportunities we never would have had back home. What's going on with this country? You can fight and call other people for people like me because we have worked and spend out time and adapted to make it here and be successful I don't need your pity and I don't call myself opressed no more. Heed these stories. But all of this was probably white privilige. You really shit on the work we had to do by being unable to separate your feelings from simple principles that willake.this coutnry great. I look and I see many Americans just loose the appreciation and love and respect this country. Seone probably made you believe you were socially orpessed or a victim and you gullibly went with it.
Hahaha....This guy doesn't make any sense...No wall But some sort of entry port????? Build that wall Trump
The mexican guy sounds like a 6 year old playing monopoly and winning somethings in it and they saying its time to call my real estate manager to take advice on my new property ideas
I'm neither Republican or Democrat. But for me, the wall has two things about it that really make me angry.
 The first is that it goes against everything I was taught to believe in immigration. We were taught the good, the bad and the ugly about it all through history. This country was built on the backs of immigrants. 
 We even had School House Rock teach us this between cartoons.
 The second reason is, I was stationed in Germany when the Berlin Wall fell. I was there for a world of emotions. Families were tore apart and finally brought together. So that's a strong memory.
A magic x ray wall. It will automatically tag a person who crosses the border. Maybe the Harry potter will set it up. Lol
This hispanic kid wants to be governor of "the city of New Mexico?" Isn't this dummy also brainstorming that the illegals could be made to take the Mark of the Beast? lol
Where was this interview done? No where near the border states lol
There is literally no good argument against securing the border, via the Wall or other solid barrier, unless you're an anarchist or globalist.
Huge X-rays that scan people 
Hmm..Like for broken bones??
would they be sexy nurses too lol
That Mexican immigrant woman is the epitome of a low-information voter. No wonder the Dems want more immigration.
I dont support the wall....I have a cheaper solution....mine fields with project metal storm guarding our borders and other military area of denial weapons....play survivor the real game....make it into the country great! Your path to citizenship begins with deployment in the American foreign legion. Here's your rifle, here's your camo, get on the plane.
This idiot in the white t shirt doesn't even have a Spanish accent. And, his family lived in NM since way before he was born, so he should speak proper English. His half-italian fake accent is so ridiculous... Just speak the Queen's! :'D
Retards.OMG!
What the hell was that guy talking about. I think his argument broke more constitutional rights than a wall ever could.
Illegal immigrants cost America 135 billion annually, and they only pay into it 19 billion.
Not gay looked like a badass
once the discussion was how to uphold the law, now it's seriously being debated IF we should uphold the law...
Congrats on 2million subscribers!!! man I joined before the 500k days lol
I'm all in favor of increasing border security but I don't believe a physical wall will actually stop them. The amount of money needed to build this wall could go towards other means of security. Perhaps a gauntlet of laser and seismic sensors calibrated to detect people crossing the border. A mile wide zone that tracks anyone on it and beams the info real time to border patrol. A wall wouldnt stop people from tunneling under but seismic sensors would detect and pinpoint diggers.
Dont try to analyze what the guy is saying. Hes just not very smart lmao. Im sure hes a perfectly nice guy, but hes absolutely stupid.
earing man was talking about one world govmt. and mark of the devil "we can like, travel anywhere, like super fast and cheap" "how about a um, electronic like chip?"
intriguing conversation but a dreamer in the end.
Visually we dont want to be walled in. Thats the biggest fear.
Im Spanish not Mexican, my family has been here since 1550... Sure they have buddy.
That man with the camera had to try to turn it around to make it his show.
He doesn't know what he is saying but he has a 'passion' for it.
That poor mans brain shorted out after simple logic was introduced.
His face at the end oh my goodness
Not Gay Jared's Fanny pack looks fabulousssss!.
Are you having problems with crime and jails are overpopulated? No problem, just make it legal , no crime no problem!
Geez, that lady is exactly what happens to people that immigrate here legally.  They get robbed, burglarized and victimized by the illegals.
That little stare into the camera like he's on the office 
I just had an awesome advertisement of Ben Shapiro educating us on the cringe of the Leftists' sexist views.
It was a very long Ad, and I watched the whole thing. 
I'm actually a bit afraid the lady is not blurred enough... she might be in a very dangerous situation.
Watching Leroy was like watching me and my friends get high and talk about shit we dont understand but because were high were both like yooo! Ive worked out immigration bro
That guy has the dankest weed in the world. Lmfao an X-ray wall
O.o My initial reaction. Let's see.
scientifical ray...
Hey, I kind of agree with you but I do not support a wall. the money and resources that would be used in a wall could be better used in another way to better the lives of people. Disaster relief is underfunded. Last summer 1,295,959 acres burned here in Montana houses burned down smoke made caused health problems for a majority of the people in the state. the federal government refused to step in and help. the fires raged on until the snow fell. This spring the water levels raised and caused flooding yet again the federal government did not step in to help the people of Montana. a good portion of the state flooded. 3 houses in Frenchtown Montana were lost to the Clark Fork River. The amount of devastation we have endured in the last year has been insane.
Build that wall, unfortunately it's gonna be paid by the taxpayers.
Guys they come here illegally, its ok tho we can just tax them!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! problem solved111111111111111111111111111111111111
They dont want to build a wall they want to keep track of illegals and im assuming they want police interaction. Yea, like they arent already in the spotlight
Areas where we disagree vs areas we disagree
Can we get that dude with the camera a drugtest? Fucker is just rambling :S
I'm a Englishman because at one point there were British immigrants in this country.
Change My Mind is a great show but low IQ people are a waste of time
"I can not come up with an answer now, I'd have to sit down and think about it" 
5 minutes later...
"Ive been thinking a lot about this in the last three years" 
He must have been xrayed too many times.
Republicans Conservatives Puritans Evangelists Christians Traditional and Morale Groups are the SAME...SH*T that the NAZI Supporters said and Did when they Started to LOSS the War...To Save Them Self's from RETALIATION for there Hate, Racism, Bigotry, Elitist, White Power movement and went Underground waiting for Another Insecure, Incompetent, Illiterate, Bigot, Racist, Elitist, White Power Sympathizer Low Life like this Father, Mother and Uncle...!!??
I looked up the thing Steven Crowder said about 35 percent of all homicides being cause by illegals, that is absolute bullshit. There's only a few states (such as Texas) that look into immigration status when looking someone up past being a citizen or non citizen....non citizens who commit felonies are automatically striped from residency and deported, so most states only look into if someone is a citizen or non citizen..... Steven Crowder lumps non citizen legal immigrants such as residents, green card holders or visa workers with non citizen illegals. In fact Texas which is one of the only states that keeps separate stats for legal and illegals has a criminality rate for illegals of between 5 to 15 percent on most years....Steven Crowder is full of shit
That spanish guy talks like hes constantly out of breath
I hope that first lady stays safe. Yikes... Praying for her lol
Nice respectful dude but holy shit I did not understand a damn thing he just said.
A wall blocking the sight of snipers using an HS.50 to shoot people inside their appartment, and a checkpoint where you say 'hello' to people. -while second guy proposes to tag all human beings like animals in wild life migration studies, and radiate them at an invisible line, where you see no wall.Like the invisible fence, where dogs get an electro-shock if they come to close. - the non-wall solution is inhumain totalitarian, I prefer the 'inconvenience to say at the entry-door "Hello, I am..."
X-Ray Borders G!
The spawns of college education.
That guy in white shirt made no sense,How do you suppose to tax illegal immigrants if you dont know where they are and who they are?
Steven, if you want more ammo for your arsenal why not look into Mexico's immigration laws
*traps are gay, change my mind
Lol the Spanish guy is pretty much saying Mexican immigrants should be dog tagged
That look at the end tho... Like wtf did I just listen to lmao
X-Ray Border
Leroy was fantastic XD
Oh first guy is retarded. Been in new mexico since the 1550's yeah no.
I don't know how you could even carry on with the second guy for as long as you did, my god. It was like in 5th grade when the teacher called on the kid who could barley read
Not sure if anyone already mentioned this in a comment, but around the 5:28 mark when talking about illegal immigrant crime percentages, the true statistic is 100% of illegal immigrants are criminals. That is stated in the term "illegal" immigrants!!!

This whole debate is just too hard for us Americans to come together and solve. There are just too many people thinking with their heart and emotions rather than using logic. Yes, generally 99% of people in the world are good hearted people, but even a rapist can be a good hearted person 99% of the time. Spending several years in El Paso, Texas, I saw first hand the problems with illegal immigration and the issues law enforcement/community/border patrol dealt with on a daily basis. I also spent time in Pittsburgh and New York where the situation of illegal  immigrants is not so prevalent as on the southern border. With that said, I see how hard it is for a majority of the country not living close to (land based) borders to be so empathetic to these people and can't possibly comprehend the real issues our country is having with this. 

Whether you think with your heart or your head, go visit a local homeless person or veteran and decide if their life is less important than somebody that trespassed (into this country).  If we would have a little more compassion in our heart for the American population struggling now and use a little more logic in dealing with the people that side stepped the law, we could solve both problems. Just food for thought..... where would $5 go further? Mexico or USA? Wouldn't the solution be for us figuring out how to provide more foreign aid to foreign, poverty stricken areas rather than looking the other way when a poor illegal migrant sneaks into a higher cost of living area????
My iq dropped just by trying to comprehend what the last guy was saying 
It's actually scary to see how dumb that guy from New Mexico was. Like you can actually get that dumb. 

 Imagine having his kids.
Im not Mexican, Im Spanish... New Mexico used to be Mexico and youre brown AF homie. You Mexican. Lol grew up with so many fools like this thinking theyre Spanish. News flash homes, Spanish peole are Euripian, they consider themselves white.
Ehh. I'm not against it. My parents went through so many long years of fighting to become citizens in this country. I dont think others should be able to just be here for free (especially if they dont even put in effort to become part of the country)... BUT the nationalization process should be made easier and cheaper because most likely these people have nothing and can barely provide for their own family's. Even shelling out thousands of dollars that they dont have there is a good chance that you will still get denied citizenship and deported. But I do believe in immigration reform, but the US should pay for the wall and stop asking for Mexico to pay for it. If you want a damn wall then pay for it. I'm not going to build a fence around my house and then ask my neighbor to pay it for me. That's just stupid.
Immigration wasnt a big deal until we started asking for our rights. The big companies got together and started spreading propaganda just like they did with weed. Most of you hating have never even had real interactions with us . Sucks because most of my views are conservative and here youre spreading this narrative that were criminals and you should fear us.
This guy said he had a show. Anyone found it yet?
The New Mexico guy speaks like a legitimately retarded person.
I appreciate that the guy from New Mexico sat down to have a conversation,  but the whole x-ray wall is dumb. Not only would this be even more expensive, the maintenance costs would  be worse than a standard wall.  And even if we did put in a more free flowing border, people who are willing to break international law as freely as illegal aliens do, dont deserve to be in this country whether they are Germans, French, English, Spanish, or French-Canadian.
This dude from new Mexico, dude go home your drunk.....
They pushing for people to go into America rather than pushing for a change in their home country
Woah wait a minute that First Lady is clearly scared...I myself am a legal immigrant and Ive been fortunate enough to be raised in a good suburban area in north Houston but I can only imagine what that woman goes through. She should not feel scared like that in her apartment complex. I hope she reported those assholes and got them the hell out of this country.
I got a wish Donald trump a happy bday ad
It just depends on what your end goal is, increasing legal immigrants or stopping it entirely.
Why dont we just build a nice wall of Condos all the way across the Southern Border? 
Big fan of Crowder! However, I gotta disagree with him on this one. Instead of building a wall, we should allocate all these sources into fixing this broken immigration system of ours. Building a wall would be more of a short term solution, not a long term one.
This dude is the poster child of why drugs are bad.
No borders! Only xray ones!
Mr. Pink mangina shorts gave a compelling argument.  He needs to be on the other side of the wall before we build it.
Why do people automatically turn themselves into tagged cattle
Oh cool another video that youtube doesnt even list for me, and during the course of just opening this video youtube used their "auto" quality to ddos me, twice. thanks net neutrality
Stop massaging your ego an actually debate people who know what they're talking about.
Like when that kid destroyed on communism.
I could probably destroy you on anti wall even though i'm pro wall.
Leroy Trujillo is a complete jackass lmao
Why do a lot of these comments not have any thumbs up. I thought we all agree we should build a wall right come on guys? 80% of women crossing the border get raped by Coyotes. In one of Gavin's debates he said that and someone couldn't even have a debate with him they just walked away. Ever since then I have thought we definitely need a wall for that and many other reasons
"No, don't build a wall. But I'm fine with implanting micro chips and scanners everywhere to track each individual person." MAKES TOTAL SENSE..
this is uncanny i just got into it on facebook about illegal immigrants. I had people trying to say that crossing the border wasn't actually a crime and that they are simply seeking asylum. I quickly pointed them the united states standards for asylum seekers in which it say in order to qualify you have to meet their definition of a refugee which the people crossing the border do not meet.
Huh? So illegals get to go on the fast lane while legals have to wait?! Get the fuck outta here!
Im so confused when deffending our borders became such a crime to the left
we should build a wall on the canadian border and through this guy back over it
He said 35 percent of homicides are committed by illegals? I call bullshit on that
building a wall will be a waste of money, eventually taken out of our taxes somehow. Building it will be seriously worthless and after a few years people will find a way of getting over it or thru it. Please remember that Mexico is our neighbor and stopping them from coming in illegally is impossible, best thing to do is make it harder for them to come in, by securing borders better, and adding more security and actual human reinforcement, NOT A WALL. The government should imply to everyone how important a Border Patrol job is, and make it easier, cheaper and more accessible for the young generation to become a Border Patrol Officer. Because security is what is needed, not a stupid wall.

Yes I do feel like what I wrote is good and I stand by it, but I still keep in mind that this country was created by immigrants, and Americans are not the founders of this land. AND, almost half of the U.S. was once Mexican land! The U.S. needs to stop seeing Mexicans/illegals as negatives just because of a small percentage of them commit crimes. If that is the case, all crackheads and druggies should also be deported or incarcerated for life because they also damage our country. Reinforcement is the key.
The pinchazo mezican is why we need a disease.
I also dont agree how trump is calling Mexicans rapists and stuff because theres rapists everywhere. So to say that Mexicans are rapsists and murderers are unfair. If u pretend to put Russia where Mexico is right now. The exact same thing would happen. Im making this point because I feel like trump is targeting just Mexicans even though anyone would come to the US if they were close enough. And Im sure there are immigrants who come to the US and commit crimes. I could be wrong but I dont think that people get deported if your from lets just say Sweden and commit a crime
I'm against the wall because of the money that would cost to tax payers because I don't believe Mexico Will pay it. If Mexico Will really pay it, than build it so the idiotic corrupt government of Mexico feels shame. If that wall will make the Mexican and central American countries wake up the to really change the ways of it's corrupt culture/government. But I don't think that's going to happen. I think we should hire more law Enforcement officers that also aren't corrupt. I leave near the border in the u.s side and know many criminals that I don't necessarily agree with but grew up together in schools, neighbor hoods, etc. And know for a fact that alot of border patrol are corrupt, they bring the drugs in and also know a person who received weapons from   a border patrol on the Mexican side. They cross it through the mountains because nobody will ever say anything. So I also believe that is something to be fixed in our government. And we here about el chapo,but do they ever catch drug lords from the us? Instead of focusing on building a wall that will not prevent anything from coming if corruption on the American side isn't delt with . Maybe instead of border patrol, have more military. Also, drugs and people cross illegaly through the port of entry as well.  Many time with the authorization of u.s customs. Corruption is the problem there as well. I say invest that money in removing sanctuary City laws, really looking for illegal criminals in all neighbor hoods. We need more law enforcement budget to really help build a better law enforcement around the country and in sanctuary cities, enforcement with abiding laws from the federal government and not the state government. All with respect, no hard feelings just business. Get criminals out, but help hard working  people and students get there legal status and pay taxes so the Clinton's bank doesn't get slimmer Lol...if they do build it, I'll make sure to put a taco stand as the ones building it will be Hispanics hahahahaha. What an irony. Also, remove welfare, i'll guarantee lazy people all over the place  Will do the work that illegal immigrants do that nobody else wants to do to avoid dying of hunger.
Lmao that guy's ideas....
do they realize we have a fence up already? its more of a reinforce the fence idea
x ray border for 2020
Please do a part 2 on this. It needs to be discussed more because a lot of people are being led by their noses from the liberal media. Do it on a college campus. Teach the truth to the youth.
Who trusts that guys ability to track his ancestors back to the 1550s with any accuracy??
The amount of people that think building a wall means there will be absolutely no way to get in or out of the country is kind of sad... shows how misinformed the left is
Im against the wall but these people had the worst arguments and no facts to support them it was very dissapointing
The wall is gonna be built. this is not going to be a dumping ground for ILLEGALS. No more!!!!! Fuck you illlegals and the cartel you rode in on.
did i just became stupider?
Damn... she's dead
Wow Trujillo just described a modern version of checkpoint Charlie, a 21st century version of the Soviet Unions border polices and our favorite: The modern equivalent of the Nazi show us your papers
i am a south African and i would love to become a american but i would never ever think of going there illegaly
Stay in drugs, dont do school... right?
literally couldn't watch the video this guy was so dumb.
Ok so building the wall would be devastating to our American economy. Even if we some how in fairy tale land get Mexico to pay for the construction of the wall we as Americans citizens will have to pay for maintaining the wall. The wall itself is a very expensive and unattainable concept. We would have to go through so many homes, uneasy terrains, and other limiting factors throughout the border land. The border between Mexico and America is not flat grassland ready to be build on. Im not even going to go into the need for a circular flow because that is more controversial than the factualness of price and limitations.
Bro, the second guy is from the future to solve the immigration crisis
They take the whole, "Keep Austin Weird" thing pretty serious huh?
ah the x ray wall...
or as i like to call it: the cancer wall
I want a wall build like the one in the movie 300.
Since Mexico is a hot topic issue for immigration i would like to see any possible cooperation between the us and Mexico possibly help with the crime there through US military Im not sure if this would help but its probably better than a corrupt and broken government
I agree with everything u believe in Steven except the wall. I would love to have the wall but only if people can visas much faster. Its easy for me to sit here and say well just wait the month then but people in Mexico can not afford to wait for that month cuz they have children to feed and bills to pay. I understand your point and I totally get it but i think there should be a compromise
You're all ass holes he looks like he has an impairment at least he tried. I like how Steven Crowder handled him self respectfully. I believe we should have a fence like we have now and they should lower the cost of citizenship give the ones who want to do good a chance. If they can't afford it give them time to save money to afford it with work visas, but don't make it so expensive.
That guy had me in tears. 
New Mexico is screwed if that young man becomes governor. Get out and vote people.
NO, no wall... Just an X-ray wall.
Lmao I wouldnt hesitate to report illegals.
What are the odds of finding two people, on the same street corner, who were both dropped on their heads as infants? Weird!
My concern is that walls can be used to contain people as easily as they keep people out, and the last thing America needs is a Berlin wall scenario.
The other major concern is cost; we can't afford major public works projects until the damned federal, state, and local over-spending is under control.

I think a more reasonable path to border security is to initiate crowd-sourced security. Set up a system of cameras along the border that live stream to paid subscribers of the program. Each camera stream can be viewed by any subscriber at any time, and multiple users can view the same stream. The subscription revenue, say, $1/mo per simultaneous stream (if you have multiple monitors, each looking at a different stream, each costs you $1/mo, so 10 separate streams would be $10/mo total) would likely encourage more people to try it, and generate revenue for covering operation costs and installation.

The viewers can report illegal crossing through the stream interface. To prevent false flagging reports being sent, the report would be checked to see if other viewers are reporting within the same time. If it appears that it's valid in that many different people are reporting, it'll send a report to the nearest volunteer security team. Minutemen, if you will. The minutemen, who have registered as volunteer civilian border security, will respond to the report on their own dime.

As an incentive for the minutemen to handle captured immigrants humanely and to properly turn them over to immigration services, the minutemen must video document each capture, and at the end of the year, the top 10% of minutemen groups will be exempt from paying any federal taxes that year, as a thanks for their service.

There would also be two groups of captures. Captures that are clearly people who don't intend to assimilate into American culture and law (such as drug runners, thugs, or just anyone who doesn't speak English fluently enough to be understood), and those who seem like promising candidates for citizenship (they've learned English, seem otherwise law abiding despite crossing illegally, and appear willing to do honest work). The candidate group can be granted asylum, as long as they have a volunteer sponsor who will not only endorse them for citizenship, but also foot the bill for the paperwork. This will allow charity organizations to form who wish to help people legally become citizens, and said charities must also document the people they help on their own dime. Charities will be reviewed every 3 years, and if their candidates - now turned citizen - are staying out of crime, the charity's staff will be exempt from federal taxes for the next 3 years.

This system is far more realistic and cost effective than spending trillions on a wall and federal border security staff, and will likely yield a much better outcome for all parties involved, save for the drug runners and thugs. By having nearly the whole operation civilian operated, cost is kept down, and the people maintain power over the border, not the government (a check against tyranny).

What do you guys think?
What would you change/add, and why?
do this one again please!
Last guy made my head hurt
Damn Steven your the man for sitting through that one. Well done.
That Leroy guy just pissed me off lmao
What the f__k is an emigreen?
LOVE THE FLOW
This guy watches too many cartoons.
@stevenCrowder I'm a deported veteran currently living in the Dominican Republic, I have been threw a lot, I have seen a lot based on my bad decision. I was a legal alien resident since 1979, I oath in the United States Marines Corps from 2000-2005, Got a Bad Conduct Discharged. Just little back story; and  like any other right afforded by the US constitution voluntary defended by me, you can form your own opinion of me based on this information. But, Just to be clear, a non violent criminal act was committed on my part, I was charge with Fraud for uncovering, and also trying to beat the system of recruit gear issues on Parris Island. The reason of my deportation, which was 2.7 years later, was Crime or Moral Turpitude. 

If you do read this, I share a lot of your point's of view, and this is one them. Being a legal immigrant, either or not falling threw the cracks of a flawed system, because as the government send's out a lot of bad people, they also look away when they come in. I can tell you about my own experience in the deportation process and my story. Conclusion, I'm pro-gun, Male/Female is the best Foundation and building on patriotism, it does not matter which country it is, should be the number one responsibility of any citizen of zed country.  Thank you!
I could tell Steven was trying not to lose his shit when the guy said fucking, x-ray wall.
can we call the people who watch over the xray border xmen?
He wants to be New Mexico's Governor and he been thinking about it for the past 3 years and an x-ray and written notice is what he came up with. But no boarder... And no wall....
I think building the wall (change my mind) is an issue you should tackle again, come this September.
The upside of open borders is that when the country dissolves it will solve the national debt problem
Did he just do the Jim halpert face in the end? 
Will MS13 be able to join the space force? :P
"A few mastermind individuals " would have to figure it out. SMH. Pure idiocy.
X Ray Borders and Masterminds lmao
Steven let that train run right off the rails.
that first woman is very bright
"x-ray" cringe fest
You heard it here first: Boarders will be gone in the next 5-10 years.
I guarantee if that happened it wouldn't be in the "everyone holding hands and singing" way you are thinking.
Leroy-a likes to end his sentences-a with an "a"
I want a moat with gators
Lol that guy was higher then he thought he would be or if he was handicap my bad either way I was entertained
New Mexico is a sanctuary *city*, huh. Sounds worse than the England is my city guy. Canada, Switzerland and Germany are great states, North America is a great county, and Mars is a great continent.
In episode #306 you said this binder would be on sale at some point! How do we get it!?
X-rays - Confucius
Please have this discussion again with someone who can spell his own name! (Not because I disagree with you but because putting mentally disabled people up on YT for laughs is not very nice - granted that it'll be hard to find a triple digit IQ who disagrees!
Crowder sometimes makes me cringe because he just tells people straight up lol
Build the wall with your ass bitch! 
Lets just make Mexico the 51st state and clean out their swamp. And then we can tax them. And then when Justin comes begging for help we got #52.
I think we should tighten up the border and monitor who takes flights from South America or anywhere else more carefully. A wall would be way too expensive and I dont want the American tax payer money to go towards that when there are police and firefighters out there who depend on this money. If a wall could be built for significantly less money, then go for it but for now, many illegals come by airplanes so what use would an expensive wall be?
you're right we shouldn't waste money building the wall when we got drones we can just drone strike the illegals trying to come in
Dear Mr Future Governor of New Mexico, umm wow, where do I start. So no Wall cause thats bad BUT an XRay Wall is the ticket huh.. ummm ok so Who tags these people in the beginning so they can be tracked? Mexico?
Cocaines a hell of a drug.
-Artem GOAT Lobov
What a strange lady
You posted a video solely interviewing mentally  ill people...
Could someone post sources with facts concerning illegals and crimes? Couldn't find reliable stuff
The laws and the wall should be there to protect me and my family from crime, child trafficking,sex trafficking, drugs, the loss of jobs, the loss of quality of life taken by the ileagal alians. It is important to restrict the flow so as to get good representatives from other countries. Not there worst. We must get them to asymulate to us not change America to there culture. The argument that it is in human to send children back is biased and wrong. In America if a citizen breaks the law they are separated from there families for jail time. The parents that send there children here without family should be held accountable for inhumane behavior and bad parenting. The originating countries of these children are responsible for them. Not America. If the originating country can not do so humanly then the children would have reason for asylum! BUILD THAT WALL!
this is the United States of America. We have laws. If you want to come here there is a way for you to do it. if you come here  legally and get separated from your children you are a dumbass for coming here illegally. we don't have to change your mind you have to change ours. the problem is we're not about to change our mind. as far as I'm concerned if you're such a shity parent that you are going to take your children into another country knowing that they will be taken from you why would you go there? Do you not love your children do you not care about your children or do you really believe that you can flip America the finger and just do what you want? the Screwed Up thing is our government continues letting these people into the country. Stop them at the border force them to sign a statement in English and their own language that states if they come back here illegally ever again they will be prosecuted and executed. Do the Humane thing and send them back to Mexico, well actually they would not make it into our country so just leave them in Mexico and let the Mexican Government take care of them. if they die at the border it's because Mexico would not help them. If the children died at the border because they don't have food or water that's because the Mexicans would not give them any food or water. see you idiots have no problem with Mexico flipping them the finger but it's American slipped in the finger well we're racist. to every Democrat socialist Nazi transgender or otherwise screwed up in the head person out there I say screw you all and if you don't like America get the f*** out.
Build the wall up your ass

How

Literally how
Leroy is sweet yet so lost...like a puppy.
That Leroy idiot i's clearly as indigenous as the rest of Mexicans, but he's like (5:06): "Like, I'm not Mexican, I'm Spanish, I'm from Sp[ain], my family's been in New Mexico since the 1550s". He's a delusional, and clearly intellectually challenged, for sure.
The first guy is so futuristic
Just so happened to be the only guy lol
lol.. id chips eh?  how about ear tags? Moooo
Today I heard someone say "scientifical" unironically.
one of his relatives came from spain almost 500 years ago, and he calls himself spanish... lol
Forget governor, the second guy should become a a sci fi writer. X-rays and faster technology everywhere.
Listening to some of those people makes me cringe so hard
do not click read more

























































































































































































































I TOLD YOU NOT TO CLICK



























































































































































































































still going 



























































































































































































































































THIS IS YOUR OWN FAULT



























































































































































































































































































































   











































next time don't click READ MORE

































































































































































































































































































































































OK..................THERE IT IS OVER MAYBE YOU LEARNED A LESSON TODAY!!!!!!!!!
People in the future will be able to travel super fast 
Surely there were more able debaters out there that day...
Future governor of New Mexico ladies and gentlemen 
"I'm not Mexican, I'm Spanish" I call BS
You guys should upload a full uncut version
Is Leroy trolling?
At no point in your rambling, incoherent response were you even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought. Everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it. I award you no points, and may God have mercy on your soul.

That face at the end was priceless man lmao
I find the unquestioned embrace of spending billions of tax money disconcerting from a conservative perspective.  The wall should be fine as long as there is careful study of cost (tax money, encroachment of private properties) vs result (decrease in illegal entries) to justify spending the money.
leroy for president
Wow; I didn't realize that people were so incredibly unintelligent.  Unreal how completely clueless that NM dude is. SMH.  Steven, how did you have the patience to sit there and listen to that?!  lol
 that last guy's ideas were way more extreme than a simple wall, if Trump suggested it he'd be attacked and rightly so
My god some people are just simply simple minded. X-ray border? Wtf?
Change my mind shows aren't very interesting when Crowder interviews complete idiots.
These guys always talk very fast, like Shapiro and Milo
That lady saw "Build a wall" and a table and thought it was an 'ICE report and deport' booth 
Dammit Leroy
Good work. You didnt blur that woman's ID card...
That guy seemed like he never thought about immigration before and on-the-spot just started coming up with nonsensical solutions to a problem that doesn't understand. He'd make a great politician.
Lmao that Mexican trying to say hes a Spaniard 
Im not Mexican Im spa - my family have been in Mexico since the 1550s

Lmao Im pretty sure even the Spaniards and Italians that migrated to Argentina in the past 200 years are now still considered as Argentinians not Italians lmao. 

The bloke looks more Mexican than Danny Trejo lmao. Hes got those asian eyes that the native Americans have 
He clearly has never seen a Spaniard before.
I really hate when people come in acting like they know everything but they completely clueless
That guy made zero sense. My brain hurts now.
Its sad how brainwash-able people really are....

Most people are literally against the wall ONLY bc its be given a negitive view and nothing more. The media can push something so easy... Its crazy..
Leroy for Governor. Step right up for the mark of the beast for your "super fast" travel! 
Tax them! Make them social security number ...somehow pass test...Somehow somewhere...over the rainbow...lalala....
"Masterminded Individuals" lol
The guy in the white shirt is ridiculous 
Hes going to be the future governor of New Mexico! Lol yay!
I wouldn't have the patience to talk to that last time... What an embarrassment
I moved to New Mexico from California and let me tell you, New Mexicos high school graduation rate is 60% lowest in the nation. He definitely fits into that population. There are plenty of people that are just like him. Just bad, bad, bad.
Crap the last guy is the anti christ
So many dont realize we dont care about legal immigrants. The wall is to stop illegal immigration
Mexico still not paying for the wall
A country is entitled to it's sovereignty but without a border look no further than the immigrant mess in Europe and South Africa.
Why throw them out of the country? Because they broke the goddamn law!!!!
Built the wall to keep criminals and idiots out of America
I was a fan of crowder but i really don't hope he is a supporter of building this stupid wall ....i am not for illegal immigrants though
Ouch. I couldn't keep up with the guy. Either he is so advanced and I am too stupid or  . . ?
I'm not opposed to the concept of a wall, but I don't think it would be effective or feasible.
That last guy literally wanted to tax people coming to this country more than Americans thats slavery. Also a xray border what the fuck. How would that work a electro magnetic field LMAO. That whole thing is fucked
Holy shit that guy was so thick, yet so confident he was leadership material.
Alot of drugs are just walked over the border so the wall would help with stopping that, they're going to drive poles down deep too so they can't just dig under it too
He wants to run as governor lol he bout dumb as shit.
LEROY JENKINS!!!!!!!!!
Governor of New Mexico?? He cant even govern his thoughts and communicate lmfaooo.... Im Spanish youre mestizo. Sheeeeesh find someone smart pls
Sure just fucking blame Americans because American drug dealers are selling illegals the drugs. You fucking idiot, every civilized nation on the goddamn planet has drug dealers, you stupid fuck
He wants to be the governor?That's about right.Crowder this ones a wash.
Dude needs a few individuals to process his own thoughts. He's addicted to sci-fi movies apparently. bwahahaha
You decide to come in illegally you've broken our law so don't you blame anyone but yourself
X-RAY BORDER!!!!!!! He has my vote
This guy should work for Microsoft or Google,always online
Part of the criteria to become a citizen is actually being a legal immigrant!!!!! Open borders do not work!!! It will eat up the country!!!!
That guy made me think...  but Crowder didnt continue asking about how this guy would have an X-ray without a wall/border.
Pee is sorted In The balls change my mind
12 billion dollar wall will be stopped from a $12 ladder
If we have to give out free electronic ids and have sensors everywhere for them, the materials, electricity, and services would be so much more expensive than a wall, and thats just accounting for the people who would do it legally
The thing with becoming a legal citizen is that the process is not how many citizens think that it is. Yes there is a process, but for many no matter how many times they try they never go through. It does not matter if they have no criminal record, or anything of the sort, they just don't. And I mean you might think that they can get a lawyer, but the thing is that they are leaving a country full of poverty. They themselves are probably in a state of poverty, how do you expect them to pay the fines that are asked of for the process to go? I understand both sides of the argument, but I also believe that the U.S government can do much more to help them with the process, and make sure that everyone has an actual opportunity, rather than continuing with the hate, and the comments that have been going on
This one was bad, no one had a good argument.
A thousand million billion trillion is a lot.
I'd be happy to engage you concerning your misguided opinions on this issue, fellow.
Sounds like this dumbass wants to chip people
Change the wall. Build my mind.
Mexican...not Mexican...who in the 1550s was Spanish...from Mexico (at the time)...but not Mexican 
Clueless absolutely Clueless
An xray border.....yeah that will work,  is it going to make sure there bones are healthy and let them cross ilegally
Taxing illegals means youre the government will only be gaining less than 12% of each individuals income and thats if youre lucky to receive the taxes from undocumented workers This guy with his own show doesnt know shit. So how is this kid famous? 
You really need someone there to screen out the fruit loops before they just rush in and sit down.   Lol
Look I get that we are all kind of "one" world, but not really, but kinda because we are humans etc
And I get that borders are essentially arbitrary lines
But if you think we are ready as a species to have a world without any kind of borders or restrictions of movement.
Here's an experiment.

Remove the walls from your house........
LEEROY FOR GOVERNER
X ray border? Lmao
Lol that look was priceless
Why you shouldn't build a wall?
 - Too much cost for too little return
              There is already a border fence
              There are a number of ways to illegally enter the country, not just by jumping over the border fence
 - There are higher priorities such as healthcare, infrastructure, and education which need more funding
 - Trump's wall is really more of a legacy policy for him rather than something which has been though out
 - Wouldn't conservatives say that if somebody wants to do something illegal, they'll do it in any way possible. Example: Gun control argument. Wouldn't this logic point to illegals finding other ways of entering the country?
Cost/benefit analysis is THE ONLY question to determine whether whether/how a wall should be built
Honest question. where did you get the data about the 37% of violent crimes are illegals? I'm not against you I just want to know where all the Info I learn comes from
lol, that guy is living in 2048
I would love to speak my thoughts on this topic. I really believe on all of the other change my mind but not this one there is already a wall built why waste more taxes payers money
Listening to Leroy talk makes me picture a group of people hitting the bong hard and coming up with "ground breaking and revolutionary" ideas/concepts that nobody could possibly ever think of that will absolutely change the world (in their minds). When in reality... not so much. They are just super high and can't think straight.
Yeah, it's stupid, but y'all should stop being so mean...
He made it clear that it was a "free thought"; so, no, he didn't think it through. It's an over-the-top idealistic way of thinking, and it wouldn't be plausible... Still no reason to be unnecessarily rude, I'm pretty sure everyone here realizes it's stupid without bagging on the guy... Maybe it's just me though.
I couldnt take him seriously after he said scientifical hahaha
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DLVdi14ECCc
This is about to be my new favorite video
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DLVdi14ECCc
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DLVdi14ECCc
3:14 Im dying!! Hahahahahah
lol what a jackass
I would love for you to argue with a professor who disagrees and has done extensive research on a topic similarly to how you do. All the people you have ever interviewed just get picked on because they are only expressing their feeling but if you talk to someone who can back their opinions up with facts it won't be such a walk in the park.
That guy needs to switch to decafffa!
Beginning to think Crowder is just using Change my mind to troll the left 
A working adult immigrant can contribute to society immediately, but infants tend to take 16-20 years before they can.

We should ban babies, not immigrants.

Right?

Or maybe how much people contribute shouldn't be the main deciding factor.
This was horrible
A thousand mile long xray machine, that makes sense... a wall? No thanks, sounds silly
Do a it's okay to "Cage up little Mexican kids" change my mind video
Sources for his statistics about undocumented immigrants make up 37 percent of homicide rate anyone?
Gonna be the governor of New Mexico 
The one dude plays too many damn video games.  X-Ray border?!?!
Scientifical
Leroy is a brainless inbred..... change my mind !!!
Leroy is a typical liberal. All talk, no  coherence
Wow....
He really thinks this is Fahrenheit 451
That kid is about as sharp as a bag of wet mice.
My family has been in Mexico since 1550, but Im not Mexican. Im Spanish.
LOL
That dude did not have the necessary iq
Bro, WTF did I just watch? Leroy please do not pro-create.
the wall is still a fucking ridiculous idea and trump knows it
There is no wage gap change my mind
I feel like most ppl think that if we build a wall that means No more ppl from other countries..even though thats not the case
Omg that Spanish dude has me dying
Finally, more Change My Minds, love learning new things. Its pretty bad that I have learned more from here than I have in school.
I am for immigration reform but I'm against the wall. I think that the wall would be ineffective since people can build tunnels, climb over, be snuck through checkpoints, or simply come over the most common way illegal immigrants already come. That is to come on a work visa and then not leave when their visa runs out. Large empty land masses and desserts can be patrolled by air and giving them more funding for border patrol officers and maybe some walls in particular areas would be more effective and cheaper.
Is that guy an idiot?
How on Earth did Steven not burst out laughing at the x-ray border with check points around the country....
X-ray border? Lmfao
Give the guy credit for having the balls to show his face and show what a fucking moron he is.
Try this somewhere at a sanctuary city like southern california. A place dominantly populated by Latinos n Hispanics. I'd gladly support the event if possible.
You sure do have a lot of patience Steven Lol. That 2nd dude was ridiculous
X-ray machines  are not exactly green, nor cost effective. This would also have every country chip it's citizens  like pets. I am not ready  for 1984!
Why is crowder even having this conversation? This guy is the reason we need to deport 
HOW DO I DEPORT/REPORT THEM? 
That lady gave me the best laugh I had in a long time!
People like that guy scare the ever living crap out of me
you know that guy didn't really have that bad of an argument. because if we have these ports or stations that tag these tags that these immigrants have when they first enter the country. it would keep track of all of them and if one decided to go Rogue and not want to pay taxes or whatever anytime they enter any City any store it was being that tag it's kind of a good solution but it's going to cost a lot but if you really think about it it's not that bad of an idea. but we should still have our borders but again those tags aren't a bad idea
I like your arguments but this one.... Yeah man it's a pretty easy one to change your mind on
The whole reason that we want a border is so that our country remains White. Come on people we know there's a IQ gap with these Mexicans and the native white populations. If these people continue to come in and breed at the rate that they are they will outnumber us and vote for the left destroying our country. They will transform the United States into Mexico for that is the culture they naturally create. We need a place for white Americans to survive and prosper we know that the day of the Rope is coming for us if we do not secure an existence for our people and a future for white children.
X-ray gates ftw,
Build that wall fuck these wet backs back to mexico let America worry about Americans and let Mexico worry about mexicans build that wall 1000 feet tall would be fine with me.
i have therory about why steven pretty much always wins the arguments on this show


i believe that this show has been produced in such o format where steven has a massive advantage in these arguments. one thing you have to relise is that steven must prepare for this show by doing research and by preparing what he has to say. But the people who go on the show dont do research because they dont know that it is going to be there.
Build the X-Ray border! Painful to watch someone so naive.
Theres no reason we should deport people who have been here for years working and who havent gotten into any serious trouble. Them and their families should be given a fast track to citizenship.
Also, an X-ray gate is fucking stupid. You don't need X-rays to read ID's, Xrays just give you cancer. That shit works on ISM frequencies. (sub 3GHz)
Steven please redo this one with competent individuals
Just tax them holmes
I stupid feel after last persons talk.
That ending.
I felt my iq dropping with every word.
Wow....just, wow.
I got a headache listening to that first dude OMG
I think he should have went to a state close to the border lol an get people real opinions
We need x-ray machines to read the microchips that we tag them with. I'll be working with scientists and other smart people to make this happen when I become Governor of Santa Fe. Mom says if I'm late for dinner again I'm on my own, so I gotta go Steven! I hope I edumacted you. ;)
BUILD that damn wall 



Change me mind
FAKE NEWS from Crowder:

http://criminology.oxfordre.com/view/10.1093/acrefore/9780190264079.001.0001/acrefore-9780190264079-e-93

Some people are concerned that immigrants are violent and engaged in particular types of violent crime. To address this concern, Martinez, Lee, and Nielsen (2004) studied drug and homicide crime in Miami, Florida, and San Diego, California, to determine if there is a relationship between violent crime and immigration. Although both cities have a large Hispanic and immigration population, Martinez et al. found that foreign-born persons were not responsible for the communities drug and violent crime. The increase in crime was associated with second-generation youth, who were more likely to be involved in homicides related to drug offending in both communities. According to the researchers, segmented assimilation among second-generation youth can explain criminal patterns, since Mexican American youth in poor neighborhoods, despite cultural assimilation, committed violent crimes. If, however, immigrant families had economic stability (e.g., jobs), their offspring were not likely to engage in drug-related homicides.

Martinez, Stowell, and Lee (2010) analyzed the relationship between homicide and immigration in San Diego during periods of major increases in the foreign-born population (19802000). They wanted to test the immigrant paradox. The paradox is that despite social disorganization theorys prediction that people living in socially disorganized neighborhoods will have higher crime rates, communities with large immigrant populations have lower levels of crime. Martinez et al. posited that immigrants exhibit strong social controls (education and mental health attributes) and rejuvenate neighborhoods that had been previously considered to be high-crime inner-city communities. While the researchers found that socially disorganized neighborhoods experienced increases in homicides, they also found that, when communities had an influx of immigrants, there were fewer homicides. Their findings suggest that while certain neighborhoods foster crime, if recent immigrants settle in socially disadvantaged neighborhoods, the impact on the violent crime rate can be nullified.

Sampson, Morenoff, and Raudenbush (2005) analyzed data for Chicago between 1995 and 2002 to determine if ethnic and racial differences in neighborhoods account for residents engaging in violence. They found that age, recent immigration status, and ethnicity matters when analyzing crimes of violence. Youth in all race and ethnic groups are more likely to engage in violence, and the level of violence peaks at ages 17 or 18. In addition, they found that recent immigrants engaged in less violence than their offspring; third-generation immigrants had higher levels of violence than second-generation, and second-generation immigrants had higher levels of violence than first-generation immigrants. When considering race and ethnicity, African Americans had higher levels of violence than whites, and whites had higher levels of violence than Mexican Americans, even when controlling for neighborhood composition. Neighborhoods matter: if a neighborhood had a higher level of violence prior to changed social demographics (changes in the immigrant population), then the odds that persons in the neighborhood would engage in violence were significantly higher than in other neighborhoods.
Yo I'm Spanish and this dude is a straight idiot and does not represent us latinos/Hispanics lol. Dudes a dumdass
An X-ray boarder....Now why the hell didn't I think of that right along with our government.....
Wtf, is this idiot describing an episode of futurama? God bless America, build the wall .
Second guy, without knowing it, literally is making an argument encouraging people to come here legally. And then goes on to recommend that we should use Star Trek technology to tax illegals - Ladies and gentlemen, the left
He was proposing a global surveillance system of some sort, putting electronic chips in everybod...etc.(666).
That guy looks as Spanish as my Irish grandmother. And he has the brain of a potato. No. A potato is smarter.
ummmmmm...
So if watch some of your clips from time to time i'm a freeloader and / cheap prick? Ok then I'll stop, unsubscribed .
For the love of god.... Deport stupid Mexicans like this guy.
Leroy can pretend all day hes "SPANISH" buts that dudes family and roots are a buncha MEXICANS lol. He has just been told by one of his stuck up TIAS that he has pure spanish blood running through his veins LMFAO! Ya right! Lol the look on Crowders face after listening to this tonto Mutt is freakin hilariously PRICELESS!!! HAHA!!!!
Not Gay Jared in the background around 6:40...
Those Mexicans that claim to be Spanish LOL
It amazes me how many intellectually vapid people there is out there
even when confronted with statistics, this liberal cuck faggot tries to justify it ... 7:00 +
Im from santa fe NM and this guy just made us look so foolish.  Hes completely clueless.
X-ray border :)))))))))
Maybe people wouldn't try to get into America illegally if it wasn't so hard to become a citizen. Citizenships and citizenship tests can cost a lot which isn't ideal for a low income Mexican family. Some people just can afford them. My dad is Canadian and lives here in America, he's not a citizen after 15 years of living in the states because he can't afford it. Not because he can't save up or is responsible enough but because between student loans, his inability to get scholar ships in USA from Canada, and the price of citizenships, the odds were stacked against them. We don't need a wall we need a gate, a gate were we can get well earned citizensships for cheap.
Oh boy
Make one on veganism
Building the wall is just a waste of money and pointless
Why is so hard for these people  to understand the difference between legal and illegal
BUILD THE X-RAY BORDER!
I think after that.. We might need a better part two.
Crowder always hated the wall and owned by Joe Rogan. (((Shill)))
Illegal aliens mostly do manual labor and are overwhelmingly poor... they are going to be consuming a lot more in government spending than they contribute in taxes if you make them legal citizens.
Wow. I think that says it all. Jesus!
Omg these people 
God both of them were idiots
New levels of retardation have been exposed, Crowder is amazing!
This guy says" make them take a test whatever test they have to take". He's not here legally. And he's an idiot. If they have a job, they're going to get taxed, unless they get paid under the table, which is another " Change my Mind" episode.
Here is my problem with a wall: Its stupid because its super expensive, and it doesn't really work. Its just not worth the money. It just costs a lot of money.
I laughed so hard when that Mexican dude said he was Spanish
that mexican is dumb as fuck. 'xcuse my language.
Guy: So there should be some kind of an xray machine or xray gate that reads yoursbody and gives you an ID.

So you don't support a wall... But you support a super high tech x-ray gate that scans your body and gives an ID code?
This guy just described a dystopian future I dont want to live in.  Also 5 years till we have an X-ray border wall thing what ever he said.  I honestly dont know.
Do this again!! do this again!!!!!!
Guy sounds like he hasn't gone to school for shit.
Steven how do you deal with the ignorance of the kid's today? Kudos sir! Keep it up!
Man these people are kinda slow... Im not for the wall... reason being is, they will always have ways to bring what they want over or under a wall so it basically does nothing I just give a false sense of safety for most American when in reality it doesnt do shit except waste tax payer money. Donald trump knew what he was doing with he promised this wall he knew it would reach the masses dumb America and it would help get the vote for him to be in office but I know hes much smarter than you think and Im pretty sure even he know that will not stop anything from coming through. At the end of the day Mexicans or whoever has that wall in front of them will figure a way to get through it...
What kind of drugs was that guy on?
I wish I could have been there to talk about this I am a Mexican I think I could have had a better discussion about it
Living in America is not som kind of human right.
That white shirt guy is high as fuck
When my grandfather came to this country, the officals asked him two hurtful, racist questions.  a)if he had a sponsor, already in this country, who would support him or b) if he had some type of marketable skill. Since he was able to reply in passable english that he was a trained stonemason, they let him in.  Unfortunately, nobody was progressive enough to give him welfare or other freebies, so he was only able to be married for sixty years, raise three children, build his own house, work in the coal mines, and make extra money by building the town firehall and post office.
SMART MAN CROWDER AS ALWAYS, and your next topic should be BRINGING PEOPLE IN MERIT BASE?
These are Mexican immigrants or Mexican Americans. They dont know anything about Mexican politics nor American politics. They are uneducated and ignorant. Real Mexicans know better.
3.5% commiting 37% of homicide where did you get that number? id like a source
We have a economic problem and have a lot of debt yet a wall is the solution. How about we actually focus on paying the debt. We as a nation don't have the luxury to build a wall, and even with a wall it wouldn't be secure as many think. Focus on taking down the crime syndicates. Ill cost less money and solve the problem. Make a easier way for people to come work legally and with that many problems can be solved. Securing our borders is kmportant but fixing our country is more important.
This man did not say "I would have to get a group of select geniuses to figure this out" tf hahahhhahahah. How does he take himself serious?
Hmmm.. digital ID still hackable but also can be upgradable.. it might also use as valid ID, or use it in grocery store..  but it really cost alot.. iduno.. mmmm..  Mark Dice looks like dead pool by the way at the last part xD
I think, like, we just need to have, like a Superman-like figure to fly up and down our open border, like, to stop the illegal immigrants and be like, yo, gimme those taxes! Like....
So, Spanish guy, whats keeping these new citizens from applying to welfare? Can't tax someone if they're not working.
Leroy has my vote
I hope the hispanic dude you spoke to never runs for office - talk about ZERO rational logic.  Of course, he's getting "an education" at your nearest cesspool aka center of higher learning. (OMG!  I wrote this before 11:40 - this numbnut is totally taken with himself - what kind of an insufferable megalomaniac and self-serving tyrant will he be in a few years?!)

"Sure they commit disproportionate crime, but just give them a SS # and make money off of them, because we all know they'll stop breaking the law after you give them citizenship and give them a SS#.  After all, since crime does pay why continue engaging in it?"

Geezus.  Fuckin chicken with its head cut off.  These are the fucking morons supporting no borders, because of course it's working SO WELL in Europe right now. smh
So.. no border, but the government knows everywhere i go at any given time!?
Holy fuck there are alot of stupid fucking people. "I don't believe in borders" well why don't you fuck the hell off man, "taxs those people who come in" yeah then what they ask for representation and get to vote? Because you can bet your ass the "No-Taxation-Without-Representation" thing will come after that soon enough.
Why have a real wall when you can have a highly radioactive, expensive X ray wall
What if they just walk around the x ray machine?
This guy is so stupid. Lol.
We aren't getting your fucking meme wall. If we have a wall they will just use boats to get around it whether they send them to the east cost or west cost it won't do much
We waste millions and trillions of dollars on the drug war. Bahaha
The issue with the taxing them argument cant work im the end. They come here to evade economic oppression. Why would they come here to be disproportionately taxed in which could very well put them in the same position they left. Could lead them to the same or more criminal situations such as extortion and selling drugs to make those ends meet in that case they may as well stay back. Plus it bring up discriminatory issues eventually !! One would have to think on that some more.
I love how that guy says just give them citizenship as if it's that easy and cheap... I have friends and family who have spent thousands of dollars and 10+ years to gain citizenship while paying thousands of dollars to stay legally in America. Paying for work visa and applying for citizenship is expensive as hell, so I can see why illegal immigrants do it, but it's not fair for those who do it legally.
They act like America is their goody bag. Its NOT! It's not just about taxes. You are stealing jobs. If I hear Hard Working one more time, I will scream. I've lived in other countries. I had to come home.  People CAN relocate.
This guy's preferred idea includes identifying everybody who comes into the country and getting them all to pay taxes (not just sales tax).  Even if you could get the former to happen, the latter would not.
Seems that people who are against building the wall have misinformation about the problem like the two people that were interviewed. Those who offer a solution pretty much want the static quo. An example  open borders and a run round border security  like we had in the last 30 years. Goes to show some people  do not want change.
Its drugs. Thats it.. not drugseh. Theres no extra syllable after the s.
Maximum cringe
Two dumb asses in this vid. Do this in Arizona!!!
Something tells me that second fella didn't get the best grades in school...
Room temperature IQ
I support deportation but not the wall because the most of illegal immigrants come by plane avtually and the wall would cost so much money and wouldn't be able to fix the costs for a very long time increasing the American debt and it would also need a lot of security that would make it even harder to pay off the debt.
the last guy just suggested a Digital wall
The guy from new mexico has a really active imagination.
RIP first lady
These are the two to change your mind?... 

Steven should set up debates with actual informed people instead of kids and random people who cant even conjure a debatable opposition. Steven comes prepared and well read, the other side should too. At this point, Steven is just having fun with these shallow arguments. Always fun seeing libturd get wrecked buuuut #uptheantesteven
5:30 - Yes, Trump did say that illegal immigrants are bring in a lot of crime and he is COMPLETELY right.  The US Sentencing Commission looked into the numbers: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SDdkkTLCUUQ& (check 1:50 mark)

The numbers are staggering and this is a HUGE case for building the wall, besides the other legal cases.
that guy wants to party like its 1984
Oh Steven, why do you always talk to poorly informed people? I appreciate that the guy is putting thought into the issue, but man that's some out there ideas that are highly implausible.
The dude who wants to be governor has no clue about anything.
What do you get from building a wall ? Eventually its going to be destroyed, thats inevitable. Its really just a waste of money. The USA should focus on bigger problems, like gang violence before wasting money on a wall.
That guy lives in a different world
we should raise taxes of the middle class and rich to help pay for the wall.
That face at the end says it all. No need to even explain what you thought about that guy lmao
Love your content Steven. Keep it up. Please lemme kno if you ever come to Lubbock, Texas. We have a major collage here for more content and also I would like to have a debate with you
Please do, "Capitalism is currently the best economic system available. Change my mind."
They don't send their smartest...
Dude that Spanish dude was obviously tweeking he was jaw jacking like crazy and didnt understand that he was explaining a wall with x ray scanners in it hahaha he had no idea he was agreeing to build a wall
New Mexico must have some stupid people.
Do this in Arizona!!!
Hahahaha his face at the end
I can kind of see both sides of this immigration issue. Every country has the right to protect their borders and keep tabs on people coming in and out of their country period! But at the same time countries with powerful governments and military like the U.S. went into these countries especially in Latin america during the 20th century, and did some horrible fucked up things. Then these countries were stricken by war, poverty, drugs, no stable economy/government, then the citizens flee to places like the U.S. It's kind of like karma. I read an article with sources, where they've listed like 20 horrible corrupt things the U.S. has done in Latin america in the past 100 years or so. And that's of what we know. It makes you think.
That first lady breaks my heart, she wants to do the right thing, but doesn't know how to do it :(
This guy is annoying and foolish
Finally a more interesting change my mind topic
Well. . there ya have it....
Just felt embarrassed for that New Mexico guy...
It is so easy to change Steven's mind, just tell him a wall is useless, put small outposts along the border and fill them with veterans, that's the solution.

But that people is so stupid to come up with something good.
Nobody wants to sit down and talk because even though they disagree and have (limited) opinions on the wall... they think that their stances are so obvious and righteous that all they have to do is yell rather than provide a real argument.
why did you waste your time with that retard? he couldnt even give you a straight answer... it was like talking to someone who has done at least 2 lines
An X-ray wall is this total recall lol
Hooey, if all of the illegals are as bright as the guy from New Mexico, then I can easily see why the liberals want them to be voting citizens. Bunch of sheep.
The second guy was stupid and had no valid arguments, hes just saying his opinion on what the government should do, go back to college campuses please.
GOOD HEAVEN'S were on earth those people lives not in this world,
1 guy says in future we can go anywhere without wall.
He should get more informed that was the dream of the left EUROPE.
Its not working europeans countries are building protections walls,
around their monuments publics space INSIDE THEIR OWN CITY'S, LUDICROUS its not even funny...
The Law, is the Law, is the Law..... Millions more could LAWfully immigrate, but illegals are hurting them more, and more.
See kids!  This egg is your brain. This hot frying pan is drugs.  When you put the egg on the hot frying pan, youre logic will be like this Spanish dude.  Yup! An X-ray wall of some sort to keep track of illegals. Ok. Wait... what?!?  Lol
Tons of conservatives and libertarian are against building the wall for financial reasons, but still believes in immigration policy that can be enforced. I'm surprised you didn't get any of those types to discuss with you.
First one sounds like an idiot at work that said Trump is racist cause he wants to deport all Mexicans per her listing to the fake news. She sounds like the same. This started cause I was looking at a Fox News article on President Trump and she called him racist. I asked why. She said he wants to deport Mexicans. I said nope he wants to deport those that are here illegally. Then said prove where he said anything else. She basically ran away. Second dude that said his family is Spanish guess he doesn't know how the Spaniards killed the tribes in Mexico. Just like the English killed the American Indians yet not to the same point the Spaniards did.

ETA: where is the video of the dude that kept contradicting himself?
That man was on drugs but I thought Caucasians had the highest rate of overall crime
End the drug wall and so many of these problems would be eased.
The Spanish guy watches too many movies. Electronic X-ray Wall!
Why even give this clueless Spaniard any airtime at all - he is completely incoherent
13:16 - 13:17 Crowder decides to audition for "The Office."
He will become the governor of New Mexico. His mouth writes checks that his *ss can't cash.. In that aspect he's already a great politician.
Also..
#MarkOfTheBeast
#MakeItReal
#GiantFreeFlowingXRayWall
#XRayWallThatCanNotFall
I think immigrants should be able to come and work, but we need to know who is entering the country, enforce the border. Take down welfare or reinforce who receives it so we dont have people coming in and not doing anything positive and living off of citizens taxes. (I dont know if its clear what Im saying ) Any comments?
The face Steven made at the end was fucking priceless!
His family came over from Spain to North American in 1515 = Mexican. But I can't wait for the technology that scans people and tags them so they can be taxed. (He is a free thinker, free from reality.)
He bout to get her killed.
I bet I could totally change Stevens mind on the wall.
The wall cost so much money it is just retarded to actually spend any money on it especially sense its a wall you can get over a wall.
The xray thing kind of makes sense
It the last guy half Mexican half Korean?
YOU ARE A COMPLETE RETARD,,, CHANGE MY MIND ..... YEAH,, PUNISH THE ILLEGALS, MAKE THEM CITIZENS AND GIVE THEM SS #'S, TAX THEM TO THE HILT,, AND WASTE THAT MONEY AND GIVE IT TO IDIOTS AND CRIMINALS..
but if we did the tagging system people would argue saying "BUT WE ARE MORE THAN NUMBERS" llol
Edit: 11:04
"Some kind of x-ray scanner"
That's what I want. Every time I leave the country, someone gets a picture of my dong.
Border should be strictly enforced on All sides not just Mexican border. Those Muslims responsible for 9 11 came from Canada. Huge crime Lord's operate in and out of Florida, New York, and California
Fuck, that Spanish (but not really?) guy was painfully annoying to listen to.
This video is an IQ vacuum
Dude this actually gave me a headache, the guy he interviewed has absolutely no fucking clue what hes talking about and couldnt keep his train of thought going in the same direction for longer than 30 seconds, smaller attention span than a damn goldfish
My intelligence was just disturbed.
Hahahahhahahahaha. An xray machine. That guy is amazing.
What can you possibly say to these people.They will only understand when they lose a job.Or loose a loved one.
Jesus, these people are ignorant as fuck.
jesus, what is this hellhole... i feel sorry for you 56%-ers
I want to see you do something like this in San Antonio
I am not for building the wall because I think it would be a waste of resources. 
I also think that we need to ACTUALLY enforce the laws we have. And then maybe reform the laws to be more effective. 
The only way to stop illegal immigration is that eliminate the incentives for breaking the rules.
X R A Y B O R D E R
This guy is a fucking idiot!!!! Interview someone who has an IQ of over 70 at least Jesus Christ
Wow, so... that guy Leroy is either mentally handicapped or has never thought about any of this for a single second before he sat down to argue it. I don't know know if I've EVER seen a more uninformed, fantastical, absurd "argument" even on the internet. I mean, come on: magical impossible and eye-wateringly expensive x-ray spy tech is cool for the border, but a wall is going too far? Leroy is special for real! 
And one day he plans on being the governor of New Mexico... a state that actually elected a Libertarian governor. Watch this space, yall; this kid is tooootally going places!
I think that the wall is just a waist of money but I do agree with the fact that we need to crack down on people illegally entering the country the wall will cost like 14 billion from what I remember and there are still other ways that people can get into the country like (plane, tunnels, secret compartments in vehicles).
P.S.: I am writing this off of memory from a debate I did in school so don't roast me.
I can only say lol. This shit was hilarious. How do people get so stupid. Keep up the good work though Steven.
Please redo this at a school pleaseeeeee, these arguments were horrible
It's 2018 walls don't mean shit ,go back in time and they didn't mean anything ,just a symbol nothing more .
I think its stupid how most people cant make a remotely sound argument against the wall because they are so worked up about trump
Why build a wall I wanna know?
Build the wall keep the fuckers out I think it ought to be open season man woman child he is seeing a legal you shoot them on site and all you people that hire him you are to be shot too cuz your criminals so build the wall cuz it's not right the ones that do things right there come over here pay their taxes work their ass off and get their citizenship keep them fuck the rest of them man woman child don't matter kill them sorry ass pics wetbacks
Supporting building a wall via socialism actually destroys Crowders change my mind segment for Socialism Is Evil
i dont like how you kept the audio in that she obviously didnt want the mic to pick up.
Can we just get this wall built already?
Second guy makes no since lmao 
I feel like the only thing I took away from this is that the girl in the background has a cute butt
Please never let the second guy be our governor
An X ray border that links everyone (who comes through) into a database? sounds super expensive. how about we save more money and build a wall?
13:14 that face when you lost some brain cells
Wait a minute.....black dudes are responsible for 50% of homicides and you are saying illegal immigrants are responsible for 30 plus percent of homicides?
What percentage of the black male murderers are also illegal immigrants.
When I read these stats I always assume they were black African Americans and not illegal immigrants.
On the face of it you appear to be saying that between them they are responsible 80% + of all murders.
Anyone else get a 25 minute ad from Tai Lopez? 
Blur the woman's badge!!!!!!
I don't see how the New Mexican Spaniard DIDNT see that his plan doesn't work if people DON'T want to have a "border ID tag" because they don't want their illegal conduct being tracked. ??? Therefore, a border barrier is required logistically to funnel people to/thru a checkpoint.
Taxing illegals, Good luck doing that the government dont know anything about them.
Hahah, legalizing and taxing them won't happen.  All the parties involved are already refusing due process for their own gain.  If you allow de facto slavery, you can't make your slaves into citizens, or else you have to pay them a legal minimum wage and be registered and monitored by the government in all your business practices, and that hurts your business.  You wouldn't just be able to pay them cash off the books in exchange for not ratting them out anymore!  They don't WANT to pay taxes, and aside from expensive and highly invasive crackdowns on every small local business, nothing is going to stop them from illicitly inviting and harboring cheap-ass labor off the books.  It's like slavery; too many people see it as an economic necessity.  If you can't convince state government to cooperate with the Feds as it is, how are you going to convince the slavemasters themselves?

Now they can't do the invasive crackdown without total hardline support from all agencies involved, and the months or years of downtime alone in all the agricultural operations during this illegal labor crackdown would create food shortages or at the very least an economic panic for a very long time.  The Wall is the only answer.  It'll allow us to slowly drain ourselves of immigrants and replace the work force from our own willing population.  We can't have another civil war over this.  Build the Wall.
These same people who don't want a wall, lock their doors, have a fence and wouldn't let these people just move into their house. Hypocrites
"go green global" lmao
I find these people that don't want the wall in the video is becouse Trump simply suggested it. The people all agree about knowing who comes In through the border. But how can you do that with out the securing our border.. an xray wall?! (Wtf is that )All these peoples suggestions different ideas but none of then can be done if we can't secure our border. A wall really helps.
even you build a wall, they can go through you beaches just like in Europe.
We owe it to our citizens and LEGAL immigrants to stop illegal immigrants from gaining access to this country. I really dont understand how thats arguable.
#BuildThatXrayWall
You guys don't know yet?.. Trump is bringing the Great Wall of China to America!
Most of the illegal immigrants are going to the usa  because they want a better future for their families and because the life in their countries is really hard and finding a job with a good income is easier in USA than in their country. Unfortunately the immigrants don't have the privilege of a easy life like Americans and sometimes they made crimes with the purpose of surviving. I'm sure that if the government give a opportunity to the immigrants to have a formal job the rate of  crimes would be lower  because a 99% of immigrants go to USA to work hard but most of the time they don't have the opportunity of getting a job and they need to do crimes to be able of survive. 
Life is really hard for them and building the wall is not the beat thing to do in my opinion.
8:45 Wow this guy literally says "in the next 5-10 years country borders will not be a thing."
That guy wants open open borders and a digital code that tracks us..yikes! Its weird that today's resistance is for more government control hahah . He's a  poster boy for the NWO.
Forgot to blur first woman's badge.
Find a smart one Steven dang!
Well this was a cluster fuck
The second guy is absolutely confused
my head hurts
I love the look on Jareds face as he is listening to that guy's bs. I don't know how Steven didn't burst out laughing.
Family has been in New Mexico since 1550, county was founded in 1776...
Where is Steven getting the statistic that illegal immigrants are committing 37% of the murders in the US? We always hear the stat that black people are commiting ~50% of the murders so between black people and illegal immigrants we're talking over 80% of the murders? That seems inaccurate.
Seems 1) they kind of want some better border protection or 1) To scared to "outwarding" agree 2) Don't know what the wall actually is (better border protection) 3) Confused regardless thanks to the MSM misinformation and fear mongering. 4) Have delusional support from white liberals who just yell out abuse, so never really had any constructive and rational debate with anyone else.
this was sad 
go to another more populated place
It is a shame that there wasn't any real discussion. 
I would have liked to see someone bring up the potential effectiveness of a wall in regards to the high percent of illegal immigrants that arrive by plane, and the significant impact a wall would have ecologically speaking. Also the financial cost of building and maintaining it, assuming it was given automated systems to not need to be fully manned (surveillance equipment).
Instead we got... x-ray borders.. /facepalm

(I am  against the wall, but I am not pro illegal immigration.)
A lot of Hispanics I know (legal) really hate illegals. They worked their ass to get here legally while illegals exploit the libtard hearts.
I support protection along the border however I think that building a wall is pretty short sighted. I'm not saying I have a magic solution I just suggest that we look into further advancing technology (let's say drones for shits, longer battery easier to manipulate in weather and just basics, etc.) instead of basically throwing away money. People could probably just hop the fence, would effectively need more border patrol for a slow and boring job, spend a ton of money not only on the wall itself but also iT's GoInG tO HavE UPKeeP and that going to cost even more. Find a way for technology to watch the border I guess is what I am getting at, sending a group of specialized group of officers to a specific place just makes more sense than just mass number sitting and waiting.
I'm actually getting bored of these, simply because no-one makes even a close to valid argument against Steven :'D
Dude I'm for the wall but I could make a better argument against it than these people
It would be nice to see Steve sit down and talk with an actually smart Liberal.  Not to see them destroy each other, I just think it would be entertaining to see two intellectuals with opposing views arguing about society.
I can't watch the change my mind episodes, because i get too frustrated with these idiots.
X ray  scanner ?? But no wall ?? Ok lol
IMOPRTANT: With the new regulations in California I know need to submit to the California DMV 3 forms of REAL ID to continue my 2nd amendment right. Since we now issue ID's to anyone I now need to prove after 51 years that I am actually who I say I am to buy a gun or fly on a plane. My current ID is no longer valid for anything Federal. Explain to me how it has cone to pass that the constant is now the one proving residence.
Hahaha. I'm gonna have to sit down with some masterminds. I'll get back to you
Man, that guy is sooooo fucking stupid, it literally hurts my fucking head
That face at the end xD You were probably thinking, "WTF did I just listen too."
Seriously what's the problem? I am honestly confused on what is so confusing about the simple concept known as ILLEGALZ? What do these people not understand about illegal, we can't just go flaunting into their country, or any other country and hide in a sanctuary City, we have to do it legally with a passport or by being a legal citizen...... And that's the problem, they do not understand that so they think they could just come over here, there for the wall would be necessary,, it's called security people it's a very simple concept
More intelligent conversations needed!
Why so short?
An X-Ray border sounds really efficient and effective. Lol 
I won't say the rest of what I'm thinking. Haha
I got a Trump ad 
These videos are so hard to watch because the average American off the street doesnt know enough to have a real conversation about anything political its so cringe
The First Lady truly made it a real thing. Most of these idiots have know idea there are criminals coming in and out of the US from Mexico illegally. Her statements really put this shit into perspective! There are soooo many criminals coming in and out of the US! Its unacceptable
That guy sounds like he approves of the New World Order lol 
[bar codes, scanners, no borders - separating countries] 
Lmao!!!
Stop watching the video once you get to 4:10 . The person who sat down at that point has no clue what hes saying and is saying it VERY loudly.
Hahaha a X-ray boarder with a written statement on why your going lol I'm going for governor
I just think its immoral
Nice Jim stare at the end.
The meme I would post about the second guy is : Oh no... It's retarded...
This guy's intellect is unmatched
I wish I can change ur mind about this, which I know I can without saying all this nonsense and give u actual reasoning instead of what the majority of this uneducated specimens are telling you
He dumb in got his on show
I have to say I agree with some of the things you bring up in these segments but I dissagree with this one. My problem with the wall is its just a political grandstanding move that would cost us taxpayers.. If it were donation based funded I'm fine with that, although I really don't understand the use. Historically walls don't work, so in a time when we have helicopters, planes, boats, submarines, and machines that can dig through our earth underground, I'm less than convinced your going to stop much drug trafficking. The cartels have fuck you money and they will find a way to get the product to the streets. So the only people you would be stopping with a wall are the people in desperation the ones who try and trek across the dessert with their kids to give em better lives and honestly imo if they make it to the US and they are non violent they should definitely get a path to citizenship.
If there's not going to be a border just annex Mexico
Press F for respect. Poor woman is gonna get killed by the illegals that are loan sharks in her building for outing them to millions of people on the web. She probably owes them money and is trying to get them deported so she doesnt have to pay them back. Pretty fucking smart actually.
You blur her face, but no the ID. Lol fail.
Tax illegal immigrants.......

What in the fuck kind of idea is that??
>the problem is not going to fix itself, and its never going to go away, so lets just make it worse
That guy is unto something here.
I see I'm not the only one that feels less intelligent after watching that..... the Leroy part at least
"I'm not Mexican, i'm Spanish my family has been in New Mexico since the 1500's"

If your family was in New Mexico since the 1500's your ass is Native Mexican, Mexican are part Spanish. 

He does not look 100% Spanish excuse me 
Build the wall ....
Isnt an X-ray border still a controlled border though?
They just come in with a visa and continue to stay once it has expired.
Anti Brick Wall. Pro XRay Wall. 

Oh umm okay.
Electronically Tagging people??? As if that won't be considered a human rights violation!
That second guy is Def on something
I bet that guy would also defend pedophilia and incest if the discussion was about Islam.
America, please build that wall, I wish we had one in the UK
Wow! Maybe not only a wall for Old Mexico might need one for New Mexico too! If that guy ever becomes govenor lord help them all. But they did have Gary Johnson.
This shouldve been longer and if drugs were legal and regulated the cartels would lose a lot of momentum
His fucking face at the end lolol
Bless his heart
6:33 You said that illegal immigrants commit 37% of murders/homicides but that isn't true (I've found on article that states this but it was wrong).. For example federal data shows that in 2015 illegals did 5.5% of murders.  Which I'll admit is still too much being only 3.5% of the population.  All other crimes they do commit a way larger disproportional rate though as well(robbery, kidnapping, drugs possession/trafficking ect)
How disconnected from reality was the last guy?! An X-ray border, because that wouldn't cost a FORTUNE, amirite?
You should do this question again at a college. Like I'm against the wall and all but these were horrible debates. He used the word scientifical
As an unfortunate resident of California the reality of illegal immigration is part of the culture here. The reality is that our construct is is that illegal immigration is integral to the economic health of the state as a hole. As a bug club subscriber i can say that in an unbiased option have found the illegals are just looking for a better life. I still feel border security id important but there is no doubt that the democratic party is solely concerned about the vote.
Im glad HOMEBOY recorded it also...So he watch it Over and Over to see how STUPID HE SOUNDS
The wall is pointless imo. Arguably even detrimental. 

Consider that most illegals in the country these days didn't actually run across a border. Many came on boat, a plane, etc, and another large chunk are overstaying visas. That's not to say a wall wouldn't deter illegal influx, but it certainly isn't the primary component, and it's arguably not as useful anyway.

I claim the wall would be ineffective because walls already exist. Mexico has one along its southern end. This hasn't stopped Guatemalan, Honduran, Salvadoran, Colombian, and Venezuelan influx at all. Drugs, illegal firearms, and illegal immigrants still flood past those walls into Mexico, and then the US and Canada. Adding one more wall isn't much of an obstacle when there are many up already. 
In modern day, the only effective border "wall" is the one along North Korea. It's an extremely militarized zone that shoots anything that moves, and has robots and minefields everywhere designed to automatically kill anything that comes near. The US could never set up such a border, we'd be considered inhumane by the rest of the developed world, and have the opportunistic Chinese and Russians and EU ready to "spread democracy" onto us for once. 

Then, let's consider the cost. "Mexico will pay for the wall" has always been a meme, we all know this. This wall is coming out of our pocket, and contributing to the disastrous mess the national budget has become. It might not even provide the benefit people expect. In other words, we're paying for a product that already exists in other countries and has not done much.

Finally, let's consider the implications behind it. The immigrant communities seem to consider the wall to be a symbol of hostility: racism, xenophobia, whatever. Whether they're correct to harbor such sentiment is irrelevant: the fact is that they do. And because they do, the wall would serve to create a further divide internally. Republican support from minority communities saw an increase leading up to Trump's election. Can we afford to divide and alienate these same groups? I'm not sure. 

It's not of debate that illegal immigration is harmful to the country. It absolutely needs to be remedied. But a wall, imo, does very little to target the actual problem.
How does that second guy verbalize words without closing his mouth?
"I've been planning on being the governor of New Mexico"
So... we shouldnt intrude upon illegal immigrants with a border wall...but requiring people to be chipped and tracked by the government at invisible checkpoints is totally kosher. Did I get that right?
Can you come to Los Angeles?
I just don't think it's worth the cost. Walls haven't stopped people since they invented the ramp, ladder, and rope. This is a waste of money
funny because illegals cost 135 billion tax dollars and only pay 19 billion in tax
Fastuh drugsuh , scientifical. Dudes funny
Protect our culture! deport ALL illegals protect your community and family. TO REPORT ILLEGAL ALIENS CALL 1-866-DHS-2ICE (1-866-347-2423).
Lol got a crowder ad
Build the wall, deport these parasites!
Thats what my mom said.





P.S. She is from Mexico.
Looks like the Mexican in the white shirt forgot to turn on his camera
That second guy was on meth
IQ. Intelligence quotient. It is something destined in your DNA, just like your hair colour and height.  Not everyone can be smart, you cant make someone more intelligent just like you cant make a white Swedish man into a black Jamaican one.  This false idea that somehow if we just give enough education and opportunity that low iq people will suddenly become high iq is well, false.  No science to prove it, lots to prove otherwise.   That being said this last guest was dumb af.
"Illegal immigrants commit crimes at a disproportionate level" yeah 100% there ILLEGAL immigrants
How do you tax illegal people, probably not known to exist?
Wtf I just got a Change Your Mind ad.
The title alone had me laughing before I even decided to watch this.
13:06 .............. So much cringe.
That Spanish guy was FUCKING DELUSIONAL LOL WTF???!! this is why this country is FUCKED!!! wow....
This was very disappointing.
Oh hells naw, get some real debaters here. These Mexicans were embarrassing, and Im one.
Wow! An x-ray border. Why didn't Trump think of that?
You are shafting that  lady that came on.
If she was my neighbour or a work colleague I would recognise her.
You either need to block her image out completely or remove the clip.
Please don't leave it like this I think you are going to be responsible for her being attacked.
Try a part 2 for this topic, too short but yeah must be hard trying to find people who will talk and not just scream.
I feel bad for the first ladie, and I really want to rip the 2nd guy but he did say he hasn't thought it through so I want to give him the benefit of the doubt 
Oh yeah build the wall!
Crowder is such a beta. And I'm not even a liberal. The dude's a pussy!
THIS guy! Lol! Whats with his strange "uh's" that he throws in? "Opiatesah" ummm no. It pronounced opiates.
I disagree with the wall primarily because I don't think it is a cost effective intervention.  The biggest problems involve tunnels and other underhanded methods.
This was so cringe 
Drugsu
That intro tho lmao
I'm as conservative as they come and disagree with you Steven. We shouldn't build a wall. We should setup military outposts along the border. Move bases near the outposts. Move 10s of thousands of troops to the area to patrol the border by land, by air, by satellite. Use drone surveillance, laser fencing, physical patrols, and practice military exercises in conjunction with border patrol... Just my $.02
Break down the fence. Don't build the wall. Build towers. Draw a gun line. Wait for them to cross and. Ya know
Did the pro illegal immigration guy just say "tag 'em," like having the border patrol agents tackling people and electronically tagging them on the ear? Like wild game?  Wow
Keep up good work Steven & Company 
Illegal immigrants caught by ICE should be put to death, change my mind.
Wow!
The king of the morons has been identified.
did anyone change his mind
The second person was an absolute and total dip shit, oh man...
Fucking interviews the 2 un educated dumb as f legal Mexicans that cant put 5 words together without stuttering... please interview someone smarter... stop showing these trash people and call this bull shit an interview.
Ummmmm.... What?
Leroy is retarded
You wouldn't believe the add that came with this video. There were Mexicans and Americans who came together at a gap in a border fence so they could play soccer accross the border. Wow, Youtube really nailing it on relevance.
https://ucr.fbi.gov/crime-in-the-u.s/2016/crime-in-the-u.s.-2016/topic-pages/tables/table-21
Bro, you're Mexican. Your ancestors adopted the Spanish language because they were conquered by Spain...
>Only 13 minutes.
nope
you did  not get the permits to set all this shit up only to make a 13 minute video.
So what makes an x-ray border different than a wall.
"...when they walk through the gate..." Gates are on fences. Fences are walls.
Jared...pull your shoulders back and flex that piece on your hip.
I bet the guy show if full of trollers LMAO!! If not they are very slow.
Can you do another episode because...I don't think I need to explain myself (maybe do it in a different setting as well)
Wait the guy said he is Spanish but says he is from New Mexico
I don't understand anything that came out of his mouth. Is he a student? Please tell me someone isn't paying for his schooling. This sounds like a very poorly thought out dystopian storyline.
"Drugs-a" "A thing of the past-a" "Database-a" This guy is talking like a southern preacher.
That "The Office" moment 
Did that last guy really call pharmaceutical drug companies drug dealers selling their drugs illegally. Who needs the FDA or pharmacies?? 
Love how the guy at 10:30 was advocating for micro-chipping people and setting up a total surveillance state.... the liberal left's wet dream apparently.
The only reason to not build a wall is due to a desire for illegal activity on the border, in my opinion.
I really think you should have done more to hide that woman's identity.  She made you aware that the info she gave you was a danger to her.  Why leave the I.D. card, voice, and unique purse???
Honestly this guy is on something. This is insane. Wtf honestly.
The second guy understand that not every one will obey the rules then why putting an X-Ray gate would make them line up to be processed? The logic there hurts my brain.
I like it when people make the effort to try and articulate their thoughts. I think I get what they guy was getting at, like checkpoints with airplane scanners. Obviously he has to chuck the "no borders" in for his buddies, it was obvious he didn't really want free flowing borders lol
The Spanish guy was pissing me off. Idiot that think his thoughts are revolutionary
This comment section is as cancer as that 16th century Mexican that sounds like he just crossed the border
Watch machete 2 , they'll dig while we build , Mexicans might as well be mole people , look into the tunnels already found in the last like 20 years
This was the least eloquent change my mind ever
haha how his face changed when leeroy said xray scanner 10:31
Everyone on this video and in the comments  are in 2018 but Leroy... Leroy is living in 3018.. X-Ray tag borders?!? Make that 4018..
Can somebody please give me a brief description of Steven Crowders facial expression at the end of the video? It was kind of off-putting
I think he was suggesting we microchip/ put trackers on people entering the country. They would also have to go through X-ray. This would all happen at different gates. But how the hell are you going to get them to go through a gate that isn't part of a wall or barrier??? At the very least a wall will make it damn near impossible for human trafficking into the country.
Leroy is on some other shit lol
Borders arent goin to disappear, they are just gonna become stricter because humans and becoming more tribalistic
Should you guys have blurred the badge?  I don't know if someone could dox her from that.
Woow! Crowder help legal immigrant to face illegal aliens gangs? And libtard who acuse Crowder being racist hide in their mansion.
did anyone find an ounce of logic in a single thing the second guy said
This guy is so cringey to listen to. I cant handle that he cant understand that the reason they came here illegally was to avoid being documented and have to pay taxes.
lol. "I'm not mexican, I'm Spanish".

lmfao!! no. you're south/central American. My family has Spanish ancestry. They're white. no such thing as non-white ethnic Spanish. the Spanish are Europeans.
was the last guy on C R A C K
....yeah tax people that aren't in the system. Ones that aren't in the system, are trafficking drugs, humans, and money in and out of this country. Illegal immigrants come from Honduras, Mexico, Russia, and many other places. Laws need to be changed to make the process faster, more in depth backgrounds and follow ups with people in this temporary citizenship status. The U.S. agricultural department hire many undocumented workers that truly came here to help their family and be a US citizen. And to those people thank you. The biggest and best argument for a wall is.... The great wall of China!! It worked. Boom end of story. Sanctuary cities need to be demolished. Undocumented citizens that are caught need to quickly and efficiently be processed. And if they commit a crime they should be handled even more severely. It will slow down if the us enforces and makes better laws regarding illegals.
That dude was talking faster than Ben Shapiro...holy shit dude; it's okay to take a breath every once in a while.
"Senor Trump... Can you toss our football back over, por favor??  
.
.
"Gracias!"
Leroy actually said we can tax people coming into the country that are poor and have NO MONEY. ROFL
Until now, I have always been in support of Steven's positions, but I believe the wall would only provide the illusion of security at a high cost.

A show I watched in the past hired 6 illegal immigrants to build a segment of wall to the proposed specifications (perhaps the specs have been revised as this show was many years ago).  It took a lot of time and money to accomplish this on a very small scale.  Then they split the illegals into 3 teams of two men.  They instructed one group to go over it, one group to go through it, and one group to go under it.  They provided the men simple tools.  Each team accomplished their tasking in under two minutes.

The proposed "wall" will need to be more intelligently designed and implemented than simply a physical barrier.   It will need sophisticated drone monitoring from above, rapid response teams of security stationed across it's vast expanse, underground detection systems to sense tunneling, engineering and maintenance teams to repair and constantly adapt it to the efforts of our undesirable, etc.. etc..

Without these controls and, no doubt, many more I haven't  considered, this wall is just a waste of money which provides only the illusion of security.  With the additional controls I mentioned, this wall may work, but will likely cost many billions of dollars in materials and human resources, to build, operate, and maintain.  It would also require new laws in place to treat those thwarted in their attempts to bypass it, as terrorists, or violators won't fear the wall.

This "wall" would also require making many small groups of special police, with the full backing of the US and Mexican governments, who are authorized to treat the dangerous illegals as terrorists, and prosecute them very harshly.  These special police would also feed information gathered through criminal arrest and interrogation, which will allow special forces groups to target  sources for this activity and eliminate them by any means necessary.  Hopefully with the collaborative efforts of the central and South American countries.

This "wall" will require all of this and more to truly stop this problem of these criminals thumbing their noses at our border and legal system.

But the cost is high, and will likely, if successful, only bring rise to a new breed of domestic criminal to supply the drugs and fill the power vacuum left by the former regime.
This turned into a vid about our failing education system...
Stop using the drugs and Mexicans will stop bringing the drugs... Stop the demand and the supply will die....
Because illegal immagrants who are already criminals are going to pay taxes?
My mother illegally crossed the US/Mexican border before I was born, and I am 100% for building the wall. Illegal immigration is disgusting behavior. Seeing unintelligent people like this try to prove their points is utterly painful since they lack the knowledge and vocabulary to put up a good argument. And the statistics of undocumented immigration speak for themselves. When are we going to wake up and start enforcing better border control??
Citations in the description please?
Second dude is the hood guy who started getting into politics last week and is now trying to preach shit with his crazy ideas haha
Where do I find this tweakers Youtube channel? That would be amazing....I can't tell if that is Adderal or Meth.
I have to say the first lady that was talking was incredibly brave to bring forward information about illegals, regardless of her initial stance.
That New Mexico hombre is on drugs !
He is a clear example of Stefan Molyneux's theories on IQ and society wellness ! 
So what that dude was saying was that there should be like an entrance of some sort where people can check in before coming into the country? Yeah, that already exists. It's called a port of entry, and what he's describing is basically LEGAL immigration. Who's going to break it to him that that's what it is, and that it already exists?
Scientifical.
Then end where he stared right into the camera reminded me of Jim from the office
Go green global LMAO
He better stop smoking the green or it's gonna get worse
How you didnt crack up when he said " idk one day i plan on being the governor of New Mexico " but yet used words such as scientifical 
One day I want to sit down at one of these to pretend to disagree with you and at the very last minute yell syyyyke NO BRAKES
"go through scanners".  Fuck that guy! Lol.  What an idiot.  With no borders, WHY WOULD THEY GO THREW YOUR SCANNERS YOU ASSHAT!   Holy fuck this dude is dumb.
First of all anyone in the U.S. illegally is a criminal, because you broke the law fence jumping. Now Steven I'd like to see a video asking why people can't stand up to their government and demand better conditions for them to stay in their own country, are they too scared to fight for their right ?

 Why do liberals feel they have to put the burden of sorrow on U.S. citizen taxpayers, but then not protesting these illegal aliens own government ?

I believe the majority of U.S. Americans really want to help, but they have been taken advantage of for so long it causes hard feeling.

We have plenty of  U.S citizens that are down on their luck homeless and disabled vets that our own government kick to the side in order to accommodate the illegal alien. U.S. citizens come first what I say.
That spanish guy seems to think we were living in the year 2300 lol
Xray gates. Lets ignore the obvious problem with that and tackle the other problem that poses. Gates are attached to walls.
Lmao this second nigga made me hurt my brain on a spiritual level. Poor crowder just has to sit there as that guy talks about futurama.
MORE OF THESE!!!
Lmfaooo xray barcode boarders    this guys lit up on something for sire
That last guy. Anti border nut job. Scary to see people like that roaming our streets. Sad!
I am against the wall, walls historically dont work, the Great Wall of China caused the invasion of China , the Maginot Line was turned against the defenders(French), the Berlin Wall cause the smuggling of people to be a thing , to increase and ,they shot people at the Berlin Wall and people still tried to cross and got around it. 21 billion dollars could be spent to stop illegal immigration in other way more useful ways such as, better training, better wages, more personal, court procedures , public education and better tech. All much more important to illegal immigration then a Wall, a Wall is only good as a symbol and barley for anything more.
He was awful to listen to. He can't talk or understand what is going on. I lost it when he said about building some sort of X-ray on the boarder 
If the border wall is too expensive then why is Leroy advocating for a way more expensive solution haha
why dont i get a notifications for your videos? malarky i say
Can you debate an intelligent person?
That guy wants to live in total recall
Brah was quoting the movie coco  if you ever saw the movie youd know what im talking about
2:43, i dont watch vox, i watch real news like stevecrowder
Please go to my school (Colorado State University) and do one of these,I would love to see them try to reason through their points
That dude is not Spanish, bullshit.
Ladies and gentlemen, the future governor of New Mexico.
Take a breath dude your spewing vomit
Im not for spending a bunch of money on some bullshit wall that wont work... we might as well build me a mansion; why? Because FUCK YOU THATS WHY!!!!
Dudes familys been here since the 1500s? He cant even speak proper English
Lets put microchips in our bodies so that the government can track us 24/7! Yay!
A xray scanner border that can read their digital Id code or have them write down why they're coming into the country. Ok first off where would they receive these id codes or present these excuse notes without a border or check point? Technology isn't magic if such tech existed it wouldn't be able to magically tag a person when they just happen step into America. If anything it would cost way more in maintenance and installation along with 24/7 cyber security than a actual wall.
TIME TO VENT: This series of "Change my mind" is one of the best ways to expose the lack of common sense that exists in America today. It shocks me how many people are genuinely delusional and can't seem to see the simple solution being proposed. Perhaps it's the media outlets today polluting and infecting the minds of the masses resulting in a lack of intellect. There's no point in inviting him back to share his grand idea of x ray scanning borders with "digital pass codes". Some people are not capable of seeing the bigger picture or adjusting their stance on a topic like this. People who think like this are operating off of someone else's logic and opinions and are simply following the leftie trend of anti-trump everything, rather than actually piecing a puzzle together (which is to build the wall) and finding common ground. They resist logic to save their ego and poisonous mindset.  This guy thinks he can solve it with his own "creativity". 

There's a concerning number of people just like this guy who's mission is to argue that you are wrong. You allow these people to  make fools of themselves. And it is necessary for the survival of the smartest. Very sad indeed
Honestly being an immigrant I cant say i hate anyone who likes trump or wants the wall. True I did commit a crime at a young age by coming here illegally but I wasnt even aware of it, I have lived a normal life like any other kid until I was asked for my social security #. I do see things both ways and I agree that some of the people that come here from other countries dont  help the USA but honestly the majority and I would say 95% of them are honest and hard working people that contribute to the US. Aside from that the law is the law and weather we like it or not we have to follow it and we cant change it if anything we are here at mercy. I'm not making excuses for breaking the law but if only Americans and other people saw us as human beings first other then just an iligal alien from another country things would be different and America can benefit from it. So build your wall protect your people if that's what you bealive.
his "x-ray wall" still requires voluntary taking an id with you .. if you want to sneak in without such .. just go trough the non existant wall .. the wall is the an idea to prevent illegal sneaking in and out .. not legal traveling ..
do it BUILD THE FUCKING WALL
When these idiots don't want to secure the Border with the wall are asked what they do to protect the security of the country it always ends up being way more invasive than the wall freaking x-ray borders and ID tags was this guy crazy
X-ray border........... Democrats should run in November on that genius idea.
The guy from New Mexico is completely clueless
Build it twice as tall as planned, and throw every illegal over it.. and every liberal with them.
I'm not Mexican my family moved there in the 1550s....GUY that makes u like a 12th generation  Mexican
Funny how the guy still sees himself as Spanish, is against a wall when Spain has a big ass wall to stop Africans from entering. Search "spain wall in africa" for more info.
1:50 she is very stupid beach
Blurring her face wasnt enough. This could get that lady into trouble from those illegals.
an electronic id tag.....hhhhwwwhhhattt?  sounds like cattle marking to me
This guy from new mex is a moron
This guys living in 3018
That guy is stupid as fuck and is exactly why we need a 28th Amendment to strip US citizenship for x, y and z reasons.
Inarticulate, ignorant, unbelievable loon!
No real solutions just some video game inspired ideas from a person who has yet to grow up!!
Governor?!   I dont think so!!!
How do you work with people like this?
Chuck Schumer has stated the Democrats will not work with the Trump administration and the Republicans on any immigration legislation whatsoever.
That says how urgent they really think this problem is.
The want to keep this problem going to use in the midterm elections.
Now who is  despicable?
ya
That guy seems to be addicted to doing too much drugs and then watch sci-fi movies where everything is detected and seen and caught through some electronic stuff and thangs. LOL
1. How do illegals pay tax they get a fake social and a fake green card employers dont check on the E- Vertify system why because they need the cheap labor 2. Building the wall wont help because most border patrol agents let criminals in because all this drug money is most likely a war that wont end if people dont stop using drugs its a supply and demand
The US shouldn't build a wall on our southern border because it is simply a misappropriation of federal dollars. The vast majority of illegal immigrants get into the country legally but overstay their welcome; not leaving when there Visa is up or having a "vacation" of an indefinite time. A wall would not stop, limit, or otherwise reduce such forms of illegal immigration. Since those forms of immigration make up the majority of illegal immigration cases, and being that the goal is to greatly reduce illegal immigration, time and federal dollars would be better spent looking for a different solution to illegal immigration.
Build the wall!!!
Build that Wall!!
2 million subs. Nice!
They werent really arguements tho lol. Was that it? only 2 people?
tax them? is this how stupid this guy is? so, cross the border illegally and if you don't get caught, all is well and good life. on the other hand, cross the border illegally and if you did get caught, granted them citizenship and tax them? so, forget the law and keep crossing the border illegally because the penalty for breaking the law is granted citizenship and tax? wow! he's not very bright. Hahaha
Congrats on 2 Million man! Wow how far youve come! Much love!
the second interview sounds like so many leftists in the UK with the immigrants 'get them in they can get jobs & pay tax' great idea what about the people born here who have paid taxes but are currently out of work maybe even homeless & want to get there lives in order
shame those virtue signallers are happy to help everyone from outside there own country but forget theres over 1 million already unemployed
people are against the wall because trump wants it. if trump was against the wall there would be far more support for it.
I rebuilt the name tag using multiple points of focus and was able to get her name
It is painful to watch this guy talk. The lady exposed some truth though.
These people are dumb as shit.
When he talks it sounds like a child describing his LEGO city
A digital border isn't exactly the worst idea. Problem would be verifying the people crossing. But also freeing up taxes on Americans and instead start adding a temp foreign worker tax and also a extra tax on wiring money overseas too. With the idea of citizens paying less taxes overall.
Jess Christ.. Hispanic people aren't to greatest at debating.. I'm not sure if it's just a lack of understanding or language barrier 
This woman at the beginning was about to tackle a very strong point on not to build a wall. You see she comes from Mexico that is to known for bloody ruthless cartels easily killing all the police and controlling a lot of area. they also have extreme wealth and intuitive ways of using smuggling, trafficking tactics. That building a wall would be futile, the fact is that they do have underground tunnels that nobody knows about. A secret underground infrastructure that holds many passages into our country she spoke briefly about a war she was obviously extremely scared she was worried about increased conflict in Mexico. These cartels do not play games they have a serious monster grip on the throat of Mexico and the US is a massive customer. 

Building at wall wouldnt work they will go under it around it through it and it really doesnt matter they just need to massacre enough people on their side to control vantage points so they can implement there devious plans
Moronic Leroy in the white t-shirt communicates at a 3rd grade-level.  What a complete idiot. "I one day plan on being the governor of New Mexico" - I weep for the future.
A wall or bullets? There aren't too many options here. Making tax profiles by status seems more unfair. Maybe there won't be a wall forever, but until lives are fully monitored we have limited options.
God bless that first lady, I hope everything works out for her and she stays safe.
I want what the last guy was on....omg I almost died XD This is how a lot of people think these days and its so sad
Leeroy has a killer valley girl accent. "Drugs-a."
This was a let down for sure ..
Build the wall is dumb because you save more money just enforcing...the law change my mind.
Reasons why the wall would be a bad idea 

1. It would cost billions to make, America is already in debt
2. Its biased why isnt there a border wall at the Canada border
3. El Chapo, escaped prison through tunnels, people are resourceful will find other ways to cross the border

Real answer to end illegal immigration, make meth and cocaine legal, then let natural selection do whats its suppose to do
that was a trainwreck
I think that man was on drugs.
your videos never appear on your channel i have to actively search for it, i have your channel home page open right now refreshing it and it still says this video has not been uploaded, i cant only find it through searching
My only argument against the wall is A, it amount it's gonna cost is insane and can be put towards more important things (yes I don't think border control is the top of our priorities) 
And B, I read that most immigrants come on planes, they just get a visitors thing and then never go home so they are just as under the radar as if they were to cross the border, basically making the wall completely ineffective. 

Don't ask me what the solution is if it's not a wall, cause I don't know, I just don't think the wall is a practical solution. Correct me if I'm wrong.
Imagine if there wasn't a border period. there would be tens of thousand of illegals coming over, how would they live? These illegal aliens would steal social security numbers, have jobs under someone else's name. Open home loans and car loans under someone else's name. Sending money over to Mexico to help others cheat the system. Once arrested for these two crimes, houses would go into foreclosure, cars repossessed and families torn apart and communities destroyed. 

The actions of (what many on the left say is no big deal) these illegals, can in effect destroy our country. Period.

We need a stronger, wall, we need stronger laws on the book as a deterrant for criminals, and NO AMNESTY. Become a citizen, and quit cheating and stealing. 

The upside, many lives will become more safe. Period.

Lastly, Trump and his team need to address the major safety issues where these families are fleeing from. They won't feel afraid if less bad guys around as well.
It killed me that the guy in the white shirt was initially just describing legal immigration.
Steven's face at the end/ priceless
The guy with the camera is pulling shit out of his ass
Im kind of scared to resume the video after those first 10 seconds lol
Its like the immigration crisis in Europe where the UN is going insane
Spanish my fucking balls sack. Scientifical huh? This stupid mother fucking wet back beaner fuck should just kill himself. What a retarded piece of shit. Maybe he should talk to his "masterminds" about not being a turd before he runs for office. What a piece of horse shit this moron is.
"Tax them" ... "They DO already pay taxes" ... These are things that I hear. This is from the same people who say "undocumented immigrant." I'm not sure what part of "undocumented" they don't understand.
Is the guy tripping balls??? Or???
"Everyone will be micro chipped" - change my mind!   "Free vaccinations (chipping) - change my mind"  Trust me I am totally against the micro chip; however, would be chipping all criminals be out of the question?   Talk about a solution that will draw fire from all! (Politics, Religion, law abiding citizens, illegals, etc.)  Let me get a 6 pack before you air that one!  Drones flying the border shooting micro chips!  Careful what you ask for, from the tech world.  Beep, Beep.
X-Ray gatesssssssssss.... by the future governor of New Mexico.
You need to do this again
This is gold.
Should be easier to get here legally but harsher punishment for illegally. Shit sucks, 12+ years for approval unless by marriage. 3 - 5 years is more reasonable imo.
I am sorry but i have to disagree on this because most illegal immigrants came here legally but their visas expired so now they are illegal immigrants and the wall is too expensive to create and maintain
Interviews with total mongos.... 
the wall is a redundant idea because the majority of illegal immigrants come into the USA on tourist visas... via a fking airplanes. Look at the stats.
X R A Y   B O R D E R
Why waste the money? You have plenty of fucking drones... or even a camera would do lol you'd still need someone to watch and act when people try and climb/dig or w/e.... so what's the point of a wall... makes no sense and plenty of better ways. Chump train is getting old... it's a dumb idea lol
Most of the Mexicans I know in Texas are pro Trump and the Wall (and more conservative than I am).  But they live near the border and get to see the people that have died because we don't have a border; and hear from family about the people we don't want here.
"Like-a I don't know-a. Like written X-ray-a. When I'm the givoner of New Mexico-a. Know what I'm saying-a?"
Im thinking perhaps we should have a test for everyone to vote.  These dumb bastards dont even know what they are thinking. The fact that they can vote is really scary. I suggest a fictional character to run, like a telatubby or something of that nature. See how many votes it gets. Or maybe something more simple like a shape . i vote triangle.
the guy at 4:30 looks like he's on drugs
This guy is dumber than a box of rocks
Leeroy is the type of person who believes that scientists are moments away from inventing the miracle pill that will grant us all immortality. Just any day now, technology will fix everything...
"sciencetypical" lmfaoaoaoaoa
No! Do this again! Find someone who actually disagrees.
10:57 Proper Scientifical X-Ray Gate.  You heard it here folks!
plz build the wall
Oh Crowder I forgot. Damn I zoned out and thought I was watching Idiocracy for a minute.
Xray Gate Hahahahaahahha
wat a dumbass messican lmfaooaoaooaoaoao
This dude is on 'something'
I dont like people coming into America illegally, but the wall would be expensive, at around $25 billion to build Itd easily be one of the most expensive single pieces of infrastructure in American history. It would cost as much as 20 Hoover Dams or the entirety of NASAs annual budget. and also the fact that immigrants still come illegally by plane,
its estimated that between 27 and 40 percent of all undocumented immigrants came here on planes. I just dont believe the wall is the best decision, hope you see this

Sources:
http://www.nasa.gov/content/reach-for-new-heights-nasa-budget-unveiled-for-fiscal-year-2016

http://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2015/sep/08/jorge-ramos/ramos-40-undocumented-immigrants-come-air/
I canta standa the guya in the white shirta
1-866-DHS-2ICE
The fortnite stink bomb seems like a really cool concept but Im not really sold on it just yet. It only does 5 damage per second and the blast radius isnt that good. You have to be a really bad player to dye by it. Overall I think it will just be another item that you get out of chest but never take. Fortnite needs to stop adding items like this and instead make huge gameplay changes to boost the longevity of the game. The bloom mechanic for pistols and auto rifles needs to go. Leave some feedback in the comments below thank you.
Are there American citizens who are adding to the pot?
Just because I have garbage in my house dont mean Im obligated to take in your garbage.
Aspergers, its a terrible thing.
I love the lady in the intro. Funniest thing today.
There is already a wall why build another one? most illegals are there because they have overstayed their visas
I feel the wall is way too expensive of a project, and you can just dig tunnels or climb over it. I wish more people came in legally but I also want people who are in dire situations to come to a safe place. I feel like we should be more lenient to familys coming here illegally and forcing them to become legal or get deported.
Call ICE
If that had been chopped in to pieces, I would have assumed Crowder edited it to make that kid look like an idiot. Buuuut since he didnt theres only explanation.... that kid was an idiot.
I just don't think the wall would be very effective. It's an expensive project, yet I feel like people could easily dig under it, climb over it, or go around it.
The sad thing is, that kid could sit down and watch this video and think he sounded very intelligent.
Simple accounting ledger: https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Economic_impact_of_illegal_immigrants_in_the_United_States. If they cost more than they provide in economic benefit they are a hindrance. And they want MORE!!!
Instead of a wall we should just build an invisible doggy fence, and put shock collars on all the Mexicans. So if they try to cross the boarder they get 10,000 volts to the jugular.
did this dude just propose chipping the us population so the government would know where we are at all times? this guy is delusional
What's more expensive?      

A 10,000 mile wall.

Or a 10,000 mile X-ray?
that last guy was painful..... and typical of the low IQ.... who strangely do not know they are low IQ.
so, he needs masterminds to give blatant details of the x-ray border
that look at the end just secured that we both know those people were bonkers
X - ray's blasters causing instant cancer mutations niiiiice... 
Well that was the most useless 13 minutes of my day.
China has a wall and everybody calls it great, 
I'm just saying
I am amazed at the lack of thought put into this guys argument. If you can't funnel them through a point of entry, how can you "x-ray" or tax these people? That is kind of the point of having a wall. To make them responsibly enter the country so they can be taxed and what ever else this guy wants to do with them.
This second guy does not reflect my reasonings for being against the wall. That guy was very uneducated on the subject.
Lets build the WAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHH
(R.I.P Waluigi)
Are u fuvkin kidding me. An X-ray wall? Retarded as fuck!

Build the wall build the wall
People are not very informed about immigrantion or becoming a resident. Get educated people like the 2nd guy he sadly ignorant and talking about the mark of the beast chip them. Not good. 
The IQ is off of the chart's.
Holyshit watching your show hurts my brain to see how utterly ignorant individuals truly are what the hell is happening to our country insanity zero common sense
Since when its normal to cuss and swear in public like that? So uncivilized.
I like Mexican food.
An X-ray gate? Lol
No wall but X-ray wall is okay?  WTF?
So he wants us to tag them, and track them like animals?
Waited for this topic
is that my mom?
My brain just crashed.
Dude: electronically tag them so they get scanned when they go through.
Steven: How do you make them go through the scanner without the wall?
Dude: Make them go through a X-ray scanner.
Me: ...... .... Same question as Crowder just asked, how do you make 'em go through ANY kind of portal without a wall to impede them and block them from bypassing said portal?
Tag 'em, tax 'em, treat 'em live livestock, that's ok, but noooooo don't build that big scary wall. Fuck sake these people are brain dead.
Free tommy !!!
Building a wall is literally waste of money most immigrants come on over stayed visas
God please be with the state of New Mexico when he becomes the governor
Illegals of any race religion or creed should be treated like the invading armies  they are. Agents at the border should be given a standing shoot to kill order anytime an illegal is encountered at the border or anywhere on U.S. soil. 
"Illegal immigration" would cease to exist almost immediately. 
Change my mind.
Btw, your expression at the very end says it all & is priceless. Your face, my sentiments exactly
It's not that he doesn't want a wall, he just doesn't want a wall you can see. "Invisible walls in 2020"
Lord Jesus Steven, you couldve just waited and gotten someone smart, why do you only show the dumbassess. BRING BACK YOUSEF
anyone have a link to the statistics showing that illegal immigrants commit over 30% of homicides?
Dear Crowder.. This doesn't count.
Did... that 2nd dude just advocate for a dystopian totalitarian state...?  Cuz that's what it sounds like...
The first lady is more common than you think.
Who-uh...is-uh...sellin-uh...the drugsuh...?uh

Kind of blows my mind, how ignorant this specific dude was. It wont slow down, so give in. Dont have borders, but have passports. Electronically tag people with barcodes like the holocaust...have an X-ray scanner at the border check points even though there arent borders...

Governor of his own ass.
Dude I dig the Walther shit, but I didn't know you did these things with no pants! Sheesh
Wasnt his description of a checkpoint the exact same thing as a border crossing.... the only difference is we implant an electronic chip with a VIN into individuals so as to track their time and whereabouts as theyre in the country. Thats almost 1000% worse than trying to cross the border legally. No, passports??? Thats an old hat, lets implant a microchip in these tourists much like we do with our pets when we take them to the vet. Such a GREAT free thought that took him the last three years to come up with.
This guy talks about making the illegals pay a tax and they are putting money back into the economy I call BS they send the money back to Mexico for there families I want to know why the Mexican government is not helping there own people
Yes, apply extra taxes to those who we cannot track. That makes sense. Did he not realize that if they were documented enough to tax, then they would probably be here legally? Why stop at governor? Anything is possible when you can just scan people when they run across an invisible line.
Goodness! Its like these people want to go up by going down, or go left by going right
Jesus Christ that guy was RETARDED. 

I really don't think he understood how checkpoints or walls work....
That guy you interviewed just gave me brain cancer. What a fucking moron that guy is dios mio....
Feminism isn't needed change my mind
That was kind of rough. I guess people would rather scream and yell than have conversations about this topic...
When brain storming ideas it helps to have a brain. FYI
"the... Uhhhh... Proper scientifical ray for.... Uhhhh... The job" yeah this guy is clueless
That guy is fucking FRIED
I dont even know what to say about that Spanish dude... um Dumbshit, uneducated, and a lack of common knowledge/sense. Build the wall and get this shit over with. Without borders, you have no country or security. We lock our homes, why not our border. Same situation- keeping people out that shouldnt be there/here.
Trump will be elected for a 2nd term. This is why.
He would have to sit down and think about it, but he was so quick to have an opinion lol
Lol free thought = talking out his ass.
I honestly believe Mexico would benefit more from the wall than the US.
Am i the only guy who thinks the Spanish fucker is genuinely messed up in the head? Like the way he talks?
I feel like...like I shouldn't beat up on the mentally handicap.
He was obviously a sperg of some sorts...
We need Two Walls (One for Mexico & One for Canada) Change My Mind.
steven was their really no one better? that guy was an absolute idiot. lol
Lol an Xray border... dudes high AF
I lost brain cells listening to this... thanks Crowder...
So one of the problems is that the wall can stop immigrants from leaving the states back to Mexico . Which can possibly affect certain family structures where a parent work for their family in the USA and send money back to their families in Mexico. 

It will also put the USA into even more debt than they already are in.
at 5:00 ""I'm not Mexican I'm from Spanish my family has been in new mexico since the 1550's around there"",...LOL, LOL,..that DUMBASS motherfucker sound like he just crossed the border 1 year ago....LOL, LOL.
It hurt to listen to the guy in the white shirt and backpack. It just hurt to listen to him.
That "Spanish" guy was coked off his ass.
Sounds like everyone wants the wall but don't realize it.
Yusef was better.
He reached a new level of stupidity hahaha!
Bro this was some super low hanging fruit. This could have been a great conversation that could have brought in some viewpoints that I would love to know about, because I'm against the wall and I'd love to hear your points on this. I really wish you posted this when you had a conversation with someone that had some solid points.
Steven does an excellent job of correcting the other persons misconceptions without making them feel like theyre being attacked.
buddy are you high right now?
Can't tell if that guy was mentally ill, on crack, or just a regular dumb liberal...  sadly that is the new American guessing game.
the walk wont help much i think we need to support the border to make sure less people cross like a security with when people fly over and then dont come back we need to make them get a ticket back and if they just dont go make them keep buying a ticket until they show up and leave
Soccer is gay as fuck. Change my mind.
Please more Change my mind vids
These morons want illegals to poor in to the country, but they will be the first ones to cry when their neighborhoods are infested with crime because of said illegals and when they are struggling to pay bills because they are paying to support these lowlives who flood into our country.

Liberals live in a fairy tale where it rains money and they get everything they want without really having to work for it.
I think pouring money into a wall is a bad idea. Change my mind?
Modern political viewpoint vs ideological fantasy land dreamworld!
Dude coming in with his own Podcast IS A FUCKING MORON! HOLY FUCK THAT DUDE HAS A DOUBLE DIGIT IQ!.. AND this dude is pro RFID Chip. Holy shit! What fucktard listens to this fucktards podcast? Crowder, love your stuff brotha, but can't finish this video. Dude is just too fucking dumb. You were way too nice.
Lets build the wall up in Canada as well stop them from transporting weed and drugs....come on bro lets get real yes let's enfore the law on illegal immigration which it hasn't happened......the wall will coast way to much money lets just hire more border potrol to enfore boarder..........here's an other option if Americans would stop buying drugs from Mexico you wouldn't have a 3rd world country where everyone in there mom wants to come here. Its not just the Mexicans coming in here illegally its Chinese Japanese Cubans European etc....its a hole network of races that come in illegally........this has been a problem for many years but yet where focused on it in 2018 cause the president tells us to focus on it really?  How about us going into Syria do we not care about that or that slowly our rights are being stripped from us how corporate companies own this country how my vote doesn't count why are we all of the sudden focus on race when mager events are happening now today wake up! Yes lets start enforcing really enforcing illegal immigration but not at the coast of a billion dollar wall...lets creat jobs hire more board agents and have the government really do their job and crack down on drug houses weapon houses instead of stuffing they pockets with laws that benefit major corporate companies.
That guy is on an acid trip...
Can't wait for the new x-ray scanners across the US-Mexico border, already started a gofundme
I'm finding stats more around a 12-13% of murders committed by non citizens not 30%.

Am I missing somthing?
 Wow 
So this guy approves of monitoring American citizens.. wow I'm so awe struck of how clueless this guy is I can't put all my thoughts into writing.  Just wow.
"... you know, you can tax them & make money off them, you know, not like make them slaves, or anything like that. & you can also scan them digitally & things like that, you know, maybe use an x-ray machine scanner..." nope!
I love watching Jared in the background
that "hispanic" male is a complete ignorant who has an infinitesimal cranium! He spews vapid statements period! He's a sorry excuse!
Hopefully drugsa become a thing of the pasta.
He reminds me of Damon Wayans character on In Living Color who would also butcher English.  Lol
The wall won't really work though.
Xray border instead of a green card the will have cancer to show they got here legally
"At no point in your rambling, incoherent responsewereyou even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought. Everyone in this room is nowdumber having listenedto it. I award you no points, and may God have mercy on your soul"
You have to redo this topic
Maybe we don't need a border wall. Just some kind of border "funnel" to cram all the crossers through, so they can show us their note and get their junk X-ray'd. Over the long spans of the border this funnel might look like a wall, but it's really just a funnel... with a "big beautiful door" for all to pass through. Good thinkin' Trump... erm, I mean Leroy!
That dudes family has been in America since the 1500s yet his accent sounds like he just came across illegally yesterday 
They will tunnel under the wall. A wall won't do shit.
Something I don't understand is why not make laws or enforce more of it towards criminals that are illegal that just come in and screw things up plus a wall it will cost billions and billions of dollars. Plus me personally I think the government is deporting the wrong people the once that have family and working hard and just want a life should slide and the once that are criminal acts should be deported immediately. Plus immigration is more focused on Mexicans but what about people from Europe, Asia, Australia, and other countries that immigrants do come from.
This New Mexico Spaniard is an Libtard Idiot! Built the Wall! Keep out all Illegal Aliens!
Why don't we just dig up an unreasonably large canyon as the border instead of building a wall that way the democrats get what they want and don't get a wall while there's still a way to limit the possibility of crossing. (just a joke)
Guy is literally advocating for a one world surveillance based government.
Serious 1984 level stuff. LOL
Not my New Mexican... oh, he's a Trujillo... might be my cousin, yikes!
Lol checkpoint=wall=border. People dont get it.
That guys a few fries short of a happy meal.
Go green global? I'm thinking he was pretty high and I'd bet $5 his channel is about weed...
10:29 Abort Abort your about to say some stupid shit homes
the guy from new mexico is an idiot
Soooo what I see is that everyone agreed on not having illegal immigrants but what they dont agree on is the physical wall
Yesssss it's here
Yeah I wanna run for governor of a state that i believe should cease to exist within a country I believe should cease to exist. Vote for me!   - the second moron
Did that guy just suggest we chip the world's population like a dog so we can know whe and who enters country?
Liberals shouting obscenities and mindless insults instead of engaging in thought provoking discussion?    

....quit joshin' Steven.
trump needs to build a wall around the sanctuary states
I am against building the wall because those who want to cross will find a way any how. Over, under or through it. So I dont see it being efficient in the long run and we will be waiting too much money on it plus the upkeep.
Literally the easiest arguing point is financing. 

No one even tried. Or they did.
He's one scientifical mastermind
this second dude in the interview is genuinely the dumbest person ive ever heard speak
If you put a mark on someones right hand or forehead then you can track them and let them be able to buy and sell. Not like that hasnt been foretold.
I can't even with this guy from New Mexico. He is too stupid to listen to, by a lot.
facepalm.gif It may be an old gif, but it's the proper gif tonight.
What in the fuck is this retard talking about?
Giant X-ray machine from the future governor bahahahaha
I agree with border security bit I don't think a wall would work and it would just just waste tax dollars.  You ever the tv show Weeds? They made an underground tunnel. The entire underground would be like an ant colony.
That beginning tho XDDDDDDDDD
To anybody that wants an open border I ask you. Do you have a door on your home? Do you lock your door at night? If you do that's the same reason there should be a border wall. We dont want to keep everyone out we want to make sure whoever comes into our country is doing it legally. But please if you are against this open your doors and post a sign on your lawn saying you have an open household and get back to me when you change your mind.
"scientifical"
What in the flying fuck. An X-Ray gate instead of a border wall...That guy actually thought to himself, "alright, I got this."
I understand letting the man talk, but did you have to put it on your channel. Seriously, if I wanted to talk to someone that high, I would go to any fast food place at 1 am.
the second person was talking outta his ass the entire time LOL
WTF are those arguments!?
I think that guy needs to detox for a bit
the dude talks like hes torqued out of his mind.
What the fuck did I just watch
Steven must get so tired of dealing with these unintelligent morons. On the brightside, they probably make him seem even smarter than he actually is.
Wow this one was surprisingly lame... really flat. Not because of you, but as you said not a lot of people wanted to talk. It was refreshing to hear a Hispanic women though at least disapproving of the illegal situation, she may not like the wall idea but at least she doesn't support illegals either, I respect that. As for the other guy, he is just going to go for the Latino vote in his city when he runs for office (if even does)  because he was saying mostly no nonsensical gibberish/talking points.
X-RAYS BAHAHAHAHAHAAHHAHAHAHAA
Better start building that Wall NOW, thers no Way trump Will win in 2020, libs learned there lesson, they Will come out in hordes and vote in 2020
This is dumb asf. The majority of ppl that are living here illegally came legally and overstayed their visas. Capitalism thrives off of cheap labor. American citizens commit more crimes per capita than undocumented immigrants. Notice how Crowder didnt mention his sources which most of the time are very misleading or wrong. Illegals stimulate the economy and pay taxes. And no one is calling for open borders ffs.
The second guy couldve had a point but wtf lol
Do a colab with hunter avallone.
What a nice, completely misguided man.
Lol he just blatantly lied. Illegal immigrants make up 37% of homicides in America!? Anyone can fact check that online and find out thats complete bullshit. You just comes off as convincing so the stupid people they purposely pick to interview believe him and look stupid. These shows are so scripted with the people they pick.
Says his family has been here for hundreds of years but can't speak english.
I think the build the wall statement is ridiculous. We blow money for something when we cant secure the opposite end of the wall. They can literally dig tunnels as they have done so in the past. They can also blow down the wall through sections with American patrols being unable to do anything as the culprits would be in a whole other jurisdiction. The wall would only be another expense for us to build and also something for us to maintain...
Im not even an American but you do  need a wall , you have too many illegal immigrants . Its not right
I think that enforcement is necessary but at least maybe we should make it faster to legally immigrate. As far as I have read, most illegal immigration occurs because they are too afraid to try and legally immigrate but be turned away.
11:38 "I dunno, I one day plan on being the governor of New Mexico..."  dufuq?! @Steven, that was gold right there buddy.
I'm pretty sure that the first woman does not master the languaje, i'm not saying this despectively, i'm mexican.
X Ray border??????? 
Lmao if there coming through illegally their not going to have a hand written note to explain why they want to come to america.. who would they give it to there coming over hidden.
I can actually debate this one. Building the wall would spell disaster economically, because most illegal immigrants aren't crossing at the border, but at airports. I'm all for security in the border, but we should focus our security in airports rather than the already existing border control down south. However, I appreciate your work, Crowder! Keep it up!
The second guy is an absolute moron. My god, he was trying so hard to sound intelligent....but failed spectacularly.
Did he say he is going to run for Governor? Im dead 
Do you actually believe in these statements and are arguing for them or are you simply arguing for the statements to have conversations?
6:14 Illegal immigrants commit crimes at greater rates and a disproportionate level? Source?

https://www.cato.org/publications/immigration-research-policy-brief/criminal-immigrants-texas-illegal-immigrant

"For all criminal convictions in Texas in 2015, illegal immigrants had a criminal conviction rate 56 percent below that of native-born Americans."

Do you have any issues with the methodology or conclusion of this study?
Did that guy say his family has been in new mexico since 1550?
That Hispanic guy is not the sharpest tool in the shed.
7:30 this happens when low IQ uninformed oerson explains policy.... he does not understand

electronic ID, checked by technology is styl a border, oh my god and this person walks freely among us.... IQ 80
Lol  this is proof liberalism is a mental disorder
Wouldn't an x-ray border cost ten times more the a normal wall
Good luck with the governor's race, bud. Hahahaha
WOW!!! MIND BLOWN 
X-Ray wall Maga-again 2044
"Just have them pay taxes"

You mean the fuckers taking welfare and acting as a massive net negative to our economy? We should just let criminals go and ask them to never commit crimes again, I mean not all of them will be repeat offenders
Leeroy, blew-uh my mind-uh.
When Stephen gave him that look and said An x-ray border? To that guy I lost it 
Dude you are the worst conservative ever. That wall is a joke. Those guys tunnel their people MILES. Trump and you are both fucking retarded. Waste of money. OUR money by the way. Fuck you Crowder. You're like the equivalent of an sjw for the right wing and it's like I can't even get a base camp set up because you're so retarded that I don't want to follow people like you just like with the sjws and the Democrats trying to do all this crazy shit that's why I don't follow them either. The walls dumb. You're dumb. Trumps really fucking dumb.
Mexico is our third biggest trading partner. If we build a wall it will slow trade and in some cases halt it. Many businesses will fail, and it would hurt the economy
The dude in the second interview was an idiot.
Location Location Location.  I think you put your table in the wrong place.
Geez whiz, Leroy needs to try the decaf. His mouth is running faster than his brain can keep up. I sure hope there is a part 2 to this where you can find some half decent conversation.
"I'm not Mexican, I'm Spanish from the 1550s who came to Mexico. No, you're Mexican.
"Tax them" repeat. Repeat. Repeat. 

Should have shown the statistics of how much money the government spends on illegal immigrants, or how much monetary value the benefits they receive living in our society is, vs how much they actually do pay in taxes now. It's 'UUUGGGEEE loss. 

"Make them pass the test". How the Fuck do you make somebody pass a test? Requiring them to pass the test is already the fucking metric we use. So yous ant the current rules? So why are you crying about it? Or do you want to let everyone pass no matter what? 

That dude was a fucking idiot parading as intelligent.
YES THE MAGICAL X-RAY WALL WILL KEEP THE ILLEGALS OUT xDxD that guys was respectfully an idiot
What the fuck is this guy saying?
To be honest posting this wasnt the greatest thing because it could put her in danger even with her face blurred out.
"You could have a gate for them to go through"......no wall no gate genius
I just lost 13 brain cells listening to him...at some point I blacked out and forgot where I was 
So invite the entire world to the USA and you get a citizenship if you pass a test?

There are what, 65 million refugees in the world, you would have alot of desperate people coming.

And behind them, the poor that can make it.
Holy shit! Is everyone that disconnected from reality or is it just Leftists?
Look at Jarrod just cooling in the back 
I expected Steven to bring up Trumps plan to provide a path to citizenship for 1.8 million illegal immigrants in exchange for funds to build the wall.
she's afraid of killers...
the face blur doesn't help.
look at her body shape and her clothing, the bag, the watch, her hair...
she's death by now
Never give this Mexican Dude an ounce of power. Hes authoritarian scum.
Guy at the end was a Idiot
I still think theres a more elegant solution to the wall. Profiling is the best way to go IMO.
lmao even the democrats wanna report and deport them hahahahahahahaha
After watching this, I completely understand why this one was only 13 minutes long.
That one guy is so dumb
This guy is not very smart...
This guy is painfully stupid
Yeah let's tax illegal immigrants..who have no job or money....and dont pay taxes anyway...brilliant.
The first interview legitimately hurt my heart. I know quite a few Mexicans (all legal) for my area's demographics, and while in my particular state they don't have to fear much, they absolutely hate illegal immigrants, many of which are extended family who didn't want to go through the process and just wanted the benefits of our broken healthcare system; and since they can't function in society being illegal aliens, they've resorted to crime. It makes my friends incredibly depressed because of what their extended family or friends of the family are choosing to do, and it's hurting them because the illegal's reputation hurts the reputation of legal immigrants.

I for one am not sure building a physical wall will help a ton for how much it'll cost in the long run, but I do support more strict enforcement and perhaps greater security presence on the border. I don't claim to be an expert, but I'm definitely on the side of enforcing legal immigration and doing what is necessary and feasible to prevent illegal aliens from entering.
Hey guys.  I just took on $120,000 in debt and it's all about to pay off!  

Ready for this?  Wait for it...  X-ray border!  BOOM

P.S.  I'm also going to be the Governor of New Mexico one day.
Did that psychopath just casually suggest some ultra big brother dystopia that could monitor every person's every move? Wow...we need a flood.
These people live in the land of make believe.
Of course! An X-ray border and trackers... what?
Jared!!..you packing in that fanny!?
Pretty much everything the guy said already exists. All an immigrant has to do is claim asylum at the border right? If they are legit then they can start becoming legal. It takes forever and I see that is kind of sucky but why hop the border?
His family has been here since the 1500s but cant speak proper English? Lol!
the last guy proves smoking drugs DOES have lasting effects.
i can just see people avoiding the X-ray border wrapped in aluminium foil.
That dudes either on cocaine, mentally ill, or both
Poor lady...
I have an idea, how about: the US takes over Mexico expands the US and BAM! No more borders!
An X - ray fence  Leroy is smoking some dop shit while watching star trekk for some past month. You will still need a wall alongside the X ray scanner, cos making the whole lenght of border X ray enabled would cost more than the LARGE HEDRON COLLIDER.
"I don't support a wall.  I support like an invisible system bla bla bla..."  OK so you support an invisible wall.  Wow. Typcial illogical reasoning of today's leftist generation.
So... We shouldn't have a wall but we should... Tag people in some sort of dystopian information gathering service on everyone everywhere? GOODNESS! That sounds a lot worse than a wall.
Holy Crap... Leroy gets a vote.  Think about that.
So he said that he doesn't want a wall but wants an xray machine??? what if they just walk around the xray!?!?!
Is the second dude comes from 2118?
So the idea for an X-Ray border came from, "go green"....the irony. Maybe the green he meant was radioactive glow green
this ones gonna be a good one lol
I'm not too against the X-RAY border wall. Stoner camera boy might have stumbled into something great.
Looking at the news these days, more and more I just keep saying this to myself...build the wall. enough is enough.
I think that guy may give Ben Shapiro a run for his money on who talks faster.
a little unrelated man, but if I were you, i'd be bragging about my wife like she was a trophy and I just won a championship, I mean my goodness
"it could be like a X ray scanner"
What fucking timeline does this guy think he's living in.
Debate#1 - not the sharpest knife in the box.......
Debate#2 - a knife that cant even find the box ,  Im planning on being the Governor of New Mexico  oh shit ......
I would be more open to immigrants coming to the US and working if there was no guarantee of citizenship, we didn't have the vast welfare programs we currently have, and they paid taxes just like US citizens. Until we cut our welfare programs, allowing illegal immigrants to come and benefit from US Citizens taxed welfare programs is unfair and perpetuates the problem. If they had to be taxed and couldn't benefit from our welfare programs, many illegal immigrants would be less likely to come here.
Stay in school
I want what LEE-ROY smokes!!
Ah, building The Wall. Making the borders more secure. I guess these would be my argument:

According to research by Massey, Durand and Pren from 2016, "if policymakers had done nothing---never increased the Border Patrol's funding beyond keeping pace with inflation---the undocumented population would likely have grown substantially less. (...) Aside from doing nothing, however, there were other policy options available to officials beyond attempting to suppress migration through police actions at the border. One such option would be to accept Mexican migration as a natural component of ongoing economic integration under the North American Free Trade Agreement.  Between NAFTA's implementation in 1994 and 2010, for example, total trade between Mexico and the United States rose 5.3 times while according to data from the Office of Immigration Statistics (2014) entries by business visitors increased 3.6 times, exchange visitors 6.2 times, tourists 12.1 times, intra-company transferees 17.4 times, and treaty investors more than a thousand times. Within an integrated economy, people inevitably will be moving." Other options could include policies "to encourage return migration, such as lowering the cost and risk of remitting U.S. earnings, paying tax refunds to returned migrants, making legal immigrants eligible for U.S. entitlements even if they return to Mexico, and cooperating with Mexican authorities to create attractive options for savings and investment south of the border. The billions of dollars wasted on counterproductive border enforcement would have been better spent on structural adjustment funds channeled to Mexico to improve its infrastructure for public health, education, transportation, communication, banking, and insurance to build a stronger, more productive, and more prosperous North America and eliminate the motivations for migration currently lying in ineffective markets for insurance, capital, and credit" (Massey 2009)

And yes, there are better measures to ensure the safety of the borders than pumping the money in. One way would be an approach described by Amy Ding (2014):
1. Estimate the number of illegal border-crossings that occur stochastically during an r time period (see the research for formulae)
2. Link this with desired patrol effectiveness to determine the number of required patrol teams (see the research for formulae)
There's no way the kid in the white shirt is a real person. I simply refuse he isn't an actor.
He was saying: Just surrender America. Reistance is futile. We will conquer you.
Thumbs up for the X-Ray border
That young dude rambling on is an idiot and obviously knows NOTHING about the world!
OMG, he's rambling on an on an on an on!   SHUT THE FUCK UP!
Sorry, Crowder, I can't finish watching this video because of that idiot's rambling!
The Thought Process of a Libtard Caught on Tape: "X-Ray Digital Scanners because technology makes thing go so fast that you don't really need borders because illegal immigrants want to pay taxes."
Me
"Spanish" Guy: "Brawndo's got what plants crave"
She's probably from Arizona. We just deal with that kinda shit every day. We get along ok, though obviously things could be better.
Like if violent criminals wouldn't be blocked from deportation by whoever has power over the executive branch.
Get an ad for the previous change my mind while watching this
I wish you would come to Montana.
Leeroy was being pretty civil actually.
That face at the end lmao
Oh no
That dude in the white shirt is a fucking idiot.
Like the vans
100% of illegal aliens committed a crime. Become they hoped a boarder and are here illegally.
Walls have never worked. And spending all of that money on a wall would be pointless considering that most illegal immigrants come here in planes and work visas so a wall would do nothing to stop that. A fraction of illegal immigration comes from people crossing the border directly. I agree thought, we need to stop illegal immigration I just dont think a wall is the smart way to do it
Fuck the wall! And fuck brain dead Trump supporters #ChangeMyMind
Im 100% for a more secure border but I never really understood the point of the wall. Isnt it just a fence that just cost more to repair. Im severely uninformed on the wall and if you have information that could help me understand by all means tell me
That guy in the white shirt does not stfu
Im sorry, like I really am and I hate saying this but that Spanish guy was SO stupid. He was either stupid or just poorly poorly educated
Crowder, here's why I support the wall:

It is a deterrent. It prevents people from coming in. Period. Of course people are still going to get in. They'll find some way. Why secure the border? This is a country. This isn't a free-range wilderness open to the settling of migrant people. We have laws and customs. We have a national language and standard way of life. People from the third world are bringing their standards of living to this country. They are turning this country into a third world, because this is how they are used to living in Mexico, Central America, etc. Have you been to any Home Depot? Here in Vegas, the illegals camp out around the store looking for work. Bless their hearts, but they leave giant trash bags full of waste. Bits of clothes here, a discarded shoe there, a lone plastic piece of packaging of some type hanging from a tree branch, blowing in the wind...this is exactly what Mexico and Central America look
 like
That dude is retarded

And this dude votes... FML
Very weak participants on this one
An X-ray border 
ending was priceless
Xray border!!! ohh boy thats a good one! ---" Just tax them in general" "Make them a legal citizen"....we already have this system in effect!!! We have ID numbers (Social Security Numbers) we already have international documentation (Passports). The issue is that we have no way of forcing people to abide by the rules or even pay taxes. if we dont funnel them through some sort of check point with a surrounding wall!!
I want what hes smoking 
As long as rope, and planes exist the wall won't do much
"Dontschu have kids Mr. President?"
The sanctuary cities are just promoting more illegal imigration and human trafficking, the illegal immigrants are going to be put more in danger in their odyssey to this country. Prostitution, organs trafficking, kidnapping, drugs, more ear between the criminals because their will be more competition smuggling people into the country. More crime will increase on both sides of the boarder. They can seek asylum outside the boarders without breaking the law, we have ports of entries and ambassys outside the country,
At least he was respectful....?
can you link the numbers to show how illegals make up 30% of homicides? 6:44
make one on veganism
Deport that guy for being a dumb fuck.
I think the wall is just a waste of tax money. People can dig tunnels. Swim or boat around it. Maybe scale it with a grabbling hook or those tree climbing screws some people use. Another method is buying a plane ticket and applying for a vacation visa and never going back.
What do you think that Steven Crowder's presidential slogan be?
So disappointing and hilarious at the same time 
We neeeed like some kind of x-ray border man, and people can like leave a note as to why they are there.

- Leroy Threo, future Governor of New Mexico
That guy was probably on some drug-zuh
We can only tax them if we know they're here...
You're a fucking idiot. Your stats are made up. Anyone with a cell phone and Google search could shut you up in a heartbeat. That's why Joe Rogan killed you in debate because all your bullshit fake facts were shutdown. I would LOVE to sit down with you and debate ANY of your previous topics because you lie and make up facts everytime. You bring your fake facts, I bring my cell phone. No wonder you only debate children.
Can we all agree that building a wall is silly?
He has a thick accent for his his family being here for generations.
My thoughts are don't waste your time building a physical barrier as a wall.  Increase security using a less environmentally invasive method.  Fact is that no actual old-fashioned barrier will keep people out.  They can easily go around your wall (by boat, plane, bribes, false identities, on and on).  There's plenty of high tech options that could be utilize.  Just check out military surveillance for ways to devise better security over already established borders.  
Another idea?  But, this has to do with cooperative efforts on the other side of the border.  Create economic incentives for people to want to stay there.  Hmmm, it's like how tax havens work.  People flock to tax haves, don't they??? People flock to places that bring economic opportunity and better life quality.   Anyhow, there's a few ideas.  There's really multiple issues that would have to be addressed to reduce any incentive or gain for people to want to try to enter a country, illegal or legal.
Wait do you actually believe this...
What the fuck? An x-ray border?
The millennials are going to kill this country
Go Green Global's stock price is $0.01
Ohhhh Good Lord.......the second dude is lost.
So, a gate in an INVISIBLE wall, that people in good faith walk through to be scanned by x-rays. What do you call a gate that's not in a wall?! Well....I don't know, but that's the one place they WON'T go, dontcha think???! And he thought about this for the last three years but still needs to get some experts together. Ya think?
wtf is the Spanish guys talking about? x-ray border  electronic id, body scanning stuff 
I feel so bad for that legal Mexican immigrant woman.
x ray wall huh
Lol. The people trying to change your mind seem kind of slow on the uptake. You might Have to get Jared in there or something.
Man! Leroy came off with the salute like he really did something lol go ahead Leroy! 
I couldn't follow this guy's argument... He makes no sense
Dude... now you lost me... build the wall its stupidity from every aspect but most the economics. The wall will be the last nail in your country coffin. Welfare its goin to ruin you by 2022, build a wall that size, its not viable.

The thing its reduce burocracy to imigrate, and deport the ilegal, or give then means to become leagl(and pay taxes). Some states have a huge portion of the manual labor dominated by illegal imigrants. Go in any construction site near border and just make then pay taxes, oppsss become legal=);

Ofcourse they will cause problems with violence, becouse they dont embrace the culture, they dont become american,  problematic  like the oter troubled communites. The problem its not race or where youre born. the problem its the shitty culture(no every culture its different).
Its painful how dumb these people are
He didn't know what he was talking about lmao
You should censure the first lady card
So that guy is talking about lojacking all humans, so we know who is where. That's even more scary then a wall. That's WAY scary.
This guy is asking for chains, for us all.  Peace
BUILD THE WALL
That dude's brain was starting to short circuit.
U blurred out her face but didn't blur out the ID badge with her picture on her neck.
Check that man quick
deport Leroy
Wht does this guy sound high lol
So foolish. These people are considered adults.
These videos are great when you have a debate with someone. They aren't so great when all you do is interview total space cadets.
How do we get smarter people to debate if they can't get anyone to sit down? People don't want to debate. They just want to be right
Can we check that guys backpack
I have become  stupider  just from listening  to the last guy
Dude wants to get a Mark of the Beast, and doesn't even realise he is selling his soul to Satan.
Holy fuck that dude in the white shirt needs to stop mixing adderall with cocaine
If we build SOME form of the wall, I'd be happy. 
At least walls in areas to keep the illegal immigrants from getting themselves killed.
That way, fatalities are lowered and the ones that show up can be safely returned back to where they came.
You should do the same topic in Southern California 
I like your videos but what reactions did you expect from people? A lot of people see it as you being a racist if you want the wall built. I understand that's not the case but us as Americans why should we care if the wall is there or not. It hasn't been for multiple years and hasn't effected me one bit. That wall being built will actually effect me and with gas prices rising it's going to effect everyone economically. Of course the privileged probably won't notice.
"I'm not Mexican, I'm Spanish, my family has been in Mexico since the 1550's"

Wtf?! You uppity piece of......
Yahhhh..... Just build the wall. hahahaha (Edit: and what in the living shit.. is this second guy saying we should get chipped?!?!?!? loool and oh shit! you in New Mexico! I DO NOT WANT THIS DUDE FOR GOVERNOR!!! )
The last guy was really, really stupid.
The lgbtqaip was better
In Leroy land, illegal immigrants cross the border just to get free x-rays.
"xray border" "scientifical" lol.
I absolutely love how two of my favourite shit-disturbers (Crowder and Mcinness) were Canadians. Makes me so fucking proud. Good on ya, lads!
So if we shouldnt have any border walls then whats the point in having doors on your house?  Just let anybody that wants in walk in. Right? Its the same principle. America is our home and if you let just anybody walk in it wont be long before we dont have a home anymore.  And all the libtard rejects preaching this no border bs dam sure wont let anybody into their home will they.
and I'm pretty sure he was high on cocaine
Yes just what I wanted a government implanted chip in my body
Holy fuckin X-Ray!
Bless you for even hearing that guy out, crowder
You should a larger video about this change my mind, because its a very interesting theme, but speaking whit American people
build your wall with your ass, change my mind.
Solution:

This has to be solved in parts. We take care of the people we have now and filter out everyone else that is new to the country. The people here now must meet certain requirements like having been here a number of years, speaking English, no crime record, etc.

Once we give path to citizenship to those that deserve it, we know that most people become illegal immigrants when they overstay their visa. So when applying for the visa, those people must explicitly put in their destination city and address so that they can get logged in some database for when the 6 months are over, they know where to find that person.

Those that violate the rule will not have visa privileges ever again. Having their full information and other people to contact that know them will simplify the searching process. Once they realize its better to leave and then come back, they will enforce the law themselves. 

But how do we handle those crossing the border through land? Not with a wall. You can dig a hole or jump it. Trust me, there will be workarounds and the cost of a wall is just a terrifying number. Wed already taxed way too much as it is, and being taxed even more to support something I dont agree with is intolerable. 

I think the biggest influence for catching people would be to invest in more border patrol safety. Also, its important to have some internal analysis on the areas that have more people caught and improve the surveillance around those areas.

I do think something needs to be done but there is a more humane way about doing things. Splitting families apart, sending college students back, and sending people that havent been to their native land since they were 2 years old are some examples of why not every illegal immigrant deserves to be sent back.
That guy is  a MORON.  WOW and he's allowed to vote lol
When you trying to talk about politics and the guy talks about cyberpunk........
Wow this dude who sits down lives in sci fi land
Here's my proposal: let's keep the border open. If you come here illegally and murder or rape or commit any kind of assault or harm on an American citizen, you are executed without a trial. If you're here illegally, you cannot obtain any support from any social program at all, and doing so means you will be deported to Columbia where you will be turned into a slave to produce drugs. If you're here illegally, you must report every single penny you earn in employ to the IRS, and pay a flat 20% tax on top of normal income and sales taxes. If you're here illegally, you may not own property, and you may not vote, you may not drive, and you are banned from consuming alcohol. That seems like a fair trade for illegal residence. If they're willing to put up with that shit and can make it with those taxes, I honestly don't mind them being here.
Tag people? We could just setup barcode machines and have people tattooed. It could work. They did it in the movie "Idiocracy"! 
What the f#*k did I just watch? Lmaooooooo
The wall is gonna be expensive tho, but Im with you
thank you for doing this on my birthday! i really wanted this one, we need them illegals gone, an d im a brazilian legal immigrant and US citizen
An x-ray gate Beam me up, Gustavo.
I'm against the wall, but just because I think guard towers with snipers would be much cheaper.
How can we expect people who don't exist (undocumented illegals) to be held accountable and pay a tax? We should apparently tattoo a bar-code to identify them. Maybe a x-ray border would work and if there are no more borders, that would effectively end the drug war? There's so much flawed logic in this guys brain. I don't think anyone on the left has spend 5 seconds thinking about this issue because their ideology wont allow any deviation from the globalist agenda.
Yeah guys just tax em. Just stop them while they're walking across the border and tax them. It's so easy and simple. Fucking really?
......Hispanics arent very smart. Its rare you speak to one that can articulate themselves very well. That guy made my brain itch
Tag em!   lol
whoever wants it built should pay for it, change my mind.
An X-ray border huh? 
Id rather see the funds go to something better. I mainly worry about the maintenance costs after a wall is built, the U.S. military is already drinking a lot of money due to maintenance of older vehicles etc and they keep reducing funding on other things like education and security to keep feeding the military. Theres no way they can reduce anything else to fund the wall without harming other important and necessary things
X-ray wall baby
THAT IDIOT COULD VERY WELL BE THE NEXT GOVERNOR OF NEW MEXICO... HIS ACCENT WAS A STRANGE LATIN ITALIANO
10:30 wtf... xrays and chips (inside people?)... I think he said he needed a group of masterminds to come up with a solution lol
Someone please make a X-ray border meme about leeroy
Can we at least have some educated folks debate you lol. Its easy to shit on idiots
What was that
example of dumb people talking all these unicorn shit then put it on imaginary mastermind people to solve the problem. B*tch there is no win-win solution there is bad and worse. Grow the fk up and pick your poison.
Losing interest in these conversations, Im fairly liberal and have really enjoyed Crowders positions on most issues and helping me question my positions. However watching him debate or converse with people who have little to bring to the conversation is really killing this series.  Id love to see Crowder debate anyone who is actually educated in these topics, because honestly change my mind is never going to happen....it should be called Stroke My Mind because basically thats all Crowder does by always being far above his guests.  Well.....except the one college kid who turned him into a triggered little snowflake whos feelings got hurt and he decided to be a baby about it.....
That homicide stat is not correct
I thought that was Dean Cain in thumbnail.
Tax them. 92% of migrants are on food stamps and nearly 63% are on SSI Disability so how exactly do you benefit the nation by importing migrants who by massive margins absorb tax money and don't pay crap.
By the way this guy is talking is the reason we don't need Mexicans they're the dumbest breed ever
Seriously dude?
I know exactly, where that lady POV is coming from. I know you do these shows around the Dallas metroplex. And as a latina, who lives in Dallas the amount of illegals that do crime here, is just so bad. Yes, there are good hard working illegal immigrants, but sometimes when you see more bad then good, something gotta change. My neighborhood that's filled with hispanics secretly voted for Trump, because they also saw how the community was just deteriorating and how unsafe it was starting to become due to illegals doing so much crime.
That guy was either really naive or really stupid
The second person sounds high. 

Obviously he doesn't live in l.a. illegals are destroying this city.

That guy was just bullshitting you.
Trump is orange, change my mind
This is political hackery at its best, folks. Let's forget that two-thirds of all illegal immigrants overstay their visas, let's forget that net migration to the United States is NEGATIVE, let's forget that a continuous wall is unfeasible across one of the longest geopolitical borders in the world, let's forget that these people risk their lives and everything they own to come to the promised land, with more drive and less entitlement than most natives would ever have. But I forgot, Steven Crowder just wants Republican views for ad revenue.
You should be ashamed.
4:45 "but todays standards!"
Today standards are raising the bar back to where it needs to be!!
Not where you want them to be
Bro! 13 minutes??
Need more cowbell baby, 
I mean crowder lol
He plans on being the governor of New Mexico 
Complete respect for the guy who wants to build X-ray borders but no sort of technology exists except for extremely expensive gps trackers
Organize local militias to protect the boarder. That or bring in the French Foreign Legion.
Cheap? Maybe a lil lol
How come none of the msm have mentioned that Turkey has just built a wall against the border with Syria?
4:14  Shades-wearing Jared McBadass at your cervix!
Stephen seemed a lot more....annoyed in this episode
So she sits down believing shes for illegal immigration - and leaves wanting to know how to deport those wet backs?? Crowder went beast mode
Did anybody else think of the movie Coneheads when that last guy was talking. let's just put an invisible line with shock collars on all the deportees lol
> hey i wanna enforce the laws and have people come here legally
> bro that wall, that's mean

????????????????????????????????????????????????????? wat?
The argument I hear the most against the wall is breaking up families and turning away people who need asylum. The thing people do not realize is that when you have a ton of different people believing different things the country goes to hell. Take a look at Europe. There are so many horrible things reported in the news. The guy being interviewed was trying to sound like an intellectual. It did not make him look very smart.
this dude living in the year 3028
Trump is not paying taxes either
I'm from New Mexico and to think this haphazardly thinking dude spitting out word vomit is exactly the mind set I moved away from.

Lol I would say run for governor but in today's world. He might just make it but at least then I would know I'm NEVER moving back to NM haha
oh my god how is that idiot even smart enough to keep breathing???
Build a wall on canada
Scientific-al LOVE it. Wants to be Governor. Scientifical??? Wow
love how you interact with these people and how you are so cordial, even with people who are rude.
You guys should do a change my mind out here in LA on the wall and/or guns
REASONS FOR NO BORDER  WALL
1. The wall would have a massive negative environmental impact, and many scientists are already concerned about the effects of what the current, limited wall is doing to the wildlife. The proposed idea of expanding the wall has the fish and wildlife service and scientist concerned even more. About 100 plant and animal species which are already considered endangered would be affected by the wall, along with approximately another 800 different species. Many of these species have the area around the US Mexico border considered to be a critical habitat. Dividing up the area could be fatal to the wildlife and would split up even more species.
2. 27% or more (that was the lowest percentage I could find, some of the others were above 60%) of illegal immigrants come by plane and overstay their visas.
3. If the wall covered the entire border it would be 2000 miles long, which would cost over 15 billion.
4. The wall would cut through rough terrain, along with villages, rivers, mountains, and peoples homes.
5. Maintaining and staffing the wall would cost taxpayers (forever). 
I would bring up more statistics about illegal immigrants, but I already know that the sources that I would use to make these claims are going to be considered "bias" when compared to your sources (which I consider bias).
The war on drugs is a failure and you could easily say that it has made the situation worse in some ways, so saying "it makes the drug war really hard" 12:15 in the context of no border wall is false. The war on drugs has lowered the price of drugs.
God Bless Leroy. The look at the end lol
The clueless moron was confident enough in his ideas that he recorded himself 
That dude is straight up psycho.
Lol the women ready to get real
It's your fault, he wouldn't shut up and YOU DIDN'T STOP HIM 
So he wants a x-ray border but thinks borders are a thing of the past. We've got a winner over here!
With the present state of New Mexico, I wouldnt be surprised if he was elected governor. The education system in this state is depressing.
Stephen's face at the end 
Can you not find people who are of similar IQ to you to spar with?
Yeh New Mexico is FUCKED BRAINSWASHED SOCIALISTS! Its majority socialist! I'll restate this a bit more clearly, while in the US the silent majority is libertarian classical liberal, the silent majority of New Mexico is socialist to a degree that makes Che Guivvera look like Ron Paul! Especially Northern half of NM!
Someone please take that last zoom on Crowders face and turn it into the start of an Office episode.
Steven! Please come to SLC, utah! The snowflakes here would love something to throw a fit about! And I'd love to come to one of your talks.
That guy was obviously tweeted on adderall or meth...
This only hinders any progress on coming up with a solution on illegal immigration. I think most people just sat there after this video shaking their head in disbelief. He wants a 1900 mile long weather proof xray wall? WTH?
Well this is the exact type of woman that I don't want in the country...
The amount of time and money needed for the wall would take is too much, but crazy things is what about those who take planes and just stay?
That Spanish dude is an avid thinker. But not very intelligent lol
I usually enjoy these episodes but this guy reaaallllyyy made me uncomfortable and not want to watch this. Lol he is in another world and you were too kind to him. He talked in circles for so long I started to feel stupid. WHAT IS HE TALKING ABOUT !!!!!
Bless that first lady! She seemed afraid.  I hope things work out for her
Scientifical, free flowing, computer engineers
Wow, as a New Mexico citizen, I hope this man never gets far in politics
The second joker was talking a bunch a bullshit
Illegal immigrants take more in resources than taxes they may or may not be paying into the system...just look at any hospital emergency room or any health care facility...And look at the public schools...they are dumbed down big time because of these immigrants
#2 interviewee has watched too many sci fi movies.   Too many things he suggested are illegal... aside from scanning them, JUST tax them (assuming we can find them)

And within the next 5 to 10 years, we will be able to travel Super Cheap!  Why am I thinking of Blade Runner?
Im Mexican and I dont get why people want open borders I mean about 40% of my family has come to the US and adding
Hw dO  RDpoR He pEPe
Steven,
I just watched you video CMM Build the Wall. For the most part it appears similar opinions and reasons keep coming up in a vicious circle. People for the wall enjoy the greater sense of control and protections the wall hopes to provide. This includes the hot topics of drugs, citizenship, taxes, welfare, assorted taxpayer bennifits, assistance programs, background checks and balances. The people against the wall, for one, don't want it because Trump does, and/or they're against the expense, they don't believe Mexico will pay for it, they claim the impact is not that big of a deal yet are still against illegal immigration, they have conflicting views of the importance of secure boarders, and they claim that the wall will violate the rights of immigrants amongst other things. And thus the circle goes round and round.....
  And then there's me, I think both sides are wrong and hyper focusing on all the wrong things. And I believe that's the way it was intended.... So Mr Crowder, sit back relax and listen to be babble, and I invite you to change my mind.
  When I was a kid I'd fall down and scrape my knee. Mom would put a bandaid on my booboo, but my booboo was still there, I just couldn't see it as easily. I was focused on the bandaid now instead of the actual problem- watching where I was going to avoid falling in the first place.
  We don't need our Southern neighbors to cause crime for us, we do just fine with that on our own for goodness sakes. But you don't see us tossing up walls around the Bronx, but somehow the US keeps ticking on. As far as I'm personally concerned LGBTQC (C is for computer hahaha!!!) does more damage that's longer lasting for generations to come. But anyways....
  Boil it all down about the wall. There's lots of issues at hand. But the main ones that have always come up for years and years now, and continue to come up, includes Gov bennifits. All of them. People quickly get their knickers in a twist when it comes to money. Everyone is looking out for themselves. There's the real concern of the impact so many illegals have on the system which is struggling already anyways, and they're worried about getting what's theirs.... People are mostly pro wall because, well Mexico is paying for it afterall. Its a free asset protection in very real terms. And wether Mexico pays or not, they don't care because it'll still be free to them.
  So what am I getting at??? The Nanny State. Not many people burn $100 bills. And its the same with the Nanny State, people are not willing to abandon it. Why throw away an asset? Its typically not done! Yet it is my argument that is exactly what Americans should be focusing on and talking about. Abandoning all Socialist programs no matter what the cost $. YES! I live what I preach! I'm unemployed right now! I did NOT file for unemployment when I got laid off because I am not a Socialist! I do not believe in taking from others.
  But before I loose you, honestly if there were no Gov bennifits of any kind except for the protection of Freedom, what would be the dead honest problem of a nice family driving from Mexico to San Diego for the day with not so much more then a boarder check and perhaps a drug sniffing dog before they continued on their way? While the spend money here they pay sales tax for goodness sakes (the ONLY Lawful tax by the way). Sure there's more to it, there always is. But take the nipple out of the USofA peoples mouths, and please explain the issue of any and all Mexicans immigrating to a better place? I'm NOT against the wall either, not against the current boarder we currently have. I'm simply against the greed and entitlement that these gov bennys have created! Our founding fathers would be ashamed of us and sorely disappointed that we have allowed these issues to get above us! Again!!! And theres NO garuntee with or without a wall that a Mexican family will be any less Lawfull or drug free then my neighbors next door. Does Mexico have drug cartels and problems? Yes. So do we. Humans suck! Instead of medaling in the middle east perhaps we could have been assisting with that same force within our own Country and our Neighbors to diminish the problems. Perhaps our prisons could be modeled after other Countries invested in rehabilitation of inmates. Perhaps with a greater show of force and enforcement and consequence people would be less likely to do drugs. Perhaps if America didn't hate God then there could be greater moral courage. And perhaps without all these gov bennys and grants maybe wouldn't be so dang entitled and lazy and depressed in the first place.
   Sure, fine, go build a wall. But I garuntee that it will not fix the problem. It'll most likely make it much worse.
  I'm not crazy. I'm not closed minded. I look at things differently. I look for the Constitutional element. Never once was the plan to flee here, to tax people to death and give them free stuff taken from others, and then get mad at anyone else who equally was desiring to flee their corrupt gov for a better life to the land of the free. A wall? Really? Is this really what we have become?
  So again my friend, I'm am neither for or against the wall, but I'm against the reasons for both. The only wall that we need, is one around DC, with unlocked crash bar doors opening into it and with inward facing barbed wire around the top.
  America is dying.... this wall won't fix the problems.
Sincerely, Herb Mason
edit her id tag fools
Build the Xray!
I love your videos and I agree with your points 90% the time. This however, hits pretty close to home. Im a 19 year old Latino from Mexico. I dont particularly care for the wall, as I do understand that illegal immigration is not okay. However, this illegal immigration has happened many times throughout history. Biggest example: European Settlers fleeing religious persecution embarked ships and set sail to find a new land to be able to exercise these new beliefs. Another example would be Swedish migration towards Western United States in the 19th century due to the massive rise in population. This concept isnt new and everybody has a different perspective. There are times where it is okay to use a lawful compass, and there are other cases where many prefer using a moral one. I have had a work permit for about 4 years now and this work permit allowed me to study to get a drivers license and drive legally. This work permit allowed me to come out of the shadows and get a social security number. This work permit allowed me to work legally and allows me to file my taxes. When people like the Trump Administration mislead and spread pseudo knowledge, other people who know no better end up following his morale and decide to agree with them. This creates separation within the nation and screws people over who pay $1500 to renew this permit per 2 year gaps. Im not saying dont build the wall, Im simply giving those people who bash on every immigrant and idea of what is going on. I pay a lot of money to keep this permit and to actually be placed on the radar. So when people say build a wall, they also start to screw people like me who want to succeed over. Thank you for reading this.
Oh man. How do these people just say no and when asked why they have no idea.... it's just so sad that these people get to vote/ have a say.
Wtf lol
Make him stop talking!!!!
"I've been thinking about this a lot for the past three years.... Wasting trillions of dollars... I consider illegal immigrants a small percentage...."
The second guy does not understand most of the hard working ones come here, work very hard and send their money back to their home country to live like kings. That hurts America, not help it.
someone tell trump about this kid
I cant afford and im a cheap prick so please keep making free content
"i've been thinking about this for three years but i don't know i'd have to get some computer engineers and really smart people together to think about it and make my x-ray scanner system work."
Every time he says you speak in paragraphs he loses.
"Build the wall with your ass bitch" lmfaooo, im crying
Honestly lost some respect for Crowder, this one thing i definetly not agree with Crowder considering how illegal immigrants get in and the terrain of our border on the U.S and Mexico
Better watch this now before it gets deleted

13:17 Why did I know Steven was gonna be shady 
What this guy purposed was way scarier than anything I can think of.
I agree with the first woman the wall will cost way too much
Yep cheap prick Canadian here! Lol
I swear! Soon I will become a mug club member! As soon as you let me know when you're coming to UNT!
Crowder where are you at? I kinda wanna talk to you about these subjects. Because although I dont completely disagree with all of these matters I do have a slightly different lens to look at things. I would love to change your mind.
lets not build a wall but put a chip under their skin and tax them more y did Trump not think of this?
Can't tax illegals and they commit a disproportionate amount of crime but sure lets turn a first world country into a third world shit hole

No borders = no country
That crazy guy just makes me dislike Spaniards even more....
These titles keep getting better xD
wait so he wants no border control, but instead an x-ray border which he described to be like the checkpoints at airports or when exiting a grocery store. but who's to say that the imagrents would go through it?
maybe just need educated people who understand how the borders are run, maybe get a border agent as a guest
kys all
Yea lets tax people that will never pay taxes and have no desire to
"Bringi'sth thy an X-Ray wall, let thous't protect us from thy fears"
- Shakespeare 2020
Let's not be blaintant, we Need More Change my minds
That guy must watch Rick and Morty....
I just got dumber listening to this guy. Wtf? He's a certain kind of special isn't he? Lmao
"How do you get them through the checkpoint"

"Create an X-Ray thing etc."

"Okay, but how do you get them through the X-Ray thing"

"Idk I would need to talk to some masterminds"

How about... a wall so they cant go around?
I wish that our country wouldn't need a wall, yet it is necessary today. Children have been coming to the border on their own, and adults with children have not been able to prove they are the parents. This has made the people in our country responsible for these kids at the borders. That is why some of the children at the borders are alone. The Mexican government needs to step up, yet they are in so much trouble. The past few months, many politicians in Mexico have been murdered, and the country isn't in great shape. It is such a mess right now, yet I believe that we are doing the best we can.
"How high's the wall momma, 10ft high and rising.."
Being from New Mexico I can attest that this is typical New Mexican politics.
That guy that made New Mexico look like it's full of idiots.
People I promise  not all New Mexicans are the same. Definitely not voting for him  I say we build the wall 20ft taller now!
I love these. There are some great stories from the interviewees and Steven is very compassionate yet still affirmative on his position. What a swell guy!
Yes, yes, the idea of "x-ray border" sounds reduculous. But we all know what he means.
We've seen it in sci-fi plenty of times. A field that you walk through that reads/registers who you are, where and when you passed through.

The idea is plausible. We simply don't yet have the technology for such.

Just because someone can't explain their idea well doesntean it's absolutely a bad idea.

Possibly, have Mexico and the US, mark each citizen with a number/ chip or something of the like. (Think of the movie "In Time")

Then we could have readers across the border at intervals that mark when and who passes through.

Any crimes they commit can be registered along with their number.

~
Is it plausible at present? No. Not at all. But as he himself said, which is true, technology is changing faster and faster. 

Now I'm not saying I agree or disagree with that idea. Just wanted to try to give a better wording to his idea.

He's a smart guy, he just needs to slow down and expand his vocabulary and understanding of technology.
Something every one of us could benefit from if we each did it as well.
obvious Pink Floyd reference
Just give everyone a green card. Have stations where people can apply for a green card (background checks and such) give them easily, so liberals will stop whining. Green card holders don't qualify for any government benefits (health care, housing, food stamps), but still have to pay taxes, knowing there will be no ss retirement. The benefit is knowing if they have a child here that child would be a citizen
This particular individual is unscannable
That spanish fool in the white shirt and backpack is a idiot.
Hahahaha building a wall episode but Iglesia church van as their a/v room
Illegals don't pay taxes, because they aren't American citizens.
That guy OMG lol talking like a little child
So unfair! Did you expect the vlogger guy to be able to explain his plan when he was away from his group of masterminded individuals? For shame steven!
Man, the future governor of New Mexico was a real special  guy  I felt myself getting dumber by the second listening to him))) it just seems to me that the average American is pretty F-ing ignorant and stupid. I used to think weed was ok, but I gotta go Nancy Reagan and say. Just say no to drugs my friends.
Mexico needs the wall just as much as the U.S! A lot of guns go down south!
That guy in the white shirt is taking some seriously good lsd. Hook us up bro 
Man I hate when he goes to the public
X-RAY BORDERS FOR ALL!
5-10 years we prolly will have flying ubers and building the wall is also bad because itll cost a lot of money to make. but for every other reasons yes its a good thing to do for US
X-ray borders? Wow, that's pretty high-tech! lol
I do not support the wall for one main reason, in trump's recent tax plan he had the money being put to the wall, I do not want my tax money to go to the wall since it wasnt really anyone's idea until 2015. I do however support the increased security at the border
Feel bad for the woman because of her Neighbors.
Steven is talking to a nitwit
Don't build a wall, lay a minefield along the border.
These are always a healthy reminder that the majority of humans are stupid as absolute fuck
this guy is an idiot...let them come here and tax them  wtf?
The wall is expensive and pointless. Most illegal immigrants come here legally and dont leave after their visas expire. Also net immigration with Mexico has been net 0 since 08
People are so clueless how much crime illegals bring into this country and how much of our u.s tax dollars go to taking care of them.
Not gay fanny pack
Im sure crowder still has nightmares about Yusuf
I wish you did these with people who were actually informed on the matter, thats way we could have some actual dialogue lol. But I mean, its not your fault the common citizen isnt informed enough.
The guy mustve just watched minority report...
Sounds like that dude wanted a police state that knows where all non/current citizens are within a 20 minute drive of where they were scanned
Q: Borders becoming a thing of the past?
A: That's called a New World Order (SLAVERY)
Dangerous freedom is preferable to safe slavery
Have leeroy back for like a segment on how his X-ray boarder Wall theory is going.
The second was a cool guy
I realize, or at least I assume the young man who had the camera had a few issues. Either way, I feel that I must shine a light on the importance of a "Border". No borders mean no country, period. But this is truly what the Democrats want and all for voter turnout. They would sell out every American citizen, NAY, TRADE OUT any and all American citizens just for the Mexican vote. Politicians don't see race color or creed unless the color is green, i.e. Money. And this is especially true for those on the left. Green, the color of money, and poll's/ratings is all that matters. In fact, liberals will say and do whatever they can within reality, not always and all to achieve voter turnouts.
Thats funny because a lot of the drugs come in straight through the border and through tunnels. Not through the fence thats on now
New Mexico is in some real trouble is this dude decides too run hahaha
The this stupid don t no pablo escobar el chapo los capos ect omg why we have retarded like this stupid and this life
Leroy is generating ideas in a dimension higher than we can comprehend
Wow. Leroy is out there. Electronically tagging immigrants and tracking them at all times is as antithetical to what this country stands for that it just boggles the mind. That boy needs to set aside the sci-fi and read up on some history!
Druggssah 
lol rather than have legal immigration let's use some sort of biometric scanner to track illegal immigrants. That's way more in keeping with American values.
I love that he thinks we could afford to cover all our borders with his made up future tech.
This man is brilliant. President Trump should hire him to tackle the immigration problem.
hey dumbass...  go find your geniuses to come up with an idea for the free flowing yada yada yada.  
If those geniuses don't tell you that what you need is a WALL within 5 minutes...  they are not geniuses.  
The solution to this problem was invented WAY BACK in the BCE days.  WAY BACK.  
Like 15 minutes after mankind advanced past monkeykind.
A great man once said  "Fuck the wall  Mine the border instead."
I one day plan on being the governor of New Mexico 
LMAAAAOOOOOOO
Dose this camera guy think we live in the year 2177?
So, that guy is essentially saying each border needs a shock fence. Like with dogs
the wall was built with your ass bitch
Thatah Guyah Wasah scientifically stupidah .
If that dude becomes the governor of New Mexico I will pray for them
That mark is not a Spaniard.
Do one a vid on veganism
Also Leroy scares me with his thinking no human should be branded thats some devil stuff and thats demented and twisted
The wall would be a huge expense with a small payout. Many immigrants come to the US through planes a wall would help with that
Was the guy high?
Don't build a wall, that'll be ridiculous, the cost and it won't work. We need to build a bigger surveillance state that xray monitors you everywhere you go. I'm sure that'll be cheap and will work. Also, I'm thinking about being the Governor of New Mexico, the people there don't like all the immigrants, so I want to bring in more. Vote for me! PS. I'm not sure of anything I'm saying, I'll need to speak to a think tank funded by Soro's to validate my opinions.

Kids definitely going places.
I was really trying to give the second guy the benefit of the doubt but god damn he's an idiot.
Leroy isn't getting into Mensa anytime soon....
That mark is not a Spaniard.
do this in socal
I believe in Lower Taxes, Change My Mind.
Jesus Leroy. How dumb are you?  Seriously dude you are reason why people are pissed off. Good luck with running for governor you dopey shit!
Yes yes I have been waiting.for.change.my.mind for years thnx Steve your my favorite teacher 
PS. could you do gender is not a social construct
13:17 Same Crowder lol
We could definitely use that guy in a leadership position in government.
That Spanish dude is dumb as shit and a little crazy.
I think his vision for tagging illegal aliens like deer with an RFID chip will go over really well with the open borders crowd
Lots of things need changed thats for sure
This man is clearly on Drugszuh or pharmazooticles.
LMAO an X-Ray border, but we're not supposed to have borders...
Im against the wall Im very far right Im a independent constitutionalist/freedom fighter look if they build a wall thats against natural rights of god given rights freedom of travel doesnt mean I dont think every last person should be vetted and background checked and watched if they dont have much to give us about them for a year or two and have them on a list 

Also if the wall is built its anti freedom for Americans who want to leave freely wherever the want due to their natural rights
Well at least Leeroy had some good ideas
Uhhh so is steven just doing this for fun to see ehat people would say or does he actually want a wall? He talks about interesting topics
Americans think a wall is going to magically make people stop coming here . It didnt work in China , instead of wasting that money and waiting for the wall to be built, you can take actions now and enforce illegal immigration. In fact help make legal immigration easier , lets not have people wait years to finally be citizens. Make the containment camps more harsher so they wont come back illegal ever again. Make it so even if illegals do have anchor babies that they wont get free entitlements.
this guy has the mental capacity of a potato
LOL i am dead right now
Did the second person suggest that immigrants get tagged with an rdif chip?    FSS!!!   

The madness never ends.
The majority of illegal immigrants come in legally as visitors. They then proceed to overstay their welcome. I'm confused what kind of reform could stop this besides making git impossible to visit the country.
New Mexico is a sanctuary city? Dude, its a state... good luck with the whole Governor thing......
How about micro chip surgically in panted?
I liked Leroy's approach: Get them through "the system" (and instruction), get them SocSec #s, tax them... In other words: HAVE THEM FOLLOW THE NATURALIZATION PROCESS ALREADY IN PLACE BUT WHICH IS IGNORED! LOL! That was rich!
It's interesting! You're a great debater - the second someone says something that actually proves a point against yours, you throw it away and they actually let you just steam roll them. Other than that - it's a shame that in all of these videos you enforce statistics but remove ethics (both fact and ethical issues are just as relevant in society and allow society to thrive). It would be interesting if you actually considered ethical positions as well coming from a sociological background.
So you did the wall. GREAT! How about, I believe in Border Security, Change My Mind.
The drug cartels have digging tunnels down pretty well by now I don't think the wall is going to stop it they'll spend the time & money and dig under it no problem. Only reason its less common now is its cheaper to send them across on foot and if they get caught the drugs are cheap and the people mean nothing to the cartels. If tunnels become the new cheapest way it will be what they use.
I think that dude was just trolling, otherwise he has something wrong in his head?
I already supported building the wall but after watching this..Where can I volunteer to help build the wall??
He sounds high
My girlfriend is a legal immigrant from eastern Europe. The majority of legal immigrants are for border enforcement as is she. To be honest it isnt fair to those whom went the proper channels, paid the money to get in and took the steps to become a citizen. It isnt fair to those who are waiting to get in legally. Why should someone who has gotten in illegally be allowed to stay while people who have come here legally cannot get their family brought in?
Hahaha!!! I think he can be the CA governor, he sure did sound like her. Lol
LOL.  Loved that dude, "I'd have to get a few masterminds" for his plan lol.

Man these people are retarded.
You would be here with GoGreenGlobal. Holy shit hahahah
You struck comedy gold with this, ROFL. You know it's sad too because, this is a snapshot of the typical uninformed liberal voter that's detached from rational thinking and common sense. Facts>feelings!
So if not a wall, then what?
-Oh I dunno, some kinda like, x-ray scanner or something...

I'm done. I just can't anymore.
I feel really  sorry for that one lady in the beginning.  Here she is, doing things the right way, being put into a state of fear by illegal immigrants in her neighborhood,  but also fearful that she could never visit her relatives in Mexico because she believes that she could never return if a wall is built. 

I still believe that a wall should be built,  but we have to do more to secure the nation and US citizenship, as many illegal immigrants come here via overstaying their visa. We need to track people like that - microchip them.
The Mexican guy is an idiot. Lets make an X-ray border????
This guy said he is not Mexican?? He said he is Spanish .... my dude you are more Mexican than a taco !
13:18 literally Jim Halpert
Let me tell you this, there are NO negatives that come from building the wall. Legitimately NO negatives. Thee ONLY reason that people don't "want" the wall is because Trump is in office. I guarantee the first 10 words from someone who argues against the wall will say "Trump". If Hilary did this, she would be praised. Not because she does it better or faster. But because people are in so much denial, and still so ANGRY that she lost, they will argue against things that will ACTUALLY improve their lives and the countries.
Worse CMM ever! No boarders! That's my suggestion. No wall, because most illegal immigrants get here by over staying their visa and  thing called air planes exist.  Free and open with no checking between Mexico, Canada and the USA.  Just like the provinces in Canada. Or the boarders between  states. Boarders are a joke and only artificially create divisions.
wtf how stupid
Crowder, if you fail to seize the golden opportunity of both going after #TheRealBossHoggs AKA Pharmaceuticals with straight facts to cut through that murky bullshit we all hear AND make for another badass remake in LWC fashion riffing off this last Interview, I just won't know what to say;
Reach me with your thoughts comments, concerns, questions, I have thus far fulfilled all my rational and obvious moral responsibilities, We good? 
Dear god these two are making Hispanics look retarded
Before open borders can occur, no citizenship unless you respect the inaleenabie rights of other citizens, work visas can be easier, crime background much more stringent, and citizenship much much more difficult. Voting process much more thoroughly vetted, and no voting for anyone other than citizens. No income tax, no IRS, no federal-(i.e. "feudal") reserve, simplify legislation so that there are zero riders on bills, the content of the bill is only one item, nothing unrelated to it added on! If all this occurs the globalist fuedalist leftists will then say what's the point. And they prove the point, that the left uses foreigners as pawns not actually caring about them, but using them to enslave other people under corporate-neofuedalism, there's no such thing as socialism anymore btw, the left now is totally behind the very thing that socialism preached against (but was secretly supporting). And they are no longer secretly supporting it, total colonial fuedalism, even though Native Americans are rightfully angry about colonialism.
That Face lol
I'm not necessarily against strengthening the border. It does have its importance, and it's mind-boggling to have people saying we should just have ZERO border laws without thinking of the consequences that would come if they weren't a thing. However, what I DON'T like is Trump prioritizing building this wall over instead tackling the source of the problem. Building this wall isn't gonna stop every immigrant from finding a way around this thing. Instead, what we SHOULD be doing is helping to solve the issues that CAUSE Southern Americans to want to flee over here to our country. When those issues are solved, BOOM, it's a win-win situation for both sides. South America is freed of their issues, and we don't have to deal with so many illegals causing issues for us.
Can we get a change my mind about climate change? I want to see that, that would be so funny
I think the rays they should use on the border is gamma rays
He wants to be Mayor of New Mexico....the sanctuary city....yup, he's a contender!
ONE MORE:  I believe in the 1st Amendment, change my mind.
We need that wall. Thats why we voted for Trump. Period.
That guy talking about the 'Xray thing' basically described a border checkpoint, but god forbid we call a spade a spade.
Its upsetting to see how lost some people are in society...
Those last few seconds felt like a scene from The Office.
Scientifical proof that the mentally challenged are unaware of their condition
I dont know whats scarier, the fact that he might run for governor of new mexico one day, or the fact that with the mindset of many on the left, he might get elected.
Dont know what's worse, the people who interviewed or the sad fact that you have to have security watching your back while you try and film.

keep up the good work guys
Creditable people
Just taxem - makeem pass the courses. Pure entertainment.
Its a free thought... well Im glad we didnt have to pay to listen to this guys grand ideas.
Jesus christ... could you have got a worse person to sit down. This white shirt guy should be on "1+1=2 change my mind"
The 2nd dude is just a meme
Wow that dude has some mental issues. He wants to be Governor? LoL!!
As soon as Leroy started talking, I knew he was a New Mexican. Its something about the way he was talking. 

Why not use the same technology used on toll road passes in our ID cards. Since SS numbers are like our own personal "VIN" and tax code, drivers licences are in a database, why not mash up all that info along with a DNA sample and finger prints, into a series of numbers and issue that to  US citizens. Of course that's big brother at its finest. Put all those scanners at every stop sign, street lamp, supermarket, gas station, bank, and public restroom, you'd know who shouldn't be there real quick. But you'd have to give up some privacy. Big Brother at it's finest. Just a random thought I thought was interesting.
This guy is wanting technology thats 200 years in the future. Im dying of laughter
This 2ed guy is on meth...
It sounded like that guy wanted to micro-chip immigrants?
Nothing against the guy in the white bc he seems confident with what hes saying, but hes saying a lot of nonsense and halfbaked ideas. Idky Im not more confident when I at least have some thought out ideas.
Okay, buildng the wall is an idiotic idea. If you think that it will prevent illegal immigration, you would be mistaken. There  is an entire cave structure of tunnels that the wall couldn't take care of. For it to take care of all of these holes there would be a humongous price, much higher than the already estimated price Trump is naming, and this money would be coming out of our own pocket because there's no reason that Mexico could pay for it, even if they could. Furthermore, there is a considerable lack of border patrol, which would be a much better way to approach the goal of preventing illegal immigration, when we don't consider that the biggest cause of illegal immigration is really people coming on temporary visas and then not leaving. A wall will not prevent these people from coming into our country, where better guarding of our borders by actual people would be more affordable. Further, increasing the guards at the border provides more long-standing jobs than the ineffectual wall would.  And from what I hear, the wall would be more effectual in keeping people in rather than out, seeing as more people are trying to leave than enter this country. We also have people who live in the United States legally that have property this wall would run through, which doesn't benefit these people at all.
I wouldn't be opposed to making it much easier to come here legally but then at the same time make the penalties for being here illegally strict, control the border, AND crack down on businesses that hire illegals
You should've explained to her how Mexico has a very large fence on the border plus explain to her how Mexico treats illegals there.
A ad for your video in your video I didnt even know I was watching a ad for a second.
Presidente Trump, sube la pared!
8:27 "immigration is only going to get WORSE" wew interesting way to describe the situation lol
PLEASE MAKE LONGER CHANGE MY MIND VIDEOS!
This dude is like text book amazing at the proper mechanics of an argument.
Post your references!
I think he's been talking to many of those drug's!
If you truly want to challenge your views on the immorality of illegal immigrants please click on the link below:
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2018/06/19/two-charts-demolish-the-notion-that-immigrants-here-illegally-commit-more-crime/?noredirect=on&utm_term=.2a21b27114a0
thank you. thank you. thank you!!!!! ive been begging for this one. please do a part 2
Hes trying to formulate his ideas but its not working out at all for him. Huge respect for Leroy for being respectful and for being thoughtful but he just has no idea what hes talking about whatsoever. And also huge respect to crowder for not being so annoyed at him for not understanding.
Is that guy for real?
Leroy is on drugsa.
How do you Tax ILLEGAL Immigrants where the majority probably aren't in the system anyway...?
Oh Leroy 
Last guy is a real professor... smh
When your calling for x ray scanners Id scan registrys is chips and Masterminds..... umm buddy that right there is the  recipe for really really bad things like I cant properly express how bad that is.
Why would they need to become citizens if there is no border? Non sense
This dude just "scientificul"... what drugs is this man on
Jesus, Steven: EDIT! Stop letting idiots ramble on and on and on and on. 

I would have asked the beaner (4:05) right off: "Do you lock your house/car? If so, why? Also, how many of the Earth's billions should America take in, make citizens, and give benefits to?"
I am sorry crowder has to deal with this... i want to eat crayons now... and is there a new flavor windex?
This is what we need baby! The second guy was learning! Thats important, even if they didnt agree in the end its opening the door for him to change his mind since hes not ignoring the facts
What surprised me that it's only 13 minutes long, need more!! :D
When Steven sets up a Change My Mind booth, they aren't sending their best.
When you receive something that is put in/on your right hand or forehead, and you can not buy or sell unless you have it, you will also receive the full wrath of God.  Research "Mark of the Beast 666" for you Millennials that probably haven't heard much about it.  This is what ALL the brainwashing is leading up to so that you will take the Mark willingly.
That lady reminds me why getting educated matters...
So... Lojack the immigrants?
Its like arguing with a goldfish
Ya gotta come to Southern Illinois University Edwardsville, tons of people with debate you when school starts in August, enjoy the show!
Can you do this in College Campuses cause people in the streets dont bring forth good arguments.
Change my mind videos are awesome
Unedited conversations?! That lady's face was blurred. I doubt it looks like that in real life; seems like an edit to me. 

Got him!
Is the great wall of China racist? Is the border between North and South Korea racist? Are all the other walled off sections of Americas borders with Mexico and Canada racist? Is the fence that keeps my neighbors stupid dog from shitting in my yard racist? ....No
This guy is ridiculous haha
That kid has no sense-a.
Just invents statistics.
Wants electronic tracking devices put into people.
X-Ray Borders.

Drugs-a 
Past-a
Fast-a
This-a
Data Base-a
Opiates-a
Where did you find the intelligent Spanish dude. Leroy having issues getting a point across. Our schools have failed America
Do this again these people were just talking out of their ass
Where do you do these interviews?
most of the border is already covered most illegal immigration comes from overstayed visas dumb ass fucks it comes from planes not fucking jumping over the big ass wall
Wow you clicked baited people
Whack no one was right lmao not even Steven
Kinda need a WALL with a gate to put that X-RAY on. Unless he wants X-rays running along the entire length of the border.
The sad part is that the guy is actually trying to figure out an alternative way to solve illegal immigration. Unlike the democrats who don't change anything and want everything to stay the same. He is truly more productive than all of them. Still i did not understand his logic of thinking at all.
If they go through an x-ray and write a report then they aren't illegal. And how would you even do that without a wall?
LEROY!!!! 
11:37 Oh brother...
Your face at the end was like a scene from the office lol
Bruh make LONGER videos with people that can make a VALID argument. Maybe go back to college campuses?
Lmao hey the next Governor of New Mexico was on Change My Mind
Lmao why would they walk through the Extra gate if theres no wall
Well that was disappointing.  I feel like Crowder's studying prior to this episode was wasted on the people chosen for the debate.  I was looking forward to hearing his stance on the matter, not listen to some guy talk out of breathe about xray electronic passports and no borders.  Could be that they were unable to find a decent person to debate with in an entire day of filming, but this episode was a total let down.
An X-ray border would be great. But, uh, how?
PIR......X
We could all get those exploding neck collars...get out of line...your head explodes.
Waste of tax dollars the wall will be a hindarence. It'll just slow illegal border crossings down, until they can find another way to get through.  Cartels already have and had tunnels for trafficking drugs and people across the border thinking a wall will simply put an end to it is foolish.
Back in 2007, the U.S tried to build a 700 mile fence in order to secure the border. It did not work because it is illegal to build anything near a river (the Rio Grande in this case) because it may interfere with the river itself. So, they tried to build it in land, and by doing so, the government forcefully took the property of hundreds of American property owners. The fence was very expensive and a failure, take a look at this source
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Secure_Fence_Act_of_2006
Taxing undocumented workers? LMFAO
"You know like..."
Just annex Mexico
My reason not to build the wall. Let's say we do build the wall, it's going to take months possibly longer just to design a wall that size. Not only that a wall that size will take years to build. Chances are one of the future presidents will abandon that wall. We wasted money and time to build that wall. Trump claims Mexico will build the wall, there's many things Mexico could do to stall the building of the wall and wait it out until their free of building it. Also convincing Mexico to build the wall is highly unlikely. Now let's say the wall is complete, there's many other ways to get into the country. Building the wall will only cause conflict with Mexico, and right now we can't afford to be on bad terms with any other countries. (Keep in mind I'm not against the wall, I'm just thinking of the reality of it)
They're breaking our laws by how they come here, but forget that! Make them citizens!

Yeah... Like that would help....
Amazing how this guy is so comfortable with the idea of the government tagging and tracking you with microchips presumably surgically inserted into your body, but the idea of a concrete wall preventing illegal entry is just too much to handle. Im pretty sure the average IQ of most of the Change my Mind participants is comparable with the temperature of the luke warm coffee basking in your mug club cup
Congrats on 2 million subs!!
that dude is an absolute idiot
X-ray borders... brilliant...
Im not sure what subscribed means anymore either, but I know what a freeloading cheap prick is, and I know how to unsubscribe. Fuck you, asshole.
I was just telling my husband about these change my mind segments! I was complaining you need to do another one then bam here it is lol. Too short though 
This dude is spun out of his fucking mind. He's high. Did you not realize this?
Please make another one.
Maybe with some more intelligent people if possible?
Sounds like he's getting at something along the lines of a microchip.... or maybe....hmmmm.... the mark of the beast?   A universal mark or barcode that allows you to be scanned, tracked,  and move about the world? 

Or....... maybe it's just an X-ray machine... what do I know?
Im from New Mexico and yea that guy was pretty off....
Fucking x-ray boarders...   What the fuck are x-ray boarders?!
Im not sure what subscribed means anymore either, but I know what a freeloading cheap prick is, and I know how to unsubscribe. Fuck you, asshole.
Is this game of thrones? idiots! Just punish people who hire illegal workers. Wall wont work.
That ending killed me 
X-ray borders 
Society's have always built castle wall's ,borders ,countries  to keep people safe .
"Im not mexican im spanish" what? Am i missing something like is there a difference ?
Where can I find the citations for many of the statistics you bring up, especially about the crime rates from illegal Immigrants? I believe you but It would be useful to have the citations to use for references in my own arguments.
Holy shit dude, your face matched mine! WTF? X-ray wall? Llolololool
New Mexico is fucked worse than California! Californa valley at least has a very high number of libertarians.
I'm so tired of hearing about the woes of illegal alien. I'm also tired of people falsely referring them as some kind of 'immigrant'. I want a 'better' life. Where can I run to where I'll be taken care of as good as they are. Illegal aliens have destroyed our country.
Invaders.
You can't change the mind of entitled racist crackkkers it's impossible
ALL illegals are criminals by virtue of entering the country...wait for it...ILLEGALLY!
Very idiotic people you interviewed this time around
LoL The Problem is a Person Who enters this country Illegal can NOT Become a Citizen That would be like, going to Disney and Cutting in front of other people, also Those who have been cause More than once are automatically Deported again, Funny How Some People have Forgotten Kate Steinle already
WTMF was that guy talking about. He sounded like a buffoon. Seriously Leroy
She came here legally, and she doesn't want her rights taken away by those that would abuse the rights we (most at least) take for granted.  She doesn't take them for granted.  She just doesn't want a wall.  Fair enough.
People seem to be very appalled at the immigration laws of America, saying why are you ripping children from parents arms? My question is, "The report, issued annually by the Administration for Children and Families of the Department of Health and Human Services, shows that 437,500 children were in foster care by the end of fiscal year 2016. A year earlier the number was 427,400." What regulations, policies and marches are happening for these children. And what is the defining factor of children that are considered being treated poorly? Half a million kids in care almost (just in foster care, i don't believe thats counting group homes as well), what are we doing as a people and as a community to not only prevent these numbers from increasing, and what are we doing to help the children themselves? Is it safe to assume that there currently isn't enough resources to support children in Canada and America if these numbers are growing at high rates? Wouldn't having state and provincial child welfare laws, mean geographical location defines that childs resources? And when do people start rallying behind Indigenous issues currently in Canada and America? Love what you do Steven! Thank you for being the voice we need!
This is the first one I've seen NotGayJared in
10:29 inaudible screeching
I think borders will be a thing of the past in the next 5 -10 years.
What fucking planet is this guy living on?
This Latino man thinks we are living in 3018. 

I cant believe how stupid he is, but then again he does sound like your typical progressive.
I got an ad for crtv with Steven's last episode of change my mind in it for this episode of change my mind
The ignorance of the comments here are astounding.
Illegal. Say it with me. Illegal.
Don't want to protect our country? Leave!
And don't you dare call law enforcement to help you when you don't want the laws enforced.
Leory is 100% high on crack
That's the problem.. Naive non thinking normal people don't think like criminals and theres some baaaaaad people in this world!  These guests  can't even think right and could never protect a country.
That pogo intro music... so good. Check out his channel if you havent heard of him
0 intelligent thought
Leroy is pretty chill
these people are retarded
This video has shown me a new level of stupidity I did not think could be achieved
I feel dumber having watched this.
So the guy he talked to second is basically an advocate for giving up. It's too hard to defend the borders, so let's forget it. We're not winning the drug war, so why bother trying. Using that logic, sometimes you have a bad day, what's the point in pushing through it? Why not just blow your head off instead of trying again tomorrow? I don't get that way of thinking.
That spanish guy is talking some biblical stuff man.  borderless nations, rfid chipping. combined with all the virtue signalars and sjw thought police everywhere it reminds me of minority report.
It's unfortunate to see these two people ostensibly agree with Crowdermigrate legally, pay taxes, work, don't contribute to the drug problembut they've been conditioned to think "racism" when the word "wall" comes up.
I dont agree with you but I still subscribed because I enjoyed the way you expressed your opinion
I got a Steven crowder ad on this video
Good luck New Mexico..
If i'm wrong please let me know...

My father is an immigrant from Spain, came to this country not speaking a word of English. He worked very hard to get a green card, learn the language, and studied hard to learn his trade.
His views on immigration are very 'conservative', he says come legally and there won't be an issue.

Now on the other hand. My sister is marrying an English man, they both live in Barcelona, Spain.
They have been working for around 1-2 years to get her fianc to the US legally. Spent time and a lot of money they don't have to make this work. It's very difficult. 

The fact that people think 'it's racism, it's only Mexican citizens' is NOT true in any sense, becoming a legal citizen of the US is hard, for ANY immigrant,  be you a white man from England, a fisherman from Japan, or anything in between.
In my humble opinion. The laws should maybe be fixed up to make it easier for people to come legally. The process is hard,  and desperate families will do anything to give their children better lives. Legally or not.
So maybe change the way we handle immigration, so it's not SO difficult to come legally.
If i'm wrong please let me know.
get your hard hat ready !
shoutout to those who sit down and have civil discourse despite different opinions
I just wanna make sure that I get this clear. The future governor of New Mexico wants electronic id tags that track where the holder goes. Even in the city.
Does that first woman know you don't need a coke bottle to grow coke?
x-ray wall poggers lol
How about I change your mind through a written text? I think I can.
Holy shit someone just needs to mention how counterproductive building and maintaining the wall would be, and how its just a spectacle of security and not actually preventing illegal immigration at all.
"Governor of New Mexico", yeah right.
Boss Hog def-  Wealthy, old white men, whose sole aim in life is to oppress and enslave everyone.
sentence: Those Boss Hogs be oppressing me.
Crowder, blur the face on the first woman's ID lanyard. You blur her face, but not her identification with her face.
Another crowder vid not in my sub box. Wow YouTube.
Leroy why do you always do this
Lol is this guy a troll?
Anyone should be able to enter women's bodies so long as it's called "undocumented coitus." Right?
That guy was high
On behalf of all New Mexicans I wholeheartedly disavow this Leroy Trujillo fellow.
Trump and this man are nuts. This Trump wall is like a story written in the Onion. Funny if it were not true. First Mexico, then Congress, then the Pentagon, then crowd sourcing, and now kidnapping and extortion to pay for the thing.
10:27 We're all living in 2018 while this guy living in 3018
Crowder! I was a hippy liberal for so long...thought you were a douche at first...until one of my idols, Rogan, got a little too defensive about one of my favorite plants and was a little douchey to  you and I was like, damn...Crowder is actually being rational on this one...Love the Change my mind series, man...that being said...I think the wall is stupid ...haven't watched this yet...but will. Peace and intellectual honesty for all! Also...have you ever seen a She-gator protect her young?
Build the wall. Designated marksmen every ten miles or so randomly distributed will take care of the leakers. Detain the immigrants,  execute the coyotes (the ones guiding the illegals)
That poor fuckin lady.
So brave of you to have this conversation in your underwear!
That lady has to have a mental illness, she makes less sense than Democrats.
I support legal immigration but I dont like the wall - superior logic right there.
The dude gets an A for effort
1. Physically Impossible in the span of his term.
2. Theyre just going to use another way.
3. Do you honestly think one of the most renowned businessmen in the world would cut ties with arguably one of your biggest trading partners?

*That being said these are more directed at why you wont rather than why you shouldnt.
This guy making the raza look bad
Keep em coming!
Leroy-a is high as a kite-a talking like this-a
This was rough. I could barely finish it.
The difference is that Americans who are buying the drugs are OUR problem. The people bringing the drugs in are NOT our problem.
Just seems like it would cost too much, that is if its literally a big huge wall all across the southern boarder
This is gonna be fun. :)
i feel like these change my minds have been dumbed down since the meme
That lady is against building the wall... because she'd rather just fucking nuke Mexico lol
This dude made people in New Mexico look like fucking idiots.
What the fuck was that? Blur his face. His kids might see this one day.
8:22 omg this guy is a MORON
when you live in the land where the government forces ID chips into your children
This dude is coked up! Has no real idea.
I agree on a lot of things but I honestly dont think the wall would do anything just because of the realistic principles on how politics plays a role in drug distribution both legal and illegal. The war on drugs is the reason for poor borders honestly. Its all a sham. Our own country has lied to us and it seems a lot of things are coming forward since trump so hopefully this and more of the truth comes out.
Jesus Is God - Change My Mind
The guy has a good point about the pharmaceutical industry being the worst of the drug problem lol
For that lady's safety, you should've done some voice editing too. See, I get her point why she's not in favor of The Wall. To the fukced up shit that is already inside our country, it's not keeping them out. But what needs to be conveyed is that The Wall can potential limit how much of the rotten people can get in so that we can then focus on getting the one's still in this country out. 

It's just like if your house is flooding from water on the outside. Well before you try scooping water out, you need to limit if not block the water that's still getting in first. Otherwise you'll NEVER get the job done.
Does anyone notice how you blurred her face but not her ID tag with her name and face???!!!!
honestly the whole wall thing seems like a big waste of money. not even considering it as deterent to migrant crossings, it just sounds like we could build more infrastructure where it actually matters
Trump 2024 change my mind
Steven I lost brain cells watching Leroy.
So, the answer has been found. It's like an x-ray border, ya' know man. Brilliant. I feel as if a wall has fallen on me.
Do you think location might have contributed to the drive bys? Lol
Just got a louder with Crowder ad on a louder with Crowder vid



Nice.
I lost precious brain cells watching that dude... x-ray border ... yeah okay 
bro, the stupidity on simple-minded thought processes fucking TRIGGERS THE FUCK OUTTA ME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
So what do you do when you want to opt out of the x-ray border? The #idontwannagothroughtheait
I hate it when Mexicans say they are not Mexican. That they are Spanish
I just entered a country illegally, let me register myself down as a taxpayer even though I have no money to pay said taxes...
singing
going to debate crowder....but then i got high
going to talk about the boarder.......but then i got high
came up with a some X-ray shit......and I know WHY
(why man?)
Cause I got High, cause i got high......cause i got high...doo dee doo doo doot doot.

I felt bad for the first woman, and I understand why she kept saying she said too much.  FEAR.  its a shame, and a reality here in CA

keep it up Crowder

-Fick
WAS JUST WATCHING GAme of Thrones... paused it for this.
Letting people come in does NOT stop the problem why they leave in the first place.... No one should have to pay for other peoples problems either.
13:17  when you heard the most unethical  way to deal with illegal immigrants
If most of the illegal immigrants that enter this country fly in on temporary visas and just stay past the time to go back the wall is just a very expensive way of preventing a small portion of those who enter this country illegally.
The only people who get mad when you set boundaries are those who benefited from you not having any.
lady and gentlemen...... New Mexico's future governor.....
Don't forget to make Mexico pay for it.
This guy is coked out of his head
That's dirty airing what she said when she leaned in to whisper dude. You could get her hurt.
I want the drugs that guy was on.
Honestly that first interview was just sad
If you blurred her face, you should probably blur the ID card hanging from her neck too.
I lost brain cells watching this one.
Leeroy is an idiot!
Build that fucking wall asap.
Do people realize you do in fact need a wall/fence or some separation line that marks where one country ends and another starts? Different places develop different laws & regulations. You need a marker to show where different rules start and end. Also, you may need to have barriers to keep criminals from other places from taking advantage of your territory. This is very logical and should be self-evident.
At least the guy is looking for a solution instead of being offended. Geez
I worked with a dreamer, had a work permit, drivers license, car insurance, speeding tickets. Wasnt deported
Oh dear this is an argument for a better education
bunch of knuckleheads that felt like voicing their opinions on this one (more so than usual). i think a "Don't Build the Wall" Change My Mind would have been more interesting. even many Trump supporters aren't for the wall, and it would be interesting to hear some super conservatives defend their position.
Steven, you should have held that look at the end for at least 30 seconds, and played Twiight Zone in background. What the what ?????
Freaking love the change my mind segments!
What if I told you we already have one.. lol "borders shouldnt be a thing".. bro, try walking into any other country in the world.. we aren't "racist" for wanting secure borders, it's a national security policy that every nation has.
Ugh
Maybe we can get Space Force to build this X-Ray wall for their first project.
Omg.... I lost some IQ points listening to that dude.... and I'm from NM too. Our states education system at its finest...
Steven is wearing vans
I hope that women is alright. She seemed really concerned with her safety.
Going for broke.. homeboy is an idiot.
Dude is advocating for chipping people like dogs jesus.
That second guy...he made my brain hurt. He wants to put xray gates all along the border. Yes. Let's give the immigrants and residents within the area cancer. Yes. slow clap yes.
How about we do special taxes where any dolt in America that wants to pay for a stupid symbolic wall can pay for it if they so choose, and the rest of the population can laugh and keep their money?
Forget Governor, this guy should go for General of the Space Force.
Um, are you guys done with the unedited interviews?
If so you should stop saying thats what you're doing...
104k likes in 3 hours still not treanding smh
I hate that these people lack vocabulary, they probably could argue their point but most of them can't bc not vocabulary... it was very hard to watch this...
10:58 just make it gamma ray and be done with it
How do illegal aliens pay taxes? My township spends $24K per student per year. You can't convince me their parents are providing $24K of economic benefit to the township each year.
There's only one argument against The Wall that I find compelling, which is that a border wall could be used by an oppressive US government to prevent it's citizens from venturing outside of the Country without permission.
I dont want to have illegal immigrants in our border as well but am I the only one who thinks this wall wont keep them out. Some of those illegals lifes are in jeopardy unless they cross the border so I dont think a wall will stop them.
I feel like this video is just make liberals hear there arguments out loud so they know that they just sound straight up retarded.  He should how ever post a actual intellectual debate cause Ive been in many debates as well and would like to hear what he has to say about it.
I'll admit that an actual wall is a bit extreme, but it's only after decades of more "reasonable" solutions being undermined and shot down at every level by various special interests that it has come to this.
4:21 lol
I like what the guy said... he sounds like trump... but without the hate.
"Hey look it's the new X-ray border."
"Cool. There's no wall. Let's go around it."
Suggestion: I am for due process, change my mind.
The ppl interviewed are very low IQ, no substantive debate, just mindless drivel. Im sorry but this video gets a grade of D+.
That guy was living in a fantasy land.
the dude with the camera is fucking dumb. He wants to tag peolpe...wtf hahah. Steven should've just walked away
Steven Crowder . We should pay for our own wall change my mind.
leroy was just brainstorming on the spot. his mind changed like 9 times
OH GOD.  This is unbearable.
WOW!! Steven you just were on the "beau-green global" show?!! That's like my favourite show of all time!! Leroy sent me here ;-) Lolz wtf
As an ex opiate addict of 10 years, I consider myself an expert. Yes, I got hooked on pills. When the government cracked down on prescriptions, I went to heroin. Most of my dealers were Mexican. Most of the drugs I did was Mexican black tar. If there had been no Mexican black tar, it'd have been much harder to find and I'd have potentially had to get clean then. Blame it on junkies all you want, but if there's no product, there's no junkies. Is it too much to ask these people to use logic?
Oh my word this dude was hilariously stupid!
That look @ 13:16 LMAO 
Why does she have a plant in a water bottle
That was fuckin painful to watch. Wtf
I like this guy, I'm all for the #laserxrayborders build a laser wall
X Ray border
The X-ray border 
Don't build the wall, instead violate people's privacy instead by tagging them with xrays. And this guy wants to be a governor???? No wonder there aren't many Mexican scientist, they are all idiots.
I bet his friends never argue with him
Have you heard austin petersen's argument for immigration reform. I personally believe it is a more welfare issue than uncontrolled immigration
I got an ad for the only two genders change my mind and got so confused, still a great video
Just don't give them any hand outs...no free lunch here..so it won't matter then cuz without money and no job they will quit coming
this dude is on something
I'll have whatever drug that guy was on please
Trump wants a wall. Bernie wants things free. If they worked together they could build a wall for free
This guy in white shirt sounds stoned or brainless.
Another excellent post,  these change my mind shows are excellent , raw and honest 
10:40 this guys an absolute idiot he makes no sense. Stop them coming in, and digitally scan them without walls.. whats he want. A line of friendly security guards standing along the boarder  fuck my life
My head hurts ????. The lady wants to play narc. The guy in the white t sits down like he has his facts and argument ready. Just plain ohhh confusion here. I think there is a bar near
420 Dislikes
Props on the guy with the DFA shirt
We have a huge population anyways. We don't need more people as well as their money.  America has enough problems with out adding even more people. Yes America was born on immigrants in the beginning, it's not how America should be forever.
He was talking from his azz.
You hit two million subs!
You have to find smarter people than this or these segments are pointless.
Friscal conservatives thinking multiple ongoing wars & border walls are economically viable, yet healthcare isnt.
First lady had a pet plant









That's so cool
That last guy.... I lost so many brain cells listening to himmah
This dude doesn't want a border wall but is okay with placing an electronic device on every person in the country so they can be scanned through a data base... one would argue that's a much more extreme measure sir.
Basically, he prefers a digital wall...
As a conservative the wall is a waste of time since they can fly over the wall or just take a boat. But border security is important
X-ray borders, give them all cancer !!!
I'm having a hard time believing the guy wasnt high as fuck lol.
If these people are representative of the sort of immigrants we're getting, we're in real trouble. I know the second person said his family has been here since the 1500s, but his accent tells a different story.
Borders are a thing of the past. 
Yeah ok...
xray border lol, are we going to put a chip in every mexican so they can be xrayed?
I was really interested in learning what the left wanted to do with border control and it sounds like they don't have a clue!
Now that is profound naivety.
Tards can't understand their own retardation
That was a waste, got some real bright stars there. That guy was worthless 2 sentences in but I still managed to give him the benefit and listened for another 5 min. Nope could have stop and been good with myself.
So he wants a border... But not a border.... So confused
<3
Does that disproportionate stat about murder include the illegal immigrants who mass murder through terrorism? I imagine that alone would make the disproportionate crimes weigh in their favor meaning it's not illegals in general but specifically terrorists. I personally don't care about walls I don't think they will do harm or good in the long run. In the future all walls will be torn down as value convergence is approached. Until then I'm just curious how many of the murders in this stat were in mass murder events by a few.
That dude was lit
Come to this country LEGALLY, like me!
Forgot to blur that woman's Id badge!!!!!
For everyone saying the wall is a waste of money just use technology to monitor crossings. We need way more border and ICE agents to enforce your idea. So if you want to increase BPA/ICE numbers ten fold then I'm in favor of it. Personally I'd like the wall and the extra agents but I'll take one. Good barriers also tend to create funnels and choke points making it easier to catch people even if they don't outright stop crossings.
I'd love to see you revisit this topic once school starts so you can go on campus and get more conversations.
The mexican-indian who thinks he is Spanish, is scary as hell if he is representative of what the future holds. An x-ray wall that records a chip ID? These sort of deranged ones, are the first to go when the " Great Purge " begins!
That guy was a moron. Seriously I dont think he has a clue what illegal even stands for.
What drug-ZA is he on?
Damn! Making a difference. I hope you helped that woman report those people causing her to live in fear.
How the hell does he get that illegal immigrants commit 37% of homicide?
this guy doesnt think before he talks, hes just word vomiting things he's heard... if he actually sat down and thought about what he was saying he'd realize how stupid it sounds
The name should be "Crowder brainwashes stupid people"....
After three years of planning and a lots of Mexican pot, the RFID reading X-ray border wall is nearly complete.

........Isnt that still a Wall though?

Nobody asked for your logic!!!
The homicide conviction rate for native-born Americans was 3.88 per 100,000, 2.9 per 100,000 for illegal immigrants, and 0.51 per 100,000 for legal immigrants. Cato Institute:  Criminal Immigrants in Texas: Illegal Immigrant Conviction and Arrest Rates for Homicide, Sexual Assault, Larceny, and Other Crimes. Remind me where youre getting these statistics Steven, and honesty ask yourself if thats the most accurate data available...
Omg , the look on Crowders face at the end is priceless!
He's talking about the Mark of the Beast man. An "xray" machine that "scans" your ID. He wants to do this with "really fast technology ". He's talking about a world without borders. What's the ID that will be so easy to scan? Maybe a chip implanted in your right hand or forehead if it can recognize you so quick. He's talking about quantum AI technology hardwired into a biometric database that will instantaneously recognize you. PLEASE READ REVELATIONS! That is exactly what he's talking about!
Not Gay Jarreeeeed, Hi
Can you please invite Yousef from the Socialism is Evil CMM?

I know he was very insulting, but I'm tired of YT videos trying to say you bullied him.

Would you be interest in that?
His Latino  card has been revoked
6:41 Not gay Gerard is providing that Hawkeye alpha dog security in the back with his watch checks 180 head turn checks and perimeter walks.
Do a rape culture change my mind. this whole "Rape culture" bullshit is so damaging to actual rape crimes.
Just TAX 10% of all the money that gets sent to Mexico and South America.  An that will more then  pay for the wall and might even keep people that are Illegally in the U.S. out.
I think we can all agree that that guy was dumb as hell but can anyone here agree with me that it is just as crazy when some trump supporters believe California allows illegal immigrants to vote and that it was in the millions?
I dont think it applies here, in the YouTube comments, but I want to change your mind. 
Simply put... its too expensive. I know thats a point thats been made before, but if you want to secure the border for the foreseeable future, Im not sure just a wall will fix it. Walls, yes worked in the past for hundreds and thousands of years. But we exist in an age where transport is getting cheaper, and easier. We have small, inexpensive, efficient planes and boats, openly available to anyone, and theres hundreds of Caribbean islands to smuggle drugs through. That aspect of easy transport is only going to make the wall less and less useful as the years go by. In 10-20 years the wall may be... completely and utterly useless. People like to use the wall of Israel as an example for the walls work argument... Israel isnt America. We have 350million citizens and thousands upon thousands of miles of border to secure. So saying it worked there itll work here isnt really valid. Im not saying the wall WONT help stop illegal immigration, because it would, but you have to think. Is the amount its going to help  going to... be enough in the long run to payoff its massive, massive budget needed.
If we can't have a wall on the border  I'd like for all these Hypocrites to take down their fences and their walls !
REMEMBER EVERYONE, this is NOT about RACE, it's about BEHAVIOR.   
We are all humans and MUST follow the law.

IF YOU WANT TO BLAME SOMEONE FOR ILLEGAL ALIENS COMING TO AMERICA.....BLAME THE MEXICAN GOVERNMENT.

They would have you believe that Illegal immigrants only break one law coming to America. But that's far from the truth. Here are just some of the law ILLEGAL Immigrants break to be in the U.S. ILLEGALLY. 

1. Entering without legal permission 
2. Working illegally and getting paid cash, not paying taxes. 
3. Driving without a valid Drivers License 
4. Driving without insurance 
5. Stealing someone's Identity to get a better job. This is a Felony
6. Manufacturing a FAKE identity to get a better job. Another Felony 
7. Receiving any State benefits with FAKE or STOLEN ID. Another Felony 
8. Receiving any Federal benefits with FAKE or STOLEN ID. Another Felony 

NOTE:  The TRUTH about Illegal Aliens committing CRIMES in America.  The NEW study just came out PROVING what we all knew in the first place.  What's THAT?  That ILLEGAL ALIENS COMMITT 2 1/2 MORE CRIMES THAN A U.S. CITIZENS.  

So the NEXT TIME someone tries to spew their lies about ILLEGALS ALIENS and CRIME.   Stats came out February 21, 2018

These are statistic from the NON-CITIZENS FEDERAL CRIMES 

NON-CITIZENS FEDERAL CRIMES STATS:

REMEMBER EVERYONE, this is NOT about RACE, it's about BEHAVIOR.   
We are all humans and MUST follow the law.

IF YOU WANT TO BLAME SOMEONE FOR ILLEGAL ALIENS COMING TO AMERICA.....BLAME THE MEXICAN GOVERNMENT.

So the NEXT TIME someone tries to spew their lies about ILLEGALS ALIENS and CRIME.   Stats came out February 21, 2018

These are statistic from the NON-CITIZENS FEDERAL CRIMES 

NON-CITIZENS FEDERAL CRIMES STATS:

22% of all Murders 
18% of all Fraud
33% of money laundering
29% of drug trafficking
72% of drug possession
Areas where non-citizens account for a much larger share of convictions than their 8.4 percent share of the adult population include:
 42.4 percent of kidnapping convictions; 
 31.5 percent of drug convictions; 
 22.9 percent of money laundering convictions; 
 13.4 percent of administration of justice offenses (e.g. witness tampering, obstruction, and contempt); 
 17.8 percent of economic crimes (e.g. larceny, embezzlement, and fraud); 
 13 percent of other convictions (e.g. bribery, civil rights, environmental, and prison offenses); and 
 12.8 percent of auto thefts.


62% of illegal Aliens house hold have someone on welfare.

SO NOW WE KNOW THE TRUTH.  Not like we didn't know this already.  BUT now we have it in writing from the TOP SOURCE IN CRIME.

They also do the following that hurts the U.S. Illegals have killed hundreds of innocent Americans when they drunk drive. 

Illegals have murdered, raped, robbed, and beaten tens of thousands of innocent Americans. 

Bring in various diseases since Mexico's health care is horrible for the average 

Citizens Driving down wages for American who have been working for years to increase their wages. 

Using schools they didn't pay into the system for i.e., taxes 
Hindering American kids education since most don't speak English. 
Using all the various public services, again, didn't pay taxes to support 
The hundreds of thousands of crimes ILLEGALS have committed. 
The cost of supporting them in prison when caught committing crimes. 
The unwillingness of taking responsibility for their actions, i.e., breaking our laws then trying to give some sort of EXCUSE to justify it. IT"S WRONG. 
It hurts American much more than helps. 
The only people failing the Mexican people are failing Mexican people. 
How about fixing your own country and stop hurting MINE. 

Here is an OPTION TO FIX MEXICO 
The Mexican people need to apply to the U.N. for help. 
They can dispense NATO forces to join with the Mexican Military to WIPE OUT the MEXICAN Cartels. Until Mexico does that, they will not have control of their country. 

Mexico is a beautiful country that is run corruptly. Mexico has the resources, i.e., minerals, land for agricultural, hard working people. Beautiful, warm Beaches, tourism, etc. 

Therefore, all the ingredients are there for a very successful 1st world nation. Now they just need the will to enforce law and order from the top down. Again, until they get that will, Mexico will remain a 3rd World corrupt country. Those are the cold hard facts. 

NOW GET THE WILL AND TAKE BACK YOUR COUNTRY.



Obviously, this is addressed mainly at Mexico and their pathetic treatment of their OWN PEOPLE, but it applies to most of the South American States.  It's amazing to me how these Latin's call us RACIST for wanting our laws enforced.  YET, they treat their OWN PEOPLE like trash.  What a bunch of HYPOCRITES!  Shameful.  Where is their PRIDE in their OWN PEOPLE?  Where is the integrity to follow the law?  Where is the CHARACTER to treat their OWN PEOPLE with respect?
BLAME MEXICO, BLAME MEXICO, BLAME MEXICO, BLAME MEXICO, BLAME MEXICO, BLAME MEXICO, BLAME MEXICO, BLAME MEXICO, BLAME MEXICO, BLAME MEXICO, BLAME MEXICO, BLAME MEXICO, BLAME MEXICO, BLAME MEXICO, 

LET'S NOT FORGET PEOPLE.   The ONLY people separating families are the PARENTS that brought them into this country ILLEGALLY IN THE FIRST PLACE.  

THE PARENTS KNOW DARN WELL THEY ARE BREAKING THE LAW.   
IF THEY REALLY LOVED THEIR CHILDREN, THEY WOULDN'T BRING THEM ON THEIR CRIME SPREE.   BREAKING INTO AMERICA ILLEGALLY IS JUST THE 1ST CRIME, THEY WILL COMMIT SEVERAL OTHERS JUST TO SURVIVE.

AGAIN, NOT ONE PERSON MENTIONS THIS IS MEXICO'S FAULT.  WHY ISN'T THE MEXICAN GOV. TAKING CARE OF THEIR OWN PEOPLE???????   

BLAME MEXICO FOR NOT HELPING THEIR OWN PEOPLE.  MEXICO IS DISGUSTING FOR NOT HELPING THEIR OWN PEOPLE. 

WHERE IS THE OUTRAGE AND EFFORTS TO PRESSURE MEXICO TO HELP THEIR OWN PEOPLE.  

BLAME MEXICO, BLAME MEXICO, BLAME MEXICO, BLAME MEXICO, BLAME MEXICO, BLAME MEXICO, BLAME MEXICO, BLAME MEXICO, BLAME MEXICO, BLAME MEXICO, BLAME MEXICO, BLAME MEXICO, BLAME MEXICO, BLAME MEXICO, BLAME MEXICO, BLAME MEXICO.
Oh brother.  Why let this kid go on and on like that and never mention this is about a nation's sovereignty?  The kid is obviously one of those open borders EUROpass types, talking about how he is "Spanish" from New Mexico since the 1500s!  What a joke.  The Mexicans HATE the Spanish.  It is not about drugs.  Boy o boy.
Sorry but something like this being built even in 2018 with our technological advancements would be the single largest effort of architecture in the history of mankind, it would cost billions, and during it's production Mexicans would swarm the border and vandalization would happen everywhere. Not to mention what it would do to the environment longterm. 

Illegal immigration is wrong and annoying but a wall isn't the way to stop it, they're all able to find work one way or another when they cross the border in the south, you need to pinch/increase regulation of work for american citizens and starve them financially. With that being said theirs so many of them even doing this wouldn't be enough anymore to stop them, you should have done something like that 30-40 years ago.
These people are fucking so stupid it literally makes my head hurt.
That guy!!!??!! Lol!!!
Interesting anecdote: I have a buddy at work, older guy, he's a Mexican citizen, not sure about his US status, but be regularly travels to Mexico and votes in Mexican elections, so he either has a green card or duel citizenship, I talk to him often about politics in Mexico (who better) he says the country is a living hell if you don't play ball with the cartels as a politician you're essentially dead, and no matter who wins the Mexican elections the people lose, because the government assures the people remain poor, Mexico has an elite class and plenty of money and resources. We have to keep the near civil war conditions in Mexico, in Mexico. Mexican citizens understand this, if you're really interested in helping the people of Mexico petition our government to arm the Mexican people, they're ready to fight for their country, the best way to help the Mexican people is to help them help themselves. The situation is complicated but the people are fed up.
Sweden tells women not to go out at night after letting in illegals because they might get raped. Every American was outraged when 9-11 trade towers fell and the statistics!? Wake up America! I'm not hateful and I have compassion for those who need to come to America but I want them to fill out the paperwork and be contributing to our economy.
Borders are necessary, but the wall just makes us look like commies, and it's going to cost the taxpayer a lot more to build that wall, than to have the illegals who cross successfully into our borders living in our country. I'm still of the Milton Friedman mindset, that illegal immigrants help our economy. I live in a border town filled with food trucks and stands operated by illegals who are otherwise entrepreneurs. They offer great food at lower costs, which helps inflation. On the "effectiveness" of a wall, smugglers and drug cartels will be very effective in causing breaches in these walls, and will continue their well-documented bribery of border patrol officers in return for safe passage of the people they smuggle. The drug cartels are notorious for already having infiltrated our municipal governments. We've had many cases of border patrol officers and city police departments here in South Texas that were bribed, or even blackmailed, into letting smugglers through the border. It won't end with Trump's wall. How do we know this? A wall HAS been tried. Bush built a wall during his tenure as POTUS, and that was a major failure. All it did was facilitate a land grab from local farmers in the area.
i thought crowder was an open borders guy?
I find it funny some in the comments are surprised most day to day liberals are just mindless followers and have really no knowledge of debate.
I hate The Latino entitlement mentality in the USA, its embarrassing. How and why do American citizens accept this? I am a Latino Immigrant to Australia and we all applied to come here, no Latino In Australia has a entitlement mentality. In Australia our problems come from the illegal Muslim immigrants and refugees and yes you guessed it, they have the entitlement mentality. build the wall USA!
Well this one was...interesting.
That guy needs to lay off the drugs and read some books.
Wow , 1984 is what he's asking for 
Alright, BRING IN THE MASTERMINDS
2nd dude says, to explain his citizenship, he's descended from 16th century Spanish conquistadors that settled in New Mexico?  Did I hear that right?  That sounds pretty concocted to me.  Check his documents.
You cant just make a X-Ray Border thats not how it works
Trump is a good president, change my mind
It might be a cheaper idea to just build more infrared and motion detector towers on the boarder. And use unmanned drones to monitor the boarder for movement and heat signatures. It wouldnt stop illegals from crossing, but it would allow boarder control a way to respond.
This guy is such a fucking moron
What a kook
Build the Wall...Im all for LEGAL IMMIGRATION.  not ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION.  But the Left wants people to think the Republicans and anyone one on the right is against ALL Immigration. Not True.
It would be great if you did a portion on Drug Addiction. I want to know your standpoint on whether it's a choice, or a supposed disorder.
I just see the wall as an odd way to stop immigration
That dude must have been really high. 
Dont do drugs kids
"It will cost too much" is what I hear the most. But the amount of people for the wall would gladly donate extra taxes to it.
sigh....
I am against the wall because The border isn't the main entry point of illegal immigration. We build this wall and it will also be too much money. The US is already in debt! So we will be in debt and the illegal immigrants will be coming in through air and sea. Further more, illegal immigrants consist of more than just Mexicans, there are illegal immigrants from countries around the world. Why are we concentrating on just the Mexicans?
Most illegal immigrants are just coming for work. We should just more offer temporary work visas so they arent here illegally and then they can return to Mexico when out of work/finished with the job for the year.
That guy is never going to be the governor of New Mexico.
Yup just give illegals more shit.
best argument yet... i wish someone would have told him to stop.
New Mexico is a "Sanctuary City"
Leroy definitely has Amerindian in him, most likely Mexican.
The Spanish guy was hilarious 
I'm glad you didn't really engaged the last guy.  There is no saving that guy...
The guy has an undeveloped idea. It does make sense but it needs more research. I think that we should have a boarder and maybe we could have something like he said with an X-ray type thing but only at select points on the boarder that we already have and they are given whatever documents the need to be considered a citizen and then they could cross and I really havent thought too much about thins but if they were to commit a serious crime then they either need to pay for it or go to court like normal but if they are guilty or cant pay then maybe then they would get deported and then if they try to come back again the have a permanent mark and at a certain number of marks they would not be allowed in the country. And maybe the mark has a certain lifetime aswell so that the person would never be not able to live in the us peacefully. Again this is an undeveloped idea but I just want to put it out there
I think he was referring to some sort of motion detector. Idea was highly flawed either way. ''Scientifical'' LMAO.
Those thunder thighs kept me distracted  the whole video
Could you do a Don't Impeach Trump | Change My Mind?
I think the real question is why are illegals getting support from the U.S.? If they didn't receive any form of support than you would see less illegals coming across the border and save the taxpayers money, right?
Statistics at 6:30 are wrong. Best studies Ive seen are from the Cato institute. Article title: Criminal Immigrants in Texas: Illegal Immigrant Conviction and Arrest Rates for Homicide, Sexual Assault, Larceny, and Other Crimes. 
Wtf!!! The sad thing is that this guy probably has followers. He's fucking shot.
Facts Trump Opinions
X-ray wall with electronically tagged humans..... sounds like the perfect solution so everyone can be free!
Build the wall with your ass.....so is that body shaming or are they talking about shitting a brick
He did not say Mexicans are criminals, he said Mexico is allowing their criminals to go. Totally different.
never mind the wall they need sniper towns. the country going to fall like Greece. they can get over a wall. but you can't out run a sniper. mexico needs to stop being a shit hole and fix it self. why not flood Guatemala or Belize.
At least he's trying to come up with scenarios to help lol.
LOL the intro, your reaction is so funny
I love change my mind more more more
All thats required to be an Anti-Trump 
Supporter is to 
Have an IQ of a fucking mosquito
Please do one on white privilege
Didnt liked this video,  it would had been more interesting to do "Im against the Wall  | Change My Mind"
My response Steven to why im against the wall is the video The Wall from John Oliver Last Week Tonight, please watch
Keep uploading this videos, i really like them.
Not on 100% on topic but Can we first talk about why people are immigrating illegally? Now im not saying everyone who illegally enters America has good intent obviously there are bad apples in the group. But Theres a reason why people come to the US illegally and risk being jailed and deported. . Its because those countries have one of the highest crime rates in the world. In 2016 Latin America had 41 cities in the top 50 of the most dangerous cities in the world. 

According to the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime, Honduras, home to about 8.25 million people, has by far the highest homicide rate of all countries in the world. Its unparalleled average rate of 90.4 murders per 100,000 people means that in this country, almost every 1,000th person is killed. Thats insane.

With the corrupt government/ police force to the drug cartels of Mexico, to the worlds most dangerous gang, MS-13, to extreme poverty,  its obvious Latin America needs help. Put it this way to those against illegal immigrants and to just give a different perspective to yall. Just maybe if their home wasnt so horrible to live in, people wouldnt need to escape and seek a better life in the US. Maybe that would really bring the illegal immigration rate down from latin America.
There has never been a civilization that survived massive welfare and open borders.  Once you lose your border, you lose your country.
I'm pretty sure she said 'lending' not 'laundering'. I think she did start to say 'laundering' but corrected herself multiple times. I wish you did a better job of protecting her identity. 
The Left is now being brainwashed into accepting RFID. 
The gay guy in the blue and red cap just standing there...
Here's an idea, build the wall, but in the mean time get surveillance cameras, all pointing at the border, from California, fo Florida, and have a channel that streams live feeds from those locations, so people that don't want a wall may have a second thought.
Guy at 6:20 asks "What percentage of illegal immigrants commit crimes?" Answer: ALL of them... as being here "illegally" IS technically a crime...
Some people are so dumb.
Let's all just stop and take a moment of silence for the brain cells we all lost listening to that guy.
Good God these people can vote?? What should change is people need to be able to pass a small test proving they understand some of these topics to be able to vote lol
A tracker like for dogs. Is this guy arguing with Crowder this dumb?
Ooof this is crimgby
The first guy is fun 
Conservative: Build the wall 

Liberal: Dont build the Wall

Leeroy:  X-Ray Wall
That guy wanted a world wide big brother with computer chip surveillance and all... what a brilliant 
Earth style mud wall
That Mexican American women is amazing
Why the hell would we spend money on an expensive, useless wall that people will find ways to get around when we could just give incentives for people to come here legally like getting rid of the absurd citizenship testing that most natural born Americans can't pass. A wall is one of the dumbest ideas I've heard from this administration that will just put more of MY money towards dumb shit that won't work.
I get building a wall, I do think making Mexico pay for it is a joke. Im for immigration policy, theres no reason for people to come in illegally especially when they come over to be criminals (not saying all are criminals coming over to be criminals) its stupid. I dont get 
X- ray border ???????
She didn't say money laundering she said lending, they are lending to working illegals and holding their feet to the fire for interest and shit, threatening them and shit.
I know am illegal who got a couple rub and tugs, then had some pimp pressing him to keep up the business or pay the price.
Fucking jokes.
This guy is an idiot. How do these people have a number to scan? X ray border!? !!???? Besides how asinine it is. Let's just say you could or would even want to afford that. How do these people have numbers? X-rays are just that, x-rays. Bones. Period. No "tag" or distinguishable difference between people who come through.  PS he's gotta be on Adderall or something! Dude was spastic! Lol MAGA  STUPID MASSES
Omg this was fucking painful to watch.
ok this one sucked. some lady that wants to deport her neighbors because she thinks they are loan sharks and some junkie that was trying to sound smart? not much mind changing is gonna happen right?
Great video Steven but, I gotta ask. Why u in your boxers haha
Xrays across the entire border, I'm sure that's healthy and not a gigantic lethal public hazard /s
Want a quick solution to slowing down illegal immigration? Repeal the 14th Amendment. That will require expecting parents to prove legal residency or citizenship or the child born is not a citizen. This will stop anchor babies and put us in line with our European and Asian Allies. It will remove a reward for just making it here and popping out babies.

Once that happens, you then put out a limited time amnesty program with a path to citizenship, that would give them a tax ID number and a case worker/probation officer to track them for 3 to 5 years. Any jail worthy offenses will lead to deportation, but if they keep their nose clean and take English classes, then they're given a citizenship test and will be granted citizenship in the end. 

Failure to comply is met with deportation if caught. Next problem to discuss?
Building the wall is stupid though. You can dislike illegal immigration but the wall will be ineffective, expensive, and useless.
Okay I'm definitely unsubscribing from your channel. I agree with 98% of your opinions and I recommended your channel to friends and family because I saw you as a visionary but this is just plain stupid. I'm sorry, I should just keep my mouth shut and move on but you are only doing this for likes and subscriptions. Before you used to respect yourself and you were so admittedly against gays and this new community taking over our country, I was sure to follow you straight through the gates of hell if I had to but you no longer have respect for yourself. I know YouTube is your way of income but I am American, yes of course, I agree with stricter enforcement, put laser beams, machine guns, guard dogs everything to stop ILLEGAL immigration but when you agree with Building the wall then your inner racist comes out. Karma for you is your children. They will see your views of life and that's a win for me.
This was painful to watch.
Should have went to San Antonio.
Fucking idiot. He talks before he thinks. Just stop, border agents dont work in radiology bitch
The young  sesquipedalian unpretentiously wants to usufruct immigrants. Saxicolous citizenry is quickly becoming auspicious. His cynosure contretemps is based on cupidity. I found his circumlocution comparatively gasconading.
Was that guy on drugs?
Leroy essentially created the idea of a legal immigration system. Why hasnt anyone else come up with this yet?
A fine example of how drugs can help write sci-fi movie scripts. 

This is why we need an application to breed
I like and follow your channel Crowder, but this is a point of view that I cannot support. Still pretty interesting video
Mark of the beast with some GPS tracking.. perfect you go first buddy
lol the first guy hasn't thought this thru
Mariage is for couples formed with a man and a woman only, change my mind
That lady has some mental disability. Sad you prey on her for content
This is why I hate being Latino, stupid ass white people always gotta assume we're oppressed and shit seriously fuck liberals 
I liked the ending of the video very "the office" like. (Steve looking in to the camera)
without a wall won't they just walk around the scanner? why would you go through it if there is no wall? especially if you have a duffel bag full of heroin are you going to go through the scanner or walk around because there's no wall!
Borders are redrawn and that "Spanish" man stops being Mestizo...that foo definitely has some indigenous DNA.
Poor lady. I hope things turn out allright for her.
That guy had absolutely no idea what he is talking about. 
"No WALL! What we need is a GATE with x-ray that identifies people." "How would you get them to go through the gate?" "Well, you'd make them go through it".... "Like,  with a wall?"  Some people...... are SO stupid - they link "Wall" to "Bad" and don't think about WHY it's needed.
The second guy gave me a brain tumor
That Mexican guy was on meth big time!
This ass in the white shirt is all over place like a car thats lost its tire.
That kid is an absolute idiot
I want a wall up on the northern border, to stop all the American "refugees" from coming into Canada ILLEGALLY.
Bahahahaha!  X-rays!  Bahahahhahhah
It would be cheaper and more effective to build the wall and increase border security than do what the 2nd guy proposed.
Ye,can we have a re-do on this? This was not constructive at all. I understand that nobody sat down. But we need people with real arguments. haha.
u shouldn't have  posted this video crowder,you put that women's life in danger.i can see her body shape,voice and the location of this video.If i knew her i could easily recognize her
Homeboy is against a wall but is for microchipping people and making them have a written note on top? Wow!
ITS SO WWWWWWOWWWWYYYYYYY IN NK
That electronic keep pass will also be know as the mark of the beast and as a Christian i will not be doing that. It will start as a id pass but the later a bar code tattooed on us and thats how everything will be use is through that bar code
x ray scanner and some lasers would be cool.. oh and some bubble machines would be nice 
I dont have this planned out yet I would need to talk to a few people
So instead of building a wall, he'd rather build a few thousand miles of xray scanners with dropboxes for handwritten explanations of why they're crossing... That's the most ridiculous, unefficient, money sucking policy ever proposed... Democrats will love it
No borders, no walls, but have unconsented radiation to track when undocumented migrants entering. Ok.
Governor of New Mexico?  He's got my vote! But, instead of giant x-rays... what if we make mexicans wear those dog shock collars that sends a powerful voltages of current to anyone who attempts to cross the radiowave field?  I'm not sure how it will work exactly, but I'm sure we can talk to some really smart computer programmer guys and they will figure it all out.
Why was it so short?
We are just trying to have a reasonable discussion
Someone cite the statistics that say illegal immigrants commit 37% of homicides. 

Cause Im calling bullshit...
Love these videos!!! Keep the Change my mind vids coming pls
I re-watched the woman at the beginning speaking 3 times and I am still not quite sure what the hell she is talking about
According to that guy, we're going to have to invade all of South America and Mexico at the taxpayer's expense and radio tag every single individual so we can find out which one of them "might" enter the US. He is a prime example of why the left is so stupid that my head hurts.
Taxation is theft. Why fucking pay taxes.
Loved that look in Crowders face at the end
Ah....so this is how they sell the "Mark of the Beast" to the world.  Never take the mark!  Do not trust anyone promoting such a thing, NO MATTER WHO THEY ARE!
I was really looking forward to seeing some conversations on this topic. Then this happened.
Haha, an XRAY checkpoint.... but no boarders?  This is the nonsense that is created by the virtue signaling left. They have ZERO actual solutions to the problem, but tons of "new-age ideas".
Hey can someone tell me how effective this wall will be? Its sounds about as effective the maginot line during ww2
"Borders-uh are-uh a thing-uh of the past-uh..." fuck that's annoying and a stupid statement
This dude talkin about some kinda orbital vsat.
LMAO!!

I waa waiting with everyone else to see what he would say at the end of the conversation with that guy and he just gives the camera that look!! 

I freakin love this show.
Steven is a fucking champ for politely listening to that second guy.  Yikes.
There is this machine. It's called the US Army. Why build something that won't work. They tunnel or create delightful way's of entering the US un-noticed. That makes it easier for anyone else that wants to cross over. Maybe with the means to detonate an explosive device or chem weapon. Our Army would serve as serious deterrent. With the mission of protecting the border. It's not that hard to enter legally unless you've something to hide.
"We don't need borders, we only need a place where people enter the country and get checked." Um, like a border....
Hopefully he was nervous
Wow, Im Mexican and Im a little embarrassed by this.

These two have to be the dumbest pair of people ever featured on Crowders channel...
Too short!
Why build a wall? Instead it should be a network of surveillance equipment it would cost less and be more effective.
Man-ah we just need-ah x-ray borders-ah!!!! Wow, Just Wow!! That look at the end that you gave was priceless! You just met the future Governor of New Mexico! 
This guy literally UNWITTINGLY shilling for total human enslavement, complete with full on police state scanners and id chips.  How did we get here?
That dude was dumb as fuck. And he sounded coked up or something. Just random shitty ideas with all sorts of intensity behind it. 
I wish you woulda broke his heart and just got up and said i cant even, drop mic and walk away. 
But his ignorant ass would be overhelmed with emotion and wanna fight probably.
For me this is case closed its illegal its literally a crime so you know its enforcing the law
Make all property private. Then everyone polices his own borders and decides whom to allow and whom to deny. Very simple. Immigration reform will do nothing.
I saw an ad for CRTV on this video, maybe youtube isnt so bad
This sucked
Steven made a huge mistake. Illegal immigrants do not commit 35% of all homicides in the country. In fact they commit a disproportionately less amount of crimes. This can be confirmed by the official ICE and us customs and border protection website. 

 www.cbp.gov/newsroom/stats/cbp-enforcement-statistics/criminal-alien-statistics
How are you going to debate a person with a mental illness Crowder
He wants a "x-ray gate" with no wall. I always thought gates and walls went together but there ya go. The guy is a globalist all the way. He wants to know who you are and when youre where.
Actually 100% of illegal immigrants commit crimes as they are here illegally.
This young Hispanic guy is A MORON.  He's a perfect example of how you CAN'T FIX STUPID.
The bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki is justifiable, change my mind.
This is very scary to see the future intellect of people running for office.
...then skate that shit! Change my mind. GO!
Leroy is on a sick one!! X-RAY borders???...
These people's arguments are so weak...
"Don't put up the wall, because that communicates distrust."   Or... "There's no reason for it."
So, if we put up the wall to keep people more honest, why is this a problem?   Frankly, I'm getting sick of my taxes going up every year and my healthcare wait get longer and longer every year because of these people that abuse both... and aren't even people whom are supposed to be here.   I say build the damned thing and see if that shit changes.   Sick of this shit.   Just do it already.
one more point everyone i hear says let the doca kids stay it wasnt their fault. I say let their parents stay send the doca kids back. The doca kids are the sjws that are demanding free stuff and destroying this country their parents came to work hard and have a better life were keeping the wrong people
Mexico has a barbed wire metal fence with sniper towers on their southern borders, why can't we? Oh because we would be racist that's why...
Condensending
73% of illegals sell drugs, that's the stat on drug crime from illegals.
God I seriously hope this guy never makes it into any political position....that will only make New Mexico fall behind in the US even more....
The Mexicans interviewed seemed kinda low intelligence. Surely you must have dismissed all the high IQ Mexicans that wanted to debate you.
That guy wants to be governor of New Mexico? He couldnt make a complete thought.
Yeaaa... Im a Texas Conservative. Kinda jumped from the republican train to the libertarian train. 
And fuck the wall buddy.
I wasn't pro wall until this episode.
Let's implant Presto cards into our brains, that'll help lmfao
I think that it should be easier to immigrate legally here, same amount of background checks just faster... if thats pissible
a lot of people are angry over the fact that some family's or people that they know,were deported due to illegal immigration.instead of getting angry,if a better life means so much to you. why is it so hardfor oneto properly earn a citizenship the right way? it takes effortand paperwork.i don't think that's asking to much. Steven talked about this before in a previous video that if we crossed over the Mexican boarder illegally, it wouldn't bea slap on the wrist and sent home. it would in fact mean imprisonment along with other bullshit. people need to stop being lazy
Well they did elect Gary Johnson...
Your face at the very end said it all. 
Marvel is better than DC in every aspect - change my mind
Not Gay Jared looks so lonely! lol
We have always had a wall..... The only difference is Trump wants to make a bigger and better wall then the old worn down ones we have,...... The funny thing is when Obama was president Bush and Clinton nobody ever complained about a wall and we had one then,..... The cold hard truth is they just dont like trump because under Obama we had a wall they never said anything..... The problem is all of these presidents before Trump never really enforce the law,.... now you have a president enforcing the law and people have gotten by with it for so many decades it doesnt register in their brain that theyre breaking the law..... its pretty simple!!!!!..... just obey our laws and we wont have a problem.
That ending was perfect
wow, pathetic, just make a video around someone who is uneducated
Dude: "I don't believe in borders instead I want a even more orwellian situation where the border is guarded by thousands of miles of xray telescreens and maybe also robots."
Ha that dude didnt want a wall, he wanted an X-RAY wall
what a good citizen the first lady was. if they were making the community worse then get them out. I hope she stays safe
Mexican "Intellectuals"
No borders in 5-10 years bullshit
That's right, lowjack every human being on the planet so there world's governments know where every being is. That's not over stepping government reach by any measure and surely couldn't go wrong in any way
Tell us where you are filming.
Wow this guy hit a all new level of dumb
Omfg this is gold.
What is your opinion on tearing families apart at the border. I havent heard the whole story so maybe someone can fill me in
Featuring the future mayor of New Mexico!
that guy stupid AF lol
Has anyone ever changed his mind?
How does illegal immigrants threaten your life ? Lmao yall greedy af, just say that and it would be less of an issue...
Fuck Illegals. Fuck DACA. Fuck sanctuary cities too
They always say it won't work, they'll find a way and we already have a fence. SMH
The first time I heard about the wall, I thought it was crazy. And then I really thought about it, and I was like "this man is a genius". A wall, a real wall. Hey rid of the chain link fence that does not stop 3rd graders and bring in the great Wall of America. If they want on they have to work for it
if Leeroy becomes Governor.... that place is going to hell even more than it already is. Guy's totally incoherant for "having spent alot of time thinking about this"....
Though the RFID stamping people bit has been a long imagined measure of social control. usually in dystopian scify but a few politicians HAVE tried to bring it to congress and the senate in the last 30 years.
Crowder: What are your ideas instead of a wall?

Spanish guy: Bro... ever seen Star Wars? Or Seven Sisters? Maybe even Equilibrium? Those had good ideas!

Thats pretty much what I got from it.
Throughout human history there's always been war. Every war is fought over wealth, resources, and power. Although we still have traditional warfare, war has evolved. Immigration is now being used as a weapon of that war, in both the US and in Europe. People like Soros have weaponized immigration to take away the freedoms of the west. It's unfortunate to say, but there's a reason most people come here illegally. They have little to no education, and little to no job skills, they can't prosper in their home countries, and so they come to America hoping things will be different. They're not. When you have no ability to prosper you're more likely to vote for politicians who will give you government subsidies. We all know which party that is. It's the same party that wants higher taxes, restrictions on freedom of speech, and to abolish the Second Amendment. 

In 1986 Reagan signed an amnesty bill that turned Ca from a red state into a blue state. It's been that way since. Ca has the entertainment, agricultural, tech, and shipping industries. Ca also has the highest taxes, lowest quality of living, the most laws/restrictions, and is $1.3 trillion in debt. People are fleeing because it looks like there's no possibility of changing things. That's what the oligarchs want for the entire country. They want to turn the United States from a 2 party system into a 1 party system... essentially a dictatorship. Once they do that they will have total power. They'll start changing laws, restricting freedoms, imposing higher taxes, and there will be no way to fight what they're doing. America and Americans are what keeps the world balanced. We fight for those who are oppressed. If we become the oppressed then the oligarchs will be free to go after the rest of the world.

And while I feel for people who are coming here to try to make a better life for themselves, I think there are better ways of doing things. We won't be able to help anyone if we destroy the United States trying.
nice fanny pack "not gay" jared
That guy doesnt have a single clue what hes talking about.. and X-ray scanner ya lets give the govt the power to chip us. Governor of New Mexico ? If you only had a brain n a wall is not feasible but neither is chipping humans
His face at the end had me dying 
This Latina wants the wall!!!
De wall is ressus .... No se nada ... Yo no sirve para nada ...
the wall is so stupid i predict the wall is going to be used against us. Mexicans already have all the numbers they need to out birth us and take control. then theyre are going to destroy America and mexico is going to use our own wall against us to keep mexicans from returning home we needed the wall 30 years ago its to late now
Instead of running across the border and trying to force ANOTHER country to change its laws, why not just protest YOUR OWN country to change YOUR laws, since you're already there? We all know the answer to that. America is actually being way too nice about illegal immigration, to be honest.
Can you do a climate change one of these?
So that guy doesn't believe in border control, but he still wants to have some sort of border control with X-rays to make sure we know who is coming in? What? Isn't that pretty much a very high tech border wall? Isn't he against the idea of building a wall to make sure we know who is coming in?
Do this guy wants everyone to have the mark of the beast
This guy had family in new Mexico since the 1500s. ..   heh.
"Scientifical": Word of The Year - 2018
That dude sounds high as shit. Forget the crazy wall, let's tag people like cattle and scan them with microwaves!!
Yep just x-ray the hole lot of them. Give 'em some proper radiation sickness right in the 0.01 nm so it nuks their DNA to shit LMAO. Tags are probably impossible to impliment but not a bad idea
What surprised me is how extremely dumb that guy is, like him saying he isn't Mexican  and then contradicting himself by saying his family had been in Mexico since the mid  1500's
RFID chip? Getting some end times signs from him.
lmao dude sounded like a retarded preacher on crackuh
The $ cost of a wall would be the same as 3 new Aircraft Carriers as of last estimate. Which do we need more?
the retarded brown guy with the white shirt and backpack rambling on about no wall no borders, is exactly what is wrong with the system, this spic is and wants a freeloading lifestyle, he's a fuckup who's mother should have shat him into a bucket of water rather than given birth, sorry,... but true.
That guy with the taxem and 1984 shit was super weird. The first lady and how scared she is was so sad.
If we tax them higher than other citizens, why even come to the US for a better life if you have to be branded with a number LOL? With his logic we would have to tag them in Mexico HAHAHAHA
Why is securing a border controversial all of a sudden?
A wall is a waste of money.
Just build the wall already!
Too expensive honestly, make it less appealing to cross over: bigger punishment. Or promote more legal crossover.
I think it's awesome when you change up the scene a bit. Get tired of hearing college students regurgitate the bull their fed in the social whatever classes.
Meh
10:00 this sounds way worse than a wall wtf.
That guy is either really high or really stupid
Bruh. Second dude was just terrible. He was straight up on the drugs he was talking about. Crazy incoherent lol
We dont need a wall Change my mind  Im not trying to sound stupid but help me understand
I find it funny cause down here in South Texas the border patrol are all Hispanics and Latinos. And they are proud of their job and do not hesitate to deport illegals.
We need to put that dude on the other side of the wall. Special kind of stupid, that one.
So this guy who wants to be governor of New Mexico thinks his state is a sanctuary city?! Holy Crap?! Are we really getting as dumb as this kid in our society?!
Instead of a wall what you Americans need is a giant ditch filled with landmines and then a 100 mile "kill zone" behind that where shooting illegals is legal and encouraged.  This is much more cost efficient and excellent sport.
Shiiiiit his lovely gray hairs FUC - I mean MAKE LOVE TO ME DADDY
The children should help build the wall
The second guest is a fuckin retard.  Who the F would actually watch this dudes show?
It is quite amusing reading the comment section with most everyone thinking the guy was on drugs..... i hate to break it to you but this level of intelligence is to be expected of the average middle to low income liberal
A lot of this seemed like wild ramblings from uninformed people, not a whole lot of constructive conversation.
WTF is wrong with a wall and locked doors?   It is the only sensible solution to tool up border security.
im so glad that guy is not in charge of anything
Lets sum up the second guy's argument... Let's just turn the border into an airport customs checkpoint!
The first lady who sat down, was interesting to listen to and raised valid points of concern. The guy who came after her, clearly had an I.Q inversely proportional to the number of words he used.
who are the mastermind thinktank friends...?
More than half illegal immigration involves air travel..... done
This guy is complaining that a wall would be too expensive, how expensive would it be for that x-ray thing
This guy actually is smarter then the governor of NM and the ones running for governor.
I have possibly a just as controversial policy in mind rather than building a wall. I think we should get rid of any incentive for illegal immigrants to want to be in the country. This is not to say make it so immigrating to the United States is unfavourable. What I mean is crack down hard on any incentive illegal immigrants could live here without going through the process legally. From my understanding, many illegal immigrants stay in the country because they are able to still make a living, and/or live off the government which leads to little reason to go through the long process of becoming a legal citizen and paying taxes. If we were to crack down on their source of cash in the United States, then they would have no reason to stay in the country illegally. Now, to help push such a policy through, knowing that the left would despise such a policy, we would take a percentage of the money that were to be allocated to the wall, and put it into streamlining the process to legally enter the United States. Of course this would not mean skimping out on the regular process, but hiring more people and/or restructuring some areas could help the process move faster, thus allowing more legal immigrants into the country. Doing this would decrease the amount of illegal immigrants, could potentially convience the left of immigration reform, and would bring more tax dollars into the States while spending less of the tax dollars on illegal immigrants living off the country.
I may be wrong in some/all areas, my knowledge on all these situations and statistics are limited, but to me this seems like a more logical approach to the illegal immigration problem. What's at least a bit interesting about this proposed policy of mine is that I wrote about this as the moral approach to immigration in my philosophy class, at a very liberal college, and I ended up getting an A. That surprised me.
2nd guy sounded like he was on something
Did I just get an ad of your video, on your own video? That's extremely useless.
I have a fence for a reason.. Build the wall!!
Calum Von Change My Mind
That UPS truck beeping in the background.
These guys were retarded
Hey Steven you should talk about the elephant trophy that trump is thinking of making it legal, maybe its already legal or maybe not im not really sure
I love how Steven was slowly leading him to contradict his own idea.
We need a scientifical x-ray stargate at the the border
This moron wants to be a governor...of a city?.. fucking retard
Steven, you didn't even provide links to your new buddies channel?? 
I can feel my brain cells dying 
Yea put chips in them lmaoooo
God help New Mexico if that guy becomes the Governor......
Second guys lost me as soon as he say:Yeah you know how like... 
Someone who talks like that, is illiterate and has no philosophical knowledge for me to listen to them. 
I just fast forwarded him. 
He probably barely reads. 
You can tell just by the way he constructs sentences.
Haha the last super speaker "I'm Spanish" is the reason you guys need to build a wall. If nothing else but to protect the gene pull. He's been thinking about it for the past three years and this is the best he can come up with. He will breed and drag your intelectual pool further down into the mud.
You censored the lady's face, but you forgot to censor her nametags. Although I couldn't see it clearly. However, an intrepid observer could see it.
trumps way behind, a wall? how about an xray field,  zap'em n tax'em baby
Build the wall! Trump 2020
I agree with your views on a lot of your videos, Steven Crowder, but your view on this one, and the way you handled the interviews in this video, has me think youre just a super Republican. Like a, What ever the Republicans say Im all for it kind of guy.
Thats almost like tattooing serial numbers onto jews
Hey Steven, you may want to blur out the first lady's name badge too.
The rapid advance of technology is only going to increase the need for a physical border. Also, does it need to be said that RFID chips for humans is an incredibly bad idea? Damn, that guys got a screw loose.
That's our future...  Cheech  for governor
Lol an X-ray border
This guy's stupidity hurts.
IQ test at the border door.
the second guy used up all your time, seemed like a useless idiot
Instead of doing issues I would like it if you started doing people. For example Jordan Peterson is right change my mind.
This guy lives in la la Land!
can we make people take an IQ test before they vote?...it's getting ridiculous
Give Leroy a break everyone. Building a wall is just as silly an idea as a carcinogenic x-ray boarder.
And to add, I forgot to say.
not all illegal immigrants are mexican. anyone from any other country is a potential illegal immigrant. And a number of them are probably poor and can't afford the citizenship test and need to work in order to afford it. but can't make enough in their own country, or threats are too great to wait any longer. or, they fly in with a passport(fake or real) and just don't leave. And because everyone is looking for mexicans, they remain unnoticed.
Im so embarrassed for the second person who sat down
OMG that guy is a RETARD LOW IQ
I'm pro security and deportation, but I've never seen the numbers for the wall add up (I think that's a large part why people make jokes about it, even Republicans).
Pharmascutaculs
So "we can taxe them", means we " we can steal from them". They have multiple fake ssn. Why have borders if no one is going to respect them???  so what your saying is "invade Mexico and Make one country"?
ALL illegal aliens are criminals. Every last one BROKE THE LAW just to be here. It really is that damned simple.
Leftist won't sit down with you because THEY HAVE NO ARGUMENT!
I'm convinced that we need to build the wall!
And what about the wall in Israel? Yea, yea fuck you all, bunch of hypocrites.
Taxation is theft.
So let me get this straight!!!!... when they come here just tax  them and make them pass the test or criteria and make money off them?........ hey stupid thats called slavery!!!!!.... and you wonder why Trump is president?..... also he said that within the next 5 to 10 years there will be no borders........ sorry I just spit my bud light across the living room floor.
Lmao I dont think I wouldve uploaded this one.
I feel like I might have lost brain cells listening to that last guy..
we need border control but I don't feel the wall is the best way to do it people could probably find ways around it
that second guy was asking for a scanning wall basically which would be a form of wall/border control.
it seems there's no storage of moral relativism. it's  definitely running rampant.
So wait the guy who sits down at 5 mintues wants no borders but claims we will keep track of people via electronic id. Well with no border where would we check this. Either we have a check point where you can enter so said Id can be checked......so a fucking border or the Id tracks you at all times in which case welcome to Big Brother.
You should really only do these on some type of educational location.
Please nobody let that guy be governor of anywhere
The wall really is a dumb idea and waste of money. It'll just get torn down once Trump is out of office.
We just need to enforce the immigration laws they're already in place.
This guy is like that one guy everybody knows that comes up with million dollar ideas but still doesnt have a job.
X-ray wall, jeez why didnt I think of that.. damn. Guess I should just throw out the space based solid state laser projector I built, piece of junk. That was my meal ticket, the governor just put me out of business.
For me to execute this I would have to get a few masterminded individuals
Only let in the people willing to contribute to the society, doesn't want to enforce border security.
5:44 Sweet baby Jesus, I can't even with these people.... The short answer is that the wall is immoral because it uses extorted tax dollars as funding. Also it will most likely be brought to fruition through the use of eminent domain which is also immoral. I saw you Bob and weave Kokesh actin all offended when he caught you in your logical inconsistency. Love your show though keep on keepin on but follow your philosophies to there logical conclusion.
X-Ray border. Ah fuck 
How come I only get notified after i watch the video?
I was born and raised in New Mexico about an hour from Santa Fe, and that guy is an embarrassment and an ignorant loser.
Anyone who is against a border wall should be prohibited from having doors, or security systems on their homes.
Should do a part two this segment sucked. Nobody really even had an answer. Plus it was too short.
These are gold. Keep them coming.
Watch Adam Ruins the Borderwall by Adam Conover who explains how the Borderwall would make immigration worse of an issues.
The way that guy talks with putting an "uh" at the end of every thing he's says... Really irritated me
The guy that got interviewed went full retard.
No benefits to any undocumented immigrants.  That is the only way to stop this mess.
I would think the statistics for illegal immigrants committing crimes would be 100% lol. Thats why they call them ILLEGAL immigrants.
wow
The future Governor of New Mexico? Is this fucken moron serious? This jackass basically just suggested chipping people like animals, and tracking their movements for a more "free and open" society. I fucken knew liberals were Orwellian Fascist in disguise. Damn, that guy was a fucken idiot...
Wow that last guy... he... he was nice... not very bright but nice.
 First of all you don't use xrays to scan any sort of implanted chip unless you want to fry the shit out of it, you're way too high on the electromagnetic spectrum. You're looking for radio waves, specifically RFID, something I thought EVERYONE knew about.
Honestly who the hell would listen to that guy talk?
Removing all borders would remove all government. Can't have social benefits without borders.
My Opinions Will Trigger You | Change My Mind
As a Hispanic-American, Im embarrassed by how this guy is expressing himself. Hes ridiculously inarticulate.
Making us New Mexicans Proud .... #sarcasmincaseyoureanidiot #futurenewmexicangovernermyass
You happen to post this today? TODAY? what a way to get clicks, right?
that was it?? most of your change my minds are like an hour long
10:00 man that guy is an idiot lol
I have to say I am against the illegals in our country I mean, if u come here normally its because you have nothing to hide you are looking for a better life and is willing to express that life freely without trying to hide it, I mean u can become a citizen here as well but those who come as illegals there are many who are committing wrong. Now the wall yes would prevent illegals from coming but that's only on foot or by car there's still boats and planes. Let's just think out of our whole country 37% of crimes are by illegals.. Out of those illegals its mainly the cartels and gang related community. Those gangs have a shyt ton of money so they can buy thier way in... Or just fly or a boat they got the money. The wall would only stop those fleeing from their country to find safety. Put urself in their shoes. This wall won't bring down that 37% percent because that is controlled by powerful gangs who can easily find another way in. We would only build a wall to waste money and stop those who actually need help and safety from coming in. I mean even if the wall could bring that percentage down by a lot who is going to pay for it? !!!!NOBODY!!!!
I'm a legal immigrant and taxing illegals who come is one thing but what abut the illegals who kill or commit crime.  I'm sorry bit that I guy against the wall is retarded.
Build the wall!
X-ray border 
That dude may not be high, but he definitely has partaken in lots of them.
Trump should Impeach!
I dont think that guy knows how X-rays work. 

I think he was more or less describing a GPS tracking system, but I dont think many would be very happy about their privacy being invaded.
Crowder is proof that a legal immigrant can be a great American
Love Stevens Walther t-shirt.
I get my notifications anywhere from 10 to 20 minutes after I've watched your vid..
A X-ray machine/Metal Detector Just one at a Courthouse Costs like $15k Imagine what that would cost to cover the Entire Border. Yeah I like the Wall better.
Wish I could half like this. It just wasn't long enough.
this guy sounds like hes been dumbed down by happy meals all his childhood
without illegal immigration our economy would collapse large corporations dont have the money to pay minimum wage to all undocumented people and if you deport them all no one will want to do their jobs
HOLY!!!! Dude had an IQ of 72 there didnt he...ffs
As stupid as the guys solutions was, hes the only guy Ive seen in this change my mind series that talks about solutions to the topic rather than get offended and insult Steven.
That second guy just didn't want to say he agreed.
My family has been in America for over 500 years, yet I still have an incredibly strong accent.

Change my mind.
And that's why I moved from New Mexico to Texas...
#buildthexraywall
The second person is stupid. He had an idea that makes sense sure but then why have boarders or legal immigration.
"Im not mexican my family has been here since the 1500's...just ignore my thick foreign accent."
LEROY 2020
the ending was me the whole time the spanish guy was talking
My dog has a chip. He pays no taxes....
Death from above shirt baby
That guy is NOT Spanish lol
What surprises me is that lady is now dead thanks to you. I can read her name on her fucking dogtag rofl...
Wow, that 2nd guy is literally calling for the One World Order.
Wow does that last dude work for Nasa?? cause he is a true space cadet...lol Why is it that when when the younger generation try to think of solutions for tough problems they go full retard??
Tax the illegal inmigrants?! Whatkdbfb???!!! 
next time I get pulled over by the police I will state ' i cant answer you that, I would need to find some mastermind individuals and sit down with them'
At 10:12 Steven is looking at the guy like can I please just go home 
That guy is watching too many movies.... smh
im a mastermind individual
This guy watched too much Sci-fi movies.
With respect to your second guest: the problem is dumb people dont know that they are dumb.
Honestly this is kinda sad, it's crazy how little people really now about this topic
Steve...we need a pt 2 with someone with half a brain cell....
BUILD THE WALL
BUILD IT TALL
#MAGA
OMFG !! This guy is so unintelligent that listening to him has given me ear cancer.
5:06 "Im not mexican im spanish, my family been in Mexico seen the fifteen fifties".. Thats the dumbest thing ive heard. EVERY MEXICAN FAMILY HAS A SPANISH ANCESTOR FROM THE FIFTEEN FIFTIES. Thats like an american claiming hes english because his family came from england to the US in the fifteen fifties. Really stupid from him to claim that, You are an american, who has mexican ancestors and tradition, thats the truth
x ray gate?
For her safety you should have blurred out her whole body and changed her voice. Especially if she was from that area.
Bro, Im not even mad at this dude. He was off the wall. Im dying. LMAO
Steven Crowder... You were treading lightly.
That bitch gone wind up dead
I would like to apologize on behalf of Hispanics for this guy and his "genius" ideas. he doesn't represent us
short shorts
Every time I see one of these I think it can't get any better. Wrong everytime... Keep up the good fight. You guy's rule.
You changed my entire political views with your channel
This may be one time I could sit down with you and actually have a stance different from yours. I want tighter restriction on immigration in this country, but I feel the wall is a finacial sinkhole, and it would be better to just buy Mexico and make it a providence (like Puerto Rico), and use their border wall to South America to keep immigrants at bay while improving Mexico itself. It would be a more worthwhile investment than a border wall. I say this, because the border of the US and Mexico is so big, while the one for Mexico to South America is so small.
Scientifical x-ray border with like uh data points all over the cities and uh lets just make reality uh into minority report featuring Tom Cruiseical and such
esse' is a friggin geenyus meng! He should go back to mexico and work for MASA, the mehican space administration. I hear they are hiring.
Holy shit that last guy was retarded
i feel like that guy was only there to get a free shout out lol
Scientifical 
Scientifical
Holy shit someone plz comment "he has got something goin here. That's a great idea"
I think that a wall is useless a lot of people south of the u.s. border come here to work and they dont collect taxes they just pay into the system which benefit the economy. Drug cartel , wherever they come from, find a way to sneek in drugs and lets be honest its no sneeking when your beloved government is in on it beside in the long run the US will have to ask china for more money when comstruction and maintenance become too much of a burden. Which war will get us out of this shithole next a civil war, Trump is already dividing us
Holy cow that guy was on some drugs
This guy was at least understanding of the problem and gave a solution... viable or not he sided with his side but still tried to come up with a way to make it work so respect.
That dude was high AF
X-ray border..... This is great! "Free flowing X-ray Border" of tax paying immigrants.... hmm
"if" a wall were to be built, it would have to surround the entire country, through the caribbean sea, pacific and atlantic oceans, and over top at canada. the money, resources, and potentially even loss of life dealing with water construction would be too great to he worth the effort. And it would take too long. the next presidents could easily say, "yeah, we know a lot of time and money has been put into this, but we don't agree with it so we're shutting it down." And it would just be a hassle. if we put a wall at the boarder at mexico, they'll still get in via the water. they'll just come over like the cubans in rafts. And if they're really determined, they'll make their way up north, still in rafts n stuff and come in through canada, or the eastern/western shorelines.
I like the last guy, let's micro chip all the Mexicans/Latinos like dogs.
The wall is a good thing, how could anyone be against it?
1. Too expensive.
2. It won't stop shit.
3. https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2018/03/30/upshot/crime-immigration-myth.html
It's too bad we can't just use sensors, remotely manned and automated systems to police the boarder. Walls are so bronze age, ew.
"I support the President" Change my Mind! Pretty Please!
You probably should of blurred the woman at the beginning completely and changed her voice. Just a future safety thing for your guest.
All illegal immigrants are committing a crime. So the crime they commit isn't disproportionate, if you look at the likelihood of a criminal committing another crime.
Did he really just say scientifical?
A wall won't stop anybody.  Ending the drug war might.
I dont want my tax payer money going into paying a stupid wall that wont stop criminals or drug trafficking coming into the country. The only thing an expensive big ass wall; big enough to make it difficult to go above, through, under or around it; is going to do is make stupid ignorant rednecks happy.
The fact it was in Austin and you couldn't find anyone to sit down with was pretty shocking.  It really speaks to people just wanting to cry and rant about Trump but don't have any actual solutions themselves.
Link to the X-ray borders YouTube or website?
Worst one yet! A rare miss.
Dude clearly does not want his mind changed.
Well at least these guys werent super hype like those white liberals at college campuses. Smh.
13:16 Steven's reaction is priceless 
That Spanish dude is a moron.
How do you restrain yourself  so much in not calling them idiots to their faces?
The look at the end. #priceless
The drugsuh
Im not even watching this. Can you do it again in a more well educated community that can put together coherent statements please?
Yeah lets just cattle tag everybody. I get he was just openly thinking and im against the wall but that was a weird one.
Your a fucking mistake walking broskie
That guy had know idea and his border control ideas unrealistic!
I am sooo glad that Trump is finally forcing the left to take a stance. Usually they hide behind. the " But" reply. " No no I am for legal immigration. " But"  Bla bla bla bla and what you saying is just raciest. Then talk for an hour and never get to what they really think.
Trump has a way of making the left show their cards.
These are the same Socialist bunch that was around in the 60's. But like a bunch of dumb arses, we let them get their hooks into the media and the schools. Now they are assembly lining dip shits en mass.
Lol all you guys talking about "Build the Wall""..... Build the Dome
The only problem I potentially see with the wall, is that walls also Keep People In.   The surveillance state is already frightening enough.  With a big beautiful wall, there is no way to flee then from future despots.
This aint futurama bro, youd have to find willing people who want that chip. On a lesser not, I really hope that lady gets protection and is still safe.
Mr. Crowders face at the end was a rather sedate reaction to that shockingly self-contradicting position proferred by Leroy.
....sigh.... That dude with the camera....
omg....embarrassing for new mexico...jesus, can't we catch a break? i promise there are a few smart people in New Mexico....
A Spanish guy that's a bimbo.
In an ideal world there would be no borders but our cultures are so different we have to sadly. Look at japan. Their culture fosters an incredibly low crime rate. I heard they let in ten migrants and two or four of them got arrested. Thats 20-40%
Until all crime rates throughout countries are near zero we need borders. And thats just one reason. We need to be able to keep track of everyone. If youre undocumented, if someone murders you, we have no way to identify your body and get you justice. Its not just for the host countrys sake. Its the immigrants safety as well
So we should tag people like cattle to track them? This is a solution? This is better than a geographical border wall? So I guess he is for making a continuous series of scanning stations in order to prevent circumventing his cockamamy idea. Sounds like a wall to me.
My man never posted his video I can tell you that for sure 
this guy is a real genius.  
People are retarded
Enforce the laws, change them if necessary..and build the wall where it will be effective.
I want communism and open boarders! That will solve all the problems that could ever happen. 

I will tax the rich to achieve this. It will work forever with no flaws ever. 

Ever!
Heheheh xD
You know right
Tax the illegals.... LOL
What, the one's that aren't on welfare?
More and longer change my mind videos please!
Racist ass nigga
What the hell
That guys on too many druggs-suhh.
13:18 he looks so helpless for some reason.  I do like that he's trying be be as impartial as possible, not condescend or strong arm people debating. This and the last CMM he did. Hopefully it would be the same for when he revisits college campuses.
The look on his face after Leroy left was priceless
X-Rays  well that wraps up that problem easy
Doesnt want a border and then proposes a border system. And in typical democrat fashion tax them
If this stupid wall wasn't going to make people rich, and provide jobs for thousands, I'd be completely against this dumb idea. A wall will only deter crime, but it will come over and under eventually.
X-rays are the future.
You cant even imagine, how many terror attack the gaza wall prevents with the border check every day.
I had this same conversation with my dad last sunday on father's day
Every single one was retarded!!
The last dude was from the future, from Cyberpunk 2077.
These " Change my Mind" videos are going downhill fast. Can we find someone with an IQ over 60 to debate?
I was born in Santa Fe and I would like to say not all of us are like this.
So this guys for and x ray wall but not a concrete one....ookkkk
I'm gonna cry y'all  build that big beautiful wall 
The Earth is round: Change my mind
Leroy is an idiot! "Borders are going to be s thing of the past." WTF?? And he wants to tax illegals...how does he expect them to be rounded up to enforce that?  Again...he's a complete idiot, using nonwords such as "scientifical" and "masterminded individuals." SMDH!

A new "holocaust for idiots/liberals" would seriously help our future.
The frightening thing is when the apple ichip gets released the world will think it is great just like this guy, never thinking through its implications.  #beastsytem #nwo
"Get everyone in, all the illegals and give them citizenship right away and tax them." people don't try to get citizenship, you can't tax illegals because you don't know where they are working under the table, and you can't get a ID tag someone that quasars over a wall and not through a border with a passport legally
only 13 minutes?
Is it cheaper to target the demand for illegal immigration or to build a wall? Say those that employ illegal labourer face prison would that reduce demand?
thanks for the quality sustenance
Why does she have a plant in a soda bottle....
Free thought , in order to execute this he would need to
 get some masterminds. xray id  with explanation . Huh?! 


 , the icing on the cake his name is Leroy... 

Does anyone know a smart Leroy?(real question)
I want to do one now the Earth is flat change my mind
There is something seriously wrong with that dude.

Can't beleive someone like that has so much confidence in his stupidity that he's live streaming in public and wants to become mayor, if he ever does run, liberals would probably elect him just like they've elected Mad Maxine Watters, Nancy Polygrip Pelosi and Crying Chuck Schumer.
Look at the back of the dudes neck
Let's let El Chapo set up open meth and heroin markets and have  cartels war on our streets. That way refugees won't have a reason to leave their countries America will be just like the place they left so there will be no insensitive to come here. We can all live in utopian favellas like Brazil it'll be great. Our kids won't have to worry about school shootings they'll be at war on the streets and everyone can get in on it. A true leftist paradise. And just like that poor lady we as good citizens will be afraid in our own neighborhood to tell on these guys. Sounds great?
This man all the way out in left field 
Democraps want to ensure a criminal peasant underclass to maintain their supply of votes, clean toilets, and heroin.
If you build a wall would you not only keep them out but keep yourselves in? Idk lol
Can you still do the brain voice
The Spanish guy is retarded,  wants to be governor but said scientifical
I don't even really support building a wall but God damn I admire your patience and understanding in these segments
Did this man really say he isnt Mexican cause his ancestors from 1550 were spanish but lived in New Mexico which let me remind you, was Mexico for the longest time until manifest destiny. Look buddy youre Mexican. Own up to it, theres sadly a lot of Mexicans who deny being Mexican and say theyre dead ass Spaniard af while looking like a whole beaner  come on now
"I'm Spanish my family has been in Mexico since the 1550's" Bro you are Mexican or Mexican American. That or I am English
this guy is as high as a kite. ALLL ILLEGALS HAVE COMMITTED A CRIME - they are part of the cartel, they steal identities to work, they skip out on ER bills with fake id info, they drive without a valid us driver license, they are known to be loan sharks and shake down legal immigrants in areas like santa ana in cali
you try doing that shit as someone legally here and you get deported, you try doing that as an american and you get your ass thrown in jail. illegals don't get double standards cuz they want to break the law and say F U to every american and legal immigrant

Mexico should do the no border law first since they have a zero illegal policy and mexico should destroy the wall they built to keep these people out.
most illegals aren't mexican. The travel a
this guy is not the brightest.
Need to do another pro gun
Condelingus Rice? Sounds like a Mexican dish. Maybe we should put her on a plane and send her back to Mexico so the Mexicans can eat her!
#BuildTheWall
So make an x-ray wall?
That last guy didnt seem very smart, but he was at least very imaginative
Rip x
That second guy sounds like the burger king foot lettuceuuuh guy
Well mr. New Mexican I will not be voting for you... I was born and raised in Albuquerque New Mexico and you sound extremely typical...
Crowder just do me a favor and stop calling yourself a libertarian... and not because of closed borders.
I wouldn't elect Leroy to be the secretary for a local HOA.
He is clueless.
The second dude was on one for sure!!!
this guy is living in 3018
X-Ray wall.  LOL
The wall is useless. It is genuinely a waste of money and will NOT keep out people who are dedicated to committing crimes. Walls can be used to keep people in just as effectively as keeping people out. We humans are all one manifestations of consciousness expierencing reality from different points of view. Love conquers fear. Walls are a physical manifestation of fear
LOL. Its a free thought thing. Scientifical magnetic scanner X-ray thing, blah, blah, blah. Brain in the blender with diarrhea of the mouth. Leroooy!
I was fully expecting the Ali-A intro to play after that intro
that guy is dumb as....
that last guys solution was sooooo far and stoopid but god i want to have a smoke and drinks with him soooo bad lmao!!
I am mexican and I have nothing against the wall, but Mxico is not paying for it. The Wall is an American solution that didn't involve the Mexican Government, therefore the US is the one paying. If only the US was more open to dialogue instead of abusing its power to force other countries to "cooperate" we would have a better solution for both countries. But I can't imagine Trump doing that, after all The Wall is one of the reasons he won. (Btw, the US is open to dialogue with "shithole countries" only if they have nukes aka North Korea)
Leroy has an IQ of 80 and is high as a kite.
That look at the end
Look at Jared trying to be BA in the background. :) Love you guys. Keep trying to educate.
Build the wall  interviewing retards
huh? scanners? tags? x rays? wtf you smoking brah???
A drug war is a crime on reality. Learn biology. Learn how drugs are made. Look up M.A.P.S. READ UP ON how dopamine works. How drugs like caffeine work on the same receptor sites as the " hard" stuff. Then make your decisions. Even prescribed drugs that are heavily controled. And in my opinion are caught out because of such status, like alprazolam. Aren't much different in effect or how they work on the brain in comparison to alcohol. Which actually raises the level of the barbaturate phenobarbital in the brain. In my opinion more education. More freedom. And a libertarian approach to drugs would be more effective at curbing drug dependence drug dealing related violence and drug related immigrant based crime then a wall
That's what I call Cringertainment.
Next do "LS is better than Coyote" Change My Mind.
please do: 3rd Wave Feminism is Useless Change My Mind
Second person is a fucking idiot !  Slow as shit rolling uphill !
Since FBI statistics combine white and hispanic races into one category, where is an official source that cites the 37% murder rate by illegal immigrants?
I mean I dropped out of college, so I'm no "team of masterminds", and surely not one to pass judgement on the future President of New Mexico. But props to you for not breaking down into laughter about the "blatant scientifical maybe I dunno free flow x ray wall".
this man foshou smoked a blunt before sitting down
This was a bad episode lol. Only one guy talking and he's sort of loony.
Interested to see where this was filmed in.  New Mexicans are stupid in general.... We are close to last if not last in education.
"Scientifical, x-ray thingy. Just being blatant, I haven't thought this out yet" 

No way, seems like you've studied this.
Wall is a waste of fucking money and can be defeated by a well placed Ladder, it will just alienate people and fuck up food chains for animals living on the border.

We should probably clean up our Legal Paths into the country just Because it makes things easier for Everyone involved.

Correct me if Im wrong, but we Dont HAVE to let anyone in from that direction. And whatever Happens Happens and we dont have to Take shit from anyone because we arent Required to care.
1-866-DHS2ICE
Who wears short shorts?
We don't need a wall.  The US space marines are going to install a laser curtain down from orbit!!!  TRY CLIMBING IT YOU COMMUNISTS
Meanwhile Mexico hates illegal immigration from its southern border.
Yo....this dude is retarded..... his brain is fried.
The second person to sit down adds an "ah" to the end of like 50% of his sentences-ah.....
This guy was high
wtf was that guy talking about, he s delusional as fuck
10:28 "Build that X-ray Scanner!"
I got a Been Shapiro add...
Let's just fry everybody with xrays LMAO so they can end up like this guy lol burnt the heck out and can't even speak think or do anything properly lmao.
4:20 " we may find areas where we disagree vs areas where we disagree"  haha
THIS IS A STUPID FUCKING IDEA.




Install a minefield and use hunter-killer drone fleets for fuck's sake. Return on investment is way better.
Governor of New Mexico? Dont come NEAR my state.
"I think borders in general are going to be a thing of the past." boi what
I think the second buy did drugs.
God is it just me or do you also cringe when you hear some one butcher the English language??? I grew up in a pretty bad latino ghetto but I made a point not to sound like that man.
I'll bet the last guy was an illegal immigrant
That Mexican is huge idiot!!
Damn it Steven, stop putting my people on camera. We obviously dont do good, good video though.
Get rid of welfare as an incentive to come here.
If youre gonna come to MY COUNTRY, Come here LEGALLY! 

Good job, President Trump for starting To build the wall: just what Hispanic Americans need- Good work on President Trump on starting Construction!

NO BORDERS: NO COUNTRY!

#Americafirst

#Buildthewall

#Securetheborder
Yikes. That guy was talking some Orwellian, New World Order, Globalist Cuckery! Do not vote for him!
At no point in your rambling, incoherent response were you even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought. Everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it. I award you no points, and may God have mercy on your soul
That guy is so exhausting to listen to
That second guy was a trip.
priceless end-of-segment mug ftw
I tried taking the guy serious but I couldn't after he started talking about xrays.
This was one of the craziest shit I ever seen!!
Need to put a wall around new mexico too. Trying to get rid of the old mexicans don't need any new mexicans.
this spanish dude was next level el stupido
Literally had a ad for the show before the show
L
I want to limit LEGAL immigration too
An... 'x-ray border' ?

Somebody get this man a team of 'masterminds' asap
Respectfully this man is stupid. How in hell are we going to electronically i.d. people that have never been to America and how are we going to create a x-ray border that identifies these people? And what would that even accomplish?
#BuildTheWall  #DeportThemAll
Republicans arent racist. ~ Change My Mind
So... People will be able to travel very fast and very cheap in the next 5 years. BUT, we should tax them, AND boarders will not exist. FURTHERMORE, we should have an X-Ray scanner that reads the ID chip that is somehow implanted in everyone. 

WTF was that guy going on about?
A Spanish senior called Leroy that wants to be the Mayor of New Mexico...I call bullshit.

And why does he want everyone that crosses the border to be blasted with radioactive x rays? Does he want them to develop cancer?
The one Spanish guy actually had a good point, why not make money off of them by taxes? It would show whos doing illegal stuff too, because they wouldnt report their taxes, and wouldnt try to become a citizen

Edit: okay didnt watch it all.. X-ray borders haha, I think he was just super nervous and panicking to come up with an idea
Leroy said nothing.
Wow that second dude was spouting so much nonsense and is so inconsistent. 
What a moron.
Cant tell if the guy was trolling or just incredibly naive
X-ray Border Man 2020!
AS SOON AS YIY GET AN ELECTRONIC TAG YOU ARE AUTOMATICALLY A SLAVE TO THE SYSTEM, this guy clearly on some next level opioid kind of shit... comparing illegal crossing the border to the technology
I have a solution make illegal immigrants conditional temporary residents no access to welfare and paying a fine for entering illegally and be deported for any violent crime or felony conviction and a mandatory sentence upon reentry based on convictions of said crimes and previous deportations I have an "illegal aunt and cousins" they're always in fear of deportation they aren't here to commit crimes or take advantage of the government shes here for an opportunity and not all immigrants are in the same category so we need to stop putting them in one category im sure hundreds of thousands of people in that situation would not hesitate to take that deal the ones that don't are criminals lets make people that can be productive help this country excel and the garbage funnel out through their actions and enforcement. Ps if a bill like this would be endorsed by conservatives the liberals would lose there backing and we would be better suited to fight for the 2nd amendment with the support of the hispanic vote. Just food for thought people got to be closed minded
Tag people with RDIF chips and tax(steal money) from they? wtf?
Not to mention Mexico has their own southern border wall..and tons of countries have border walls to prevent their country being taken over by other countries and illegal immigrants..and the border walls actually work over in the east!..and no criticism.. What baffles me is nearly every president has said they are for border security but then don't follow through. Trump is actually following through on his campaign promises and gets critisized very harshly..why?? I use to work for Western Union/MoneyGram and TONS of illegal immigrants would send thousands of money they made in the U.S. to their home country, on a regular basis, which ultimately robs our economy. I would see a lot of fake passports when trying to send even larger amounts of money (which get declined) so most would break up the money into separate transactions (using other friends to send the money over as a way around presenting a legit I.d. or passport)
Good video but bring unfortunately
#1 no chance this guys not mexican and his family came in the 1550s .. not possible bro.
#2 yea forget a wall lets just build a 1900 mile long xray machine ... #3 oh yea passports and tattoo a f***ckin bar code on them at birth  oh wait just make these people that are undocumented pass a test lmfao .. if someone could please tell this guy that when you cross the border you have to show a Passport, majority of the time go through an x-ray machine and write why you're in the country.. that's so brilliant it might just not work... so scientifical .. so free flowing to track humans via barcode lmao future New Mexico governor right here.
"How do you check that with out a borderwall?" Uh urr duh hurr I'm not smart enough. Lmao
Love the checkerboard Vans tho 
Build that X-ray border! Build that X-ray border!
Jesus, Crowder, maybe you could have blurred out her entire image?? Come on, man.
What nice people... who just don't seem to be thinking... at all. We're seeing real time cognitive dissonance.
Build it.
That guy was an IDIOT.
Funny how they talk about immigration and always thinking Hispanics. Little do they know that their are more illegal people coming from Asia, Europe and Africa. Why talk about the people coming from Mexico? drugs.....
The wall is a huge waste of money
So dude there wants to just go to a different country and start microchipping people at random in case they decide to go cross the US/Mexico un-border x-ray radar laser wifi star trek gate that doesn't exist because it would be border security and borders are bad. Gotcha. Clear as brick.
That guy is fully retarded.
Build the wall....make welfare recipients pay for it
BUILD THE FREAKING WALL. PUT SNIPER TOWERS ON IT AND LET THE CHIPS FALL WHERE THEY MAY.  I DON'T CARE IF THAT LADY CRIES. Even though she did seem like a nice lady
The look on your face at the very end of the video spoke volumes!
The glass is half full.....please let's not be dumb enough to overflow it. If we spill "things" shit will hit the fan....on a humid summer day.
The Mexican dudes has to be high
This mf was definitely stoned for this convo
Why does Leroy keep adding extra vowels to the ends of words?
So I agree with nearly all of your ideas and thoughts on most of these matters however I just cant get behind this idea, I mean I can overall understand the issues with this but I just dont understand the point of a wall, I would like border enforcement and further actions taken but I dont understand why putting a mini Great Wall of China there would help
It would cost billions if not trillions, and as it turns out walls have not kept people out of a place since the a few hundred years ago. Kinda stupid idea tbh.
I am against illegal immigration, but I think the wall is a massive waste of money and resources. It blows me away how much traction the wall has gained because it's such a retarded solution. There's already a barrier between Mexico and USA. I mean, they have tunnels leading all the way into California, a big ass wall won't change that.
I wish I could of been there to change your mind. Usually I agree with you, but the wall is just a dumb idea. Logistically, and financially it's a disaster.
Wow... that Leroy guy... genius.
Build the wall.
Deport them all.
I think that most people shouldnt be allowed to vote. Time to implement starship troopers law.
13:18 pause it there and you get a thousand words just from that face...
So this guy is against borders and his solution is a global government tracking program? How high did this bastard get before this? There are some dumb people in this world...
The downside I can see with the wall, is just money, how much is it gonna cost and Im pretty sure its gonna take years to build fully

Also theres a risk of the Wall being built then out of nowhere its construction is cancelled, and all the money that is already gone it is now gone to waste, and giving liberals more fuel to add
Tax them uhhhhh
word + uhhh
I feel like after watching Mr. Drugs ramble on, I have become less intelligent.
This dude is brain dead lol he wants chaos lol no boarders  lol
So Leroy, do me a favor... When you go and amass your group of masterminds, find someone who can work out that one tiny little detail that you seem to not understand: WE ALREADY HAVE GATES, AND ILLEGALS CHOOSE TO GO AROUND THEM!!!
Sorry but is that guy ok?
the trouble with the world is that stupid people are cocksure.... -Bertrand Russel
Well America needs stricter immigration laws for sure. But building a wall doesn't look good. America is built on freedom and a wall just looks oppressive almost.
How Can A Person Sign Up To LWC If He/She Isn't A Student In A University ?
9/11 was an inside job! Change my mind
That end shot haha
3:18 The Look
The last guy described the movie "Idiocracy"
Just start shooting them for trespassing on federal land. Problem solved.
<<< Cheap Prick
As a new mexican you would defiantly not have my vote if you ran for governor lmao that was embarrassing for new mexicans smh
Dude in white is a dumbass
This is interesting, I thought people in Texas would want the wall.
This guy just described legal immigration.
Two moronic guests.  What a shame.
hahahah 2:50 they have the white guy robbing the mexicans thats a fucking joke
Hey @StevenCrowder
I love your channel and #mugclub... But putting in this clip can put this lady in danger. The people they're talking about, they don't play.
I think not gay Jared is packing around his waist there #securezza
dude is advocating for 1984
This is so dumb. The correct response is ladders.
He said "I want to be the Mayor of New Mexico" he has me dead lol
It's simple, just build a border-wide X-ray scanner that magically tags everyone who comes in!
Fucking hell this guy is one dense motherfucker.
XXXTENTACIONs death made me sad; change my mind... :( 
My goodness. Arguing with these people is like trying to climb a mountain of nails.
This was like one if those videos where people interview 7 year olds about politics for the comedic value of their answers.
Dang, I was disappointed with this Change My Mind. A great topic to have a political debate over but people were not willing to have an open discourse. The only two people in the video could hardly complete a sentence let alone formulate a logical argument.
Except maybe Colombia south american and caribbean countries are socialist shitholes. illegal are bringing that socialist crap with them. And if they are given citizenship and right to vote they will turn the US into a socialist shithole. Send them (the illegals) all back and "BUILD THE WALL".
This made me cry. Stupid leftists and their ideology are hurting good people. They have no morals.
Holy shit.... xray scanners lol
When you are high as f**k and have a million trillion grandiose ideas but when you open your mouth and can't get a coherent sentence out.
the way that dude makes a extra sound after the last word of every sentence tells me he's on stimulants. no I'm not saying that's everybody's habit that's on stimulants but he definitely got some extra energy.
Biometric scanner is the word he's looking for
Lord, can I please have the last 13:44 minutes of my life back!  PLEASE!
Hahahahaha xray I don't know if I should laugh or feel sad for him because he seems mentally challenged
200k IQ
Not sure if this guy understands, but to funnel people through a gate, there needs to be a fucking wall either side or people will simply walk around it... What a dunce! Love that look from crowder at the end there 
Why did I get an ad for a Democrat running for governor 
I think the wall would be a waste of money because of the tunnels. What about the tunnels ?
X-ray scanner with a data base-uh..........and theyll just decide to go throw a scanner?
They keep getting dumber and dumber.
Well at least the guy has ideas, not exactly good ideas but ideas.
Could you please post the statistics you use in these "Change My Mind" segments. I would like to be able to use them in my own debates.
I like how the people at the beginning saw your sign and just broke sown and screamed "YOUR ASS" because they couldn't come up with something clever.
What the hell was that moron talking about? He wants to RFID tag people?  No thanks!
His family has been in New Mexico since the 1550s, huh?
* snap *
Just make it a minefield.  With signs.  Or not.
Dude needs to change out his bong water.  OMG! What a f@$!ing wastoid.
What in the world is this guy on, this just makes me want the close the border even more
Give them the right to vote and make them pay taxes.

We already tried this, in 1920:  they have since voted themselves unsustainable amounts of money, most will die never paying net taxes, and theyre still demanding more free stuff.

But sure, lets try it again. Its not like weve spent a century proving it doesnt work.
Much more humane than a wall, microchip all Mexicans like pets. Good idea guy!
X-Ray Border Man wants to be the Governor of New Mexico!



Yeah, I died.
HE Thinks they pay taxes. 139 billion welfare pay out but they only pay 130 million a year. 
The spanish guy in the white T shirt was an idiot
I am sure confused with the person he first talked to
welcome to america. here's your complimentary rfid butt plug. enjoy!
Guy with spanish accent, families been here since the 1550's eh? That guy seemed like he was on meth or some kind of upper...or just has a lot of anxiety.
Steve's face at the end cracked me up.. best WTF look ever.
No borders, no culture, no language, no country.
BUILD THAT FUCKING WALL!
The first un cut interview was pretty good
That look at the end!
comedy gold
"let me assert my position first because we might find some areas where we disagree versus areas where we disagree." (4:20) --- as much as I enjoy these segments, I think this Freudian slip says a lot. I really don't believe that you want (or that it would be possible) for anyone to change your mind on these subjects.
@10:54 This kid wants citizens to get essentially chipped cause illegal immigration? fuck that. stop the whole lot, shoot them where they stand. We're full...
This man must think we are living in the future
This channel has disappointed me.  I was hoping for someone with conservative viewpoints that's open to logical discussion.  However, after viewing several of your videos, it's clear that is not the case.  Very unfortunate.  You're merely here to push your own viewpoints, which you've already convinced yourself are correct, on other people.
Who let this idiot speak for hispanics.
These people were so fucking funny. Not the brightest bulbs on the panel this time Crowder lol
This is about to reach a million fast.lol
As a life long resident of New Mexico, I would move if Leroy was ever put on the ballot for governor.
We need to build a barbed wire fence system 100 yards south of the Mexican wall and a barbed wire fence a hundred yards north of the wall. We can put signs on the barb wire fence anyone Beyond this point will be met with lethal Force. If they happen to get by that and over the wall then we have another hundred yards to apply lethal Force. I think we would have 0% illegal Crossings. as American citizens if we go beyond a certain point at Area 51 we are met with lethal Force. So why not illegals
Lmao that first Mexican dude is fvcking ignorant talking about fvck a wall, put in an x-ray scanner across the entire border 
Wtf was that second person talking about?
"Scientifical" 
Who are the ones salling the drugsa?
That one self described Spanish dude didn't want a wall, he wanted frickin x-ray laser grid.  So much cheaper and more practical than a wall, right?
Lasers! Sharks! SHARKS WITH LASERS!!!!
The guy at the end was clearly a slave to group think. Nothing worse than a confident stupid person.
I'm pretty sure the guy in the white shirt was strung out on something. He's obviously uneducated on the topic of immigration but he was all over the place. He would just throw random crap against the wall and hope it stuck.
this guy is deranged..
An xray border with people bringing notes on why they want to come in...why haven't we thought of this before!!! facepalm this is so stupid oml
the man at the end had no coherent thoughts.. sweet christ..
1550'S and scientifical LMFAO Gov of New Mexico  just wow....... :)
If that dude is on the ballot for Governor of NM. I will drop everything and move back to that god forsaken state( native born New Mexican, Silver City, Cobre Highshcool, fool.) And run against his dumbass...oh bye the way I'm Hispanic too..I say build the wall and man it with Recon Snipers....
Without a wall, whats stopping immigrants from just going around the x-ray gate
Farmers ceuticals ???
really just scientifical
If they dont build the wall.....THEN PUT A PRICE ON THE ILLEGALS HEADS.
I seriously hope the second guest does not have many listeners to his talk show. The man needs to start working towards a career when fast food because I don't think he's smart enough to do anything else.
Can you film another one I need more !
boooooooooooooooooring
WHAT ABOUT THE 10,000 KIDS that showed up WITHOUT PARENTS. Why are children being shipped across the border like cattle?!?!
You need to require an IQ test before you let someone get up there and ramble for 20 minutes,. This was a massive waste of my time that Ill never get back and I feel more ignorant after listening to this . Seriously though, if you start talking to someone and can tell within the first 30 seconds that theyre more than likely on a second grade reading level, tell them thanks and say goodbye- move on to the next. This seriously isnt doing anyone any benefit other than giving dumb people YouTube air time. 
That guy is so stupid.
The wall itself is a stupid idea. I mean trump even defeated it in his own speech hahaha. "Idk maybe a rope." lmao.
Mexicans aren't stupid, they come up with clever ideas to get around the wall. Heard of the weed catapult? Plane drops, tunnels, mules, etc. The wall is stupid and pointless. Or at the very least stupid to build such an expensive and massive wall to the level that trump wanted. It would be cheaper to save the billions of dollars and hire massive amounts of people that patrol/scope out the border looking for crossers.
1 billion dollars can pay for 16,666 people at 60 grand for 1 year to drive around the 1,954 miles of the border. The wall is gonna cost what like 70 billion? that's 70 years of patrolling. Or even better just set aside 10 years worth for patrolmen, and develop AI cameras that can detect movement within 1-2 miles and alert patrols to head that way. Drones even too to keep an eye on them. That way you can have better, more efficient surveillance 24/7 that doesn't get tired, and can't be bribed to look the other way.

The wall is stupid. Use your brain to think of better solutions. A wall will. not. solve. anything.

Should there be at least a sturdy but cheaper to install fence with barbwire or something like that? Sure why not, at least not let them walk right in unsecured. Plus you can put motion sensors or something to detect people climbing over it, and alert patrols to their position. With cameras to verify false alarms or diversion tactics.
Blurs out her face but not her keycard on her neck, nice
Get rid of an overreaching leftist legislator or politician, get a free citizenship!
thats not a bad idea, if the have some sort of tracker on them when the come into the country we can make sure they have a job and housing ect.. then they can earn their citizenship by proving they can live here respectfully
We shouldnt enforce the border but we should make sure we know who is coming into the country.
Fuck the wall and Fuck Donald Trumpchange my mind....
That woman may end up in a ditch on the other side of the wall now.
The second person either cant articulate themselves well or they arent very smart 
What are seriously only these two people? I was hoping for a real conversation about that goofy dude lol
WHY HASNT THE WALL BEEN BUILT YET?!?!?
The x-ray border.

...


X-ray.

...

Where are those mastermind individuals?
What a waste of money... we are in debt and these idiots think the wall and a space force are a good idea. What the hell happened to conservative spending. No wall, no socialist programs, small government, try those out....
But illegals are documented we can't tax them
This is just like all those clips of Americans not knowing their history etc. You just cherrypick this stuff and Don't talk to experts and such. Like imagine a debate competition where you got time to research and study vs somebody who just found out what the debate topic would be. Don't fucking act like your opinion is 100% right when it's not a fair fight
Honest question:  how do we insure that those crossing have the correct immunizations so that they don't get polio, measles, mumps, rubella or that they don't bring those maladies into the country?  Venezuelans are starting to have higher cases of polio due to their situation and they are taking it into other countries.
i love how that guy wanted no borders because they are a thing of the past, but he kept on proposing ideas that would require some kind of border and checkpoint system. he should have really thought this over before making himself look like an idiot.
Why is Trump not going after the companies? Why not also punish the "dealers". They are also breaking the law...
Drugsuhh, databaseuhh, pastuhhh
i support the wall and yes im mexican. every country should have one. and trump is a great president. but i didnt like when he said meixcans are rapists and shit but i support the wall 100%.
LOL Last guy hosts a show called "Go Green" drops the most fascist idea since 1936 though! lol
The zoom at the end was beautiful
 genius! PasscodesUUHHH. Great ideaUHH!
Build the wall.
Hate to say it but can we deport that new mexico guy , he seems sketchy and dangerous
You should do a Trump/Reagan was a good president, change my mind
As much as I love technology/know it is advancing rapidly, that 5-10 year for fast transportation is overly optimistic, as is his "ID" System. - Meh either way I am glad you respect those who have a differing opinion/arguing against your change your mind topics.
That look into the camera at the end ... priceless.

The thought of that guy becoming the Governor of New Mexico ... wow.
https://youtu.be/_nLPsFeSw4Y I recommend everyone to watch this video. It talks about why we should be the wall, how we should build the wall and what to do with the 11 million illegal immigrants already in the U.S.
Future governor of New Mexico everybody
Illegals are shitholers from one big shithole.
That guy is mentally retarded
This was weird 
What a dumbass this guy wants to build a 
Two Thousand mile x-ray border that will run 24 hours a day 7 days a week FOR EVER !!!
How many people a year would that kill !!!
1 months power bill would cost more than the wall !!!
So I'm gathering the best that liberals in that immediate area could come up with to defend their position was "Build the wall with your ass." 

Very stimulating and thought provoking points...I'll need to ponder that for awhile.
https://soundcloud.com/yung-sqwayne/sets/t-o-n-y
It won't stop the drugs. Unless you Wall the entire country. Even then it wouldn't
Everyone you interviewed would easily embrace a Fascist dictatorship. They are completely misinformed and have no understanding what it is to be a US citizen.
Dam this guys is stupid
The solution to Illegal immigration is to make them citizens yes. And while we're at it we can solve theft by making people pay for things.
That guy was an idiot. I wouldn't even know how to respond him. 
I love your shit dude, but i really wish the people you talk to were more.... better. I prefer a good debate over you talking to morons.
Personally I just feel the Wall is a waste of money, and recourses.

Change my mind.
WARING: (THIS IS ALL COMING FROM A CANADIAN PERSPECTIVE)
I believe that a physical wall won't be a solution, I am for police tolls at the border. The wall will cost trillions of US dollars to stretch from end to end plus all of matinence for the wall and security guarding the wall. Building the wall also might keep illegal immigrants in the states because if they leave the states they can't come back, so they probably will just start to live in the states. And also the biggest flaw I see is that...

PLANES CAN FLY OVER WALLS

Of course it will be hard for people to illegally immigrate this way but it won't stop them.
I believe immigration control shouldn't be a power the Government has. But I also believe the government should have no power, so those things just go hand in hand.
You want to solve immigration?

It's easy.. All you have to do is..

"Make Mexico great [again?]"
I feel bad for that women she was pressured by illegals to believe something false.
"Tax Them" WTF. If it's that easy to go USA and live there. All my relatives waste 2-5years and waste quarter of a million pesos to go there.
@YouTube I have subscribed and set the notification bell to on, why did I not get a notification?
Do  christ is Lord change my mind
But people say weve wasted trillions on the drug war that is such an exaggeration. Weve spent more on the war on poverty in just one year and we spent on the drug war combined. Which I dont think the federal government should have anything to do with drugs or anything to do with anything except the military And boarder security but the war on drugs has not interfered with the war on poverty. Period.
The second guy is a perfect example for why we need IQ tests to vote.
Lets just put x rays all over the place to find illegal immigrants. I dont know y this guy thinks that crimes are the only problem with illegal immigrants.
What did I just watch
Leroy....

He reminds me of someone who has taken a lot of stimulants, whether it's cocaine or modafinil they both tend to have this sort of effect. There is always the possibility of a simple manic episode but judging by his age, rapid fire speech, fast/twitchy movements and how he bounced around topics I'm going to say some foreign chemical is pumping through his bloodstream.
The last guy wanted a Big Brother implant in everyone. Building a wall is less expensive and less intrusive. Cmon President Trump, get that wall built.
The dude at 11 min wants to be governer and has literally never pondered 2 questions deep on the topic....gtfo
Democrat voters are literally bonafide domestic enemies, (aka Liberal Terrorists) who pose an existential threat to our constitutional republic and MUST be liquidated by the MILLIONS. Go ahead, change my mind
The sad thing is... the dude that pronounces eventhingah like thisah, is the only liberal with an solution... despite how sci-fi and ass backwards it sounds
Oh right the x-ray gate. FFS
Scientifical
I prefer these change my minds on the university campuses cause some of these people you interview are straight stupid
5:07
And Im personally not Mexican, Im Spanish, and my family has been in New Mexico since the 1550s lol
An x-ray gate... yea am X-ray some type of ray... a BOARDER... YEAH  . Jesus
I feel like the first lady didn't know what she was talking about.
The dude in the white shirt watches way too much Sci-Fi.
all illegal immigrants commit a crime its in the name
I think the dude meant sensor, not x-ray. Not a terrible idea in theory, but I don't think it's doable. Also, he doesn't want to restrict immigration at all, which is a bad idea for democracy if you think your country is in the top 50% of countries.
Anyone who says the word libtard is retarded Change My Mind
The one guy wanted to be the governor of New Mexico and is the most misinformed person I have ever seen.
StevenCrowder Veritasium just posted an awesome mini autobiography and I'm happy for him. It's always good to see someone succeed in life. GunTubers might not see the same happy ending! This is an 11 minute autobiography of his success with YouTube:

https://youtu.be/S1tFT4smd6E

This is what I posted in the comment section!

"Ve I enjoyed your mini autobiography and I liked your story. Perhaps you can help with something? 

Not sure how empathetic you are, but I want you to imagine your story with 2 changes,

Change 1: Substitute "physics" with guns, gear, and ammo.

Change 2: YouTube turned against you demonetized most of your videos and basically turned you from a successful YouTuber into an e-beggar.

Will you help your fellow YouTubers? I honestly feel that since anyone with (I think it's 50,000) a certain number of subscribers are now considered a partner, you guys should unionize! Imagine if all the partners either joined the Screen Actors Guild or started your own union how much better it would be for the viewer with less censorship. Instead of YouTube being a monopolistic autocracy over video content, the terms of service agreement could be negotiated through collective bargaining!

From what I've seen, YouTubers are supposed to be like a big family. I think it's time that instead of ignoring the injustices happening to some of you guy's brothers and sisters, instead you could support them!

How long do you think it would take for YouTube to come to the table if all of the partners went on strike?"
Damn!!! These people are REALLY dumb!!!!
The Hispanic must have been stoned out of his fucking mind
100% of the illegal immigrants are criminals.  They broke the law coming here "ILLEGALLY"
Crowder's face at 13:17 is my face during the last interview.
Hit second guest is an idiot.
Like if KD ruined the X-Ray border
The look at the very end...hilarious. 
Steven, I have a whole new level of respect for you after this interview. I dont know how you maintained your composure after X-Ray Border.
This Spanish guy is an idiot.  You make no sense.  Maybe before you disagree with this topic, you might want to do a little research.
That guy was an idiot!!
The young man Syfy way of bringing people in could all still be done with the border wall but they could also just have the freedom to choose to not do his way and still do it illegally if there is no wall thats not a rejection against the wall thats just an ideal situation where everyone behaves perfectly can you just trust them. Which aint going to happen lol
That Spanish guy is a Illuminati dream, he wants everyone chipped! He will bring in the NWO freely. Were fucking doomed
building a wall won't change anything. drugs are still going to come in, illegals are going to keep crossing no matter what because when your coming from a place where they are extorting you for money, raping your daughters a chance of freedom doesn't seem that bad. they pay american citizens to bring the drugs over because border patrol agents don't look twice
That final stare haha
That fool with the backpack is talking about chipping people
"cop x-ray thing gate that scans where you are"

.___. what...?
"Borders will become a thing of the past." L M A O - Nah playa, not in our lifetimes! "X-ray border." Ahahahaha, dying here!! So, what he's saying is that the Mexicans should fill out a field trip permission slip before crossing the border, after being x-rayed!? FKN BRILLIANT!
The build the wall segment wasted everyones time.
Im amazed you kept a straight face through Leroys rambling. Wow
What the shit!?! Hahaha!
Crowder brought his a game. This was amazing !
The last guy is the male equivalent of the girl you wished you hadnt started a conversation with at a party on SNL.
Post interviews with smarter people. Your live change my mind video was the best, all of the interviews were unedited.
I'm all for immigration reform. But I don't think that building a wall is the most effective, or cost effective, way to do so. Most illegal immigrants aren't sneaking across the border. They're coming in here legally and choosing not to leave
Being gay is a sin
Change my mind
 Yes let's xray them and shoot them with electronic tags YES!!! I LIKE THIS PLANWe can just have the military snipers in choppers shoot tags as  herds of illegals come across the open land YEEEEE HAAAAAAA! BOYS! TAG UM AND BAG UM! Now all we need is the BEAST to sign off on the contract to get this system started.
That lad you were talking to is as mad as a bag of cats and a retard to boot
10:55
Don't do meth.
7:07 Really explains this guy has a criminal motive.
2 things from me. First the largest drug dealer in the world is the CIA. 2nd the wall will make it far easier to control the border and like it or not until every American has a job and is secure financially then we dont need anymore people in this country. There are enough problems here as is.
Leroy's about equivalent to the guy ringing the bell outside the Salvation Army.  He said he wants to run for office, just great, another Hank Johnson, no thanks ya retard!
That guy has no clue what he is talking about
its to expensive
"Build the wall with your ass, bitch!"...... brilliant. The great minds of Austin, California.
It's a straw man to say that people who want the rule of law want to break up families.
It's hypocritical to say you care about breaking up families and children, and also support abortion. 
And it's stupid to blame Trumpthese were existing laws that trump neither proposed nor passed, and he has demonstrated a willingness to negotiate policy.
That Leeroy guy made me cringe so many times. My wife is a proud American of Mexican ethnicity and she tells me people like this Leeroy guy claim to be Spanish when they are obviously Mexican as a way of trying to portray themselves as better than Mexicans. It is in fact a form of racism
If they spend money in the US, they are paying taxes.  Bad argument, Steven.
Your face at the end says it all
Fetal Alcohol Syndrome is a bitch.
Wow that gentleman's ancestors were in New Mexico 50 years before New Spain colonized it.
Hot damn.
Honestly people arent afraid of regulating the border theyre afraid of being locked out of the country they call home. The wall seems more of an intimidation than a regulation and trump supporters believe that a wall is gonna get rid of the immigrants and give them more jobs. This isnt the case, a lot of our lower pay work force comes from hard working immigrants (I personally believe they deserve more pay) and with civil wars going on all over the world and people trying to escape it, its a given people are gonna turn to the country that promise, freedom, inalienable rights, and equality for everyone. America is a developed nation and were expected to perform like one yet for some reason were lacking in a lot of areas. Until we improve in these areas well were gonna lose respect as a nation.
Circumcision change my mind!
Never mind Steven is dialing it back now and being kinder. He mustve read my comments is why!
Low IQs on this one. Just build the wall already. No more debate or conversation. Just build it.
I farted
Your future governor, New Mexico!
BUILD THE WALL!!!!!
13:17 uhh yeah that's kinda where I'm at too...
Im a conservative and I oppose the wall. It will be a waste of tax payer money and will also harm the ecosystems along the border. Am I the only one that feels this way? I want there to be background checks at the border but I dont think building a wall will help anything.
Build the X-Ray border
Either you caught it or your dumb as a brick! Great job Crowder! And staff, I don't want to leave NOT GAY JARED  out a it, oh and btw Canada sucks lol
The guy in the white shirt needs to lay off the pot man
Not to be mean but that second guy is not the brightest.
#XRAYBORDER
All these people are trying to do is make a better life for themselves and there kids. Why cant you people see that? It breaks my heart.
I hope the guy with the camera watched this and saw how stupid he sounds.
WOW, the last guy made himself look really stupid!
Just because people say Build the wall doesnt mean they are against illegal immigration. It means they want a more secure America, stop possible crime and terrorism from coming in.
I was surprised by your balls of steel
Face palmed when he said X-ray border
Hahahaha he is talking about GPS inplant with all the information to keep track on who you are. I think he is being brain washed by some type of electromagnet wavelength thingy. Saw some video on it the other day. Dont remember the name.

A conspiracy theorist would say "He is a Illuminati puppet project".
Lol I actually found the second guy to be refreshing in the way he conducted himself. No hate, no self-righteous indignation, just conversing like a civilized person with a peculiar joie de vivre. And that first woman was hilarious.
Keep showing guys like that and we wont have to build a wall.  I think the future governor was stizoned!!!!
this guy came to talk to Steven right after watching futurama
You think maybe he was thinking a weaponized tesla coil from Red Alert?
Its fair if the US wants to build a wall. Its stupid if they really wanna force another government to do it. Mexico needs to get their shit together, but they cant prevent all of their people from leaving even if they tried. That being said, the US still has the power to deport, so they can keep that up, too
Steve I think you need a better holster because youre printing big time!
If hes been thinking about this a lot for the past three years he should probably know the difference between X-ray and rfid
That dude had no logic. Tax the people who work for cash... WTF
His face at the end
I'm dead
The 2nd guy is most likely a live streamer who streams while walking around on the street
Cleveland Indians ht two thumbs up 
Free flowing 'scientifical' X-ray gate?! I finally understand what every other country thought when they heard that Trump running for President.  Good luck with your future Senator, New Mexico!
God the way he over pronounces words gives me aids
want the effects the wall would bring...but not the actual wall..
Saw a crtv ad
The dude with the white shirt is polite, but he is DUMB!

You can't reason with someone that fucked up. Bless Steven's heart for entertaining this idiot.
YOUSEFF MERKED YOU IN THAT DEBATE. YOURE STILL GREAT THO :)
I was already giggling all throughout the 2nd "conversation", and that look at the end just made me burst out laughing.. that is one strange dude.
It seems like Steven is kind of expecting some of these young people off the street to be experts in their not being jerks and saying hes wrong or stupid its OK to ask how you expect us plan to work but its just in a way that sounding so frustrated and its not necessary. Youre not going to have conversations with experts on the street most people and I mean like everybody I know is pretty stupid about politics lol
POTUS should just start a fundraiser. They could fund the big beautiful wall through donations.
Its actually really really nice to see people on whatever side of the political spectrum just talk level headed. Some people just cant see the other side and shout out insults
sigh... I feel bad for this guy...  Everything he's said is basically what we're currently doing and the stuff he mentioned that would be "future tech" is stuff that majority of people are severely against even if they're just visiting family members in our country for a few days/weeks(the tracking where the persons go that is).  And an "X-Ray Border"(I realize it would be x-rays or any kind, ie gamma/beta/etc) but something that scans the whole border all the time for people would be extremely expensive(definitely more than a wall) and you then also need to get other nations like Mexico who don't have the same kind of capital or authority over their citizens to make them take in whatever it is that these border scanners would scan.
Illegals send all money back to Mexico and live 64 deep in 2 bed room house
X-ray border. This dude is onto something
That last guy is fighting his own personal drug war, and he is losing.
The lady offered a nice and respectful discussion, and ended up learning from it
I can't believe this dude is proposing a more invasive procedure (which is highly unethical, by the way) as opposed to simply having border security and making it easier for immigrants to be led on a path to citizenship. Just wow. What a "mastermind" as he says. And wait! He wants to be a governor? Dear Lord..
I want another one of this topic. lol
Its not a good convo when the people youre debating arent as knowledgeable
I dont like Trump, but I dont hate him neither. Hes just idk to me. Im not a liberal or a republican. I just try to see things in a full picture while people who take sides only see a fraction of it. Meaning theyre ignorant.
Bro, aren't you afraid of getting ran over by some leftist maniac when doing these bits?
How do they know how many illegals commit crime when they are undocumented. You cant even establish an average, you dont know how many there are, how can you establish an average when you dont have the full numbers. Im sorry but those statistics are ridiculous. If someone lives in an oppressive country , and they cant migrate legally they will risk doing it illegally because the risk is worth a better life.
Race does not matter. Change my mind.
I watch these videos, hoping for actual debate, and I'm always disappointed.  Why?  Because Steven Crowder is a disingenuous hack.  For him to do serious research, put together a binder of facts and statistics that he's gathered, and just generally have the job he does, and then go toe-to-toe with some rando on the street is pathetic.  It's like taking a boxer (even an amateur "political boxer" like Steven Crowder) and have them train for a month and then fight some rando on the street.  People would be disgusted in the show, much like I'm disgusted in these interviews.  How about inviting someone who knows their shit to come and debate you?  The only people who Steven Crowder is convincing with these videos are people who already are fellow ideologues who sign on to his bullshit.
This leeroy just fucked it for the rest of us lol what in the hell was he saying.
Leroy, you are the dumbest motherfucker on the planet!  We need to start securing our borders by eradicating idiots like this dipshit!  Unfortunately there's too many of these idiots running around the US with the same mentality just ruining the country.  SMH!
How did Crowder luck into the stupidest man on Earth? Instead of making even a flawed argument about why the wall shouldn't be built this guy just sat down and invented the first illegal immigrant sci-fi fan fiction
We need a few masterminds........I wonder what he considers a mastermind. Maybe a fifth grader????
Build the wall but don't forget that BIG Beautiful door.
Nobody wants to build an actual wall. It's stricter policies that Trump wants. I don't like Trump. 

I don't want children in cages but the wall isn't that fucked up at least from what Ive read. But the kids in cages thing kind of undercuts everything about him.
So basically that guy is asking for something like drones along the border?
Building a wall is dumb and expensive. Control immigration through stricter visa processes and Deport any illegal immigrant immediately. And for the Mexicans coming through the southern border just X-ray tag them, the radiation would force them to call 911 eventually.
I never supported the wall... I wanted an electric fence with sentry guns and sensors to detect tunnlers and armed response teams when a tunnel is found.

I also think we should keep track of everyone who comes into the country for a limited time, and if they don't leave before their assigned date, we put a warrent out for them with strict punishments for attempting to stay longer than allowed. 

Also: We need to make the process of becoming a citizen more attractive. If it's more difficult to follow the law than break it, nobody will follow it
I've asked this before but can you please link your statistical sources. I'm trying to argue with people and it's a PITA finding this stuff, and a lot of wasted time and effort if you've already done that work.
"Show me a 10 foot wall and I will show you an 11 foot ladder." I see the wall as a waste of money generally because there are far too many ways around it. Reform is a good idea, but I don't see the purpose to the wall beyond ostracizing Mexico.
13:15 lmao
These people have an extremely low IQ. Next time try to find some normal people, this was hard to watch.
13:15 omf that look said a thousand words haha 
This guy can't really be that stupid surely? Must be trolling.
"I don't want a brick wall, let's just tag everyone and set up a RFID wall so we can tax them. That's much better"
Someone's been watching too much Sci-fi without knowing ANYTHING about tech or human rights. He said x-ray wall for f**ks sake! My paraphrase actually made him sound smarter than he was!
I'm not so big on the idea of building a wall. I mean who's going to pay for it? Might it not be cheaper for border patrol to just step up their game? Maybe the real problem has been too much leniency to begin with.
Steven you need to blur her ID tag
we could fix immigration just by making LEGAL immigration quick and easy (for those who can be easily verified as having no serious criminal history) while also increasing the number of immigrants we currently accept.  the result would be far fewer illegal border crossings (because the good immigrants wouldn't go through the hassle of crossing illegally if they knew they could just show an ID and enter legally).  this would also mean that anyone caught trying to enter illegally are likely doing something illegal and should be looked at more closely.  it's really ingenious in its simplicity, wherein the "good immigrants" automatically separate themselves from the "bad immigrants."  in fact, we might not even need a wall if a plan similar to this were implemented.
Luckily his border idea didnt involve Gamma rays, otherwise his company GoGreen Global would seem like a nefarious code name for a plan to turn people into the Hulk.
This conversation was pretty empty. Some fantastical and unrealistic ideas with little insight into why Steven thinks a border is the necessary or an acceptable solution to illegal immigration.
more intelligible guests are far more interesting this was hard to watch
I'm not American but I intend to be one day, I applied for a research position and was successful, I went through the required process and now I'm here. As someone who has done thing's legally I find it quite annoying that people can just come in illegally and gain residency. 

Build the wall and bury seismic sensors along the full length of it to prevent tunneling. At the same time get some of the older drones and use them to patrol the border, they don't need to be armed just use them to guide border officers to anyone they pick up. I fail to see what is wrong about securing the borders of ones country.
Leroy done did too many drugs lol.
This episode was dookie. Shouldve been done on campus. Lol you wouldve got better conversation from those dreamers
I have an idea?? Let's pull a Dr Evil and have Sharks with Laser Beams to Patrol the borders of our coasts!!!!
Then let's make a Laser Beam that will go all the way from San Diego to...Hell..I don't know..Fucking Florida!!!
Then we will get Every Country to put implants in Every citizen, and just open the borders to all.
That guys idea is the dumbest idea Ever!!!
STEVE, BLUR THE NAMETAG, CHANGE VOICE AND BLACK OUT BODY MORE!!! LIBERALS will END her!!!  !!!!!
The gentleman after the lady was funny. Let's not build a wall but let's microchip (Only way I see his XRay plan being truely executable) everyone. Even people not in our country. Because that will work. I'm not exactly for the wall but that is just funny.
100% of all illegal immigrants have committed  a crime, They crossed illegally..... that's a crime.
When conservative say "The Wall" does it mean a literal physical wall or an anecdotal wall for tougher immigration policy?
Lol dude is so stupid.
Honey im going to illegally move to america

Oh don't forget your electronic passport so the x-ray border tags you and so that you get taxed
That one guys a dumb ass uh
Any country has the right to build the wall but don't make the neighbor (Mexico), pay for it 
As a German who is old enough to remember a time when my country was divided by a wall, I can tell you it's just a bad idea in general and a waste of money to build a wall. If you're really interested in this topic you might check on the internet for the 'berlin wall', how strict border controls were (people were shot on sight, minefields, etc..) and how it didn't stop people who really wanted to cross the border. Especially criminals have been incredible inventive when it came to smuggling goods, drugs and/or humans. Criminals and drug dealers WILL find a way around your wall and all you've done was wasting a big bunch of money.
This is cringey
Lmao did he seriously make this video what a fucking meme
Like when hes asking what your statistics or you dont have to be sweet about it and say they arent my statics like that. It makes you seem really un likable. I just want to do see you do as well as possible.
Oh dear that dude was all over the place.  But like liberals say about guns.  More gun laws cuz if it saves one person it's worth it.  Same with the wall no?
"Borders are a thing of the pastUh. Youll be able to travel super fastUH."
She said don't build the wall, because they will get in one way, or another.
With that philosophy, you should take your front door off, because they will get in one way or another.
Just Give Up.
The first ad I got here was called breaking barriers and talks about knocking down walls and spreading information and freedom... probably completely random algorithm stuff. Yeah. 

Also, those shorts man.
This nigga be watching too many sci fi movies.
This guy said his family has been here since the 1500s. What was with his cholo accent?
One cannot enforce illegals carrying documentation, you can only have citizens have proof of citizenship. The former they just loose the documents showing that they are illegal. I have this argument with auditors all the time, you can't prove a negative, I can't prove that you are not a citizen only that one is based on documentation.
Censor more of the women in the beginning to help protect her identity.
You need to invite Shoe0nHead to a Livestream and talk about feminism or something, and maybe even debate on "democratic" socialism
x ray border?? LMAO ya because fck deadly radiation right?
Deflection section, what's your infection? X-ray Gate......Let me check with my peops to see what I really think.  And "Big Pharma" also made an appearance. I was waiting on a "Rape Culture" cameo.   Future Governor of New Mexico folks....
The guy at the 10:00 minute mark wants to tag illegals like what the Nazi's did to the Jews xDDDDD
4:21 Kim Jong Un Haircut
Like the first girl said, people will find a way around the wall. I feel like instead of spending so much money on border patrol, we could put that money into stopping immigration at the source by using it to help Mexico become a better place so people don't have to immigrate into the US
I agree, we need an x Ray border
Dont let this distract you from the fact that Kid Cudi felt it ok to release SB2H
4:50 would actually be legal not immigration lol
OMG! That dude is planning on being the governor of a state? Yowzas! Best of luck to New Mexico and its current citizens.
Emeli Beltran: I'm with you, it's always good to see a college liberal get butt hurt with righteous indignation and horrible arguments.
wow, so short this video was... FEED ME MORE SEYMOUR!!
That was scary what that guy talked about it was Orwellian were you have no borders and a electronic on you to tell where you are, jezz thats creepy!
Drugsuh..pastuh..opiatesuh.. this kids accent made me want to punch his face
100% of illegal immigrants are committing a crime. Just saying.
Next time skip the tweekers.
Man Steven, youre kinda being douches to people in your videos now who arent being douches. I love you and its not terribly bad but maybe dial it back until theyre A holes first. Its making the video tense and not like a conversation but a see how uncomfortable you can make them..
I'm from New Mexico. 
I'm not voting for that guy.
omg that pity clap and stevens face had me 
Are those gray hairs in Steven's sideburns?
For those who wonder how Trump could make Mexico pay for the wall: (read if you wanna learn)

 On day 1 promulgate a "proposed rule" (regulation) amending 31
CFR 130.121 to redefine applicable financial institutions to include
money transfer companies like Western Union, and redefine "account" to include wire transfers. Also include in the proposed rule a requirement that no alien may wire money outside of the United States unless the alien
first provides a document establishing his lawful presence in the United States.
 On day 2 Mexico will immediately protest. They receive approximately $24 billion a year in remittances from Mexican nationals working in the United States. The majority of that amount comes from illegal aliens. It serves as de facto welfare for poor families in Mexico. There is no significant social safety net provided by the state in Mexico.
 On day 3 tell Mexico that if the Mexican government will contribute the funds needed to the United States to pay for the wall, the Trump Administration will not promulgate the final rule, and the regulation will not go into effect.
 Trade tariffs, or enforcement of existing trade rules: There is no doubt that Mexico is engaging in unfair subsidy behavior that has eliminated thousands of U.S. jobs, and which we are obligated to respond to; the impact of any tariffs on the price imports will be more than offset by the economic and income gains of increased production in the United States, in addition to reven ue from any tariffs themselves. Mexico needs access to our markets much more than the reverse, so we have all the leverage and will win the negotiation. By definition, if you have a large trade deficit with a nation, it means they are selling far more to you than the reverse - thus they, not you, stand to lose from enforcing trade rules through tariffs (as has been done to save many U.S. industries in the past).
 Cancelling visas: Immigration is a privilege, not a right. Mexico is totally dependent on the United States as a release valve for its own poverty - our approvals of hundreds of thousands of visas to their nationals every year is one of our greatest leverage points. We also have leverage through business and tourist visas for important people in the Mexican economy. Keep in mind, the United States has already taken in 4X more migrants than any other country on planet earth, producing lower wages and higher unemployment for our own citizens and recent migrants.
 Visa fees: Even a small increase in visa fees would pay for the wall. This includes fees on border crossing cards, of which more than 1 million are issued a year. The border-crossing card is also one of the greatest sources of illegal immigration into the United States, via overstays. Mexico is also the single largest recipient of U.S. green cards, which confer a path to U.S. citizenship. Again, we have the leverage so Mexico will back down. Conclusion: Mexico has taken advantage of us in another way as well: gangs, drug traffickers and cartels have freely exploited our open borders and committed vast numbers of crimes inside the United States. The United States has borne the extraordinary daily cost of this criminal activity, including the cost of trials and incarcerations. Not to mention the even greater human cost. We have the moral high ground here, and all the leverage. It is time we use it in order to Make America Great Again.


Me: Remember the point of the wall isnt only to try and stop illegal immigration, drugs, etc. but to slow it down and have a lot less of it. People may be able to find a way in, but it will be VERY HARD.
We might find areas where we disagree but we might find areas where we disagree
That ending look at the camera killed me...all without X-Rays.
It will be nice if you can add your references in the video description.
Build the wall with your ass bitch!  Burn....
I dont usually comment, but I just wanted the crowder crew to know that I appreciate the way that you encourage the open exchange of ideas through this series. Keep up the great work and thank you!
X-ray border??!!! Are you serious? Yeah there's no way to get around an X-ray right?!
A Change my mind ad on change my mind video???
Every cent Trump wants for the wall would be better spent on Visa enforcement INSIDE the borders. It's not that a wall wouldn't reduce illegal immigration; it just wouldn't reduce it enough to justify the cost of building and maintaining it.
That Hispanic dude is way ahead of his time. This nigga said an x ray border
She said money lending, not laundering.
Super cheap, international travel in the next 5 to 10 years.

Even if multiple governments built an international highspeed railway, it would be well over 5 to 10 years. Was he high? I think he was high.
What? You will never have a free roaming of the world law!!
Build the wall hahahahaha
You need to make sure her badge cannot be blown up and ID be made if your intention of bleeping her face is identification purposes.
Wow my man just ditched Leroy like a pro.
The Spanish guy from New Mexico that has ancestors there dating back to the 1550's.....Dude....You're my family. Please don't make our people look bad.
Someone owes an illegal loan shark some money.
Build the damn wall.
lol yeah i agree that Leroy was, let's put it, not the smartest intellectual, but many of these change my mind segments are unfair because Steven has researched immensely and is very educated in the statistics of every subject, and most ordinary people are not. I just think in the future, these change my mind segments should include people that are more educated in these specific topics. For example, a gender studies professor could try to change your mind about you thinking there are only 2 genders. I personally do not agree with most of your viewpoints, but I respect how you always keep things civilized and respectful. You have changed my mind slightly on certain issues. Just some feedback for future change my minds!
how'd you keep a straight face through that delusional guy?
xray machines huh? hmmmm..............dude watches a little too much Marvel.
Trump Is Not Separating Families: Change My Mind.
His face at the ends sums up that interview perfectly
This guy is basiclly wanted to give the mark of the beast. Like really ??
The way that kid talked was like driving me like nutza...
Trump called immigrants and refugees smugglers and stuff while justifying his "detention camps" in which he put a bunch of immigrants in cages, separating families from their children
I agree to the fact of watching over immigration ....
Still ironic the video gets released when these camps is being debated on
I got a Donald trump ad on this video telling me to wish him happy birthday .-. What have u done crowder
congrats on 2 million subscribers steven! So glad I found your channel, big fan!
I wish I could run into Crowder when he has one of these "change my mind segments". I say this because he seems to  runs into a bunch of intellectual weaklings.
Homeboy would rather chip humans than build a wall. Class A brainwashed sheep.
That poor woman... We need to deport those illegal imigrants threatening the lives of our legal imigrants and citizens... Oh wait that would be racist. Sweetheart if you see this video or this comment know that while sanctuary cities may not be on your side, there are people that are and don't believe in any of this crap. Let's start treating people equally and punishing them for the crimes they commit regardless of race. That's what it means to be a equal society and a melting pot of cultures. Accountability.
So basically that dude's alternative to a physical wall, is basically tagging people like cattle and scanning them every time they go in and out of the country? Seems a lot more complicated and invasive than just building a damn wall and having several points of entry with manual review.
X-ray border that requires an ID scan? So what you are saying is, you want a wall.
leeeerooyyyy trying to get ID tags planted in people...no boarders...NWO??
Why not debate people who are knowledgeable and prepared on the topic rather than randos on the street who have no idea what theyre talking about?
I find it funny how liberals are against Trump's wall, but will gladly take a trip all the way to Huairou to visit the Great Wall of China and call it breathtaking.
Build the X Ray border!
The guy in the wall is legit retarded lol x ray border? Wtf
This guy answering the questions in the white shirt is a fucking moron. 

Maybe we can have cops riding super fast unicorns patrolling the border until it disappears in the next 5-10 years. 

He plans on being the governor!!!
"I want to be the Governor of New Mexico." Doesn't believe in boarders. Wants to legalize and tax everyone. Want boarder controls. Admits that some people might not want to become legal and pay taxes. Takes both sides of an issue within one train of thought. Born politician.
Why was that Hispanic guy so eager to sit down, when he clearly has no idea on the subject?
I have been waiting for this since 2016...
These need to be at least an hour long man
God that one guy was so fucking stupid. Jesus Christ, holy fuck. He needs his ass beaten, change my mind
I don't agree with the wall for any reason other than I don't know what it would do to the ecosystem. I wonder if it would displace animals or inhibit migration
The Spanish guy has no clue.. Tax illegals that have little money and get jobs under the table?
When he said he would have to sit with masterminded individuals i just laughed.10:11
He wants them tagged... Like cattle. 
#FreeTommy
Imigrants dont go alone to other countries, they bring their mindset.
If the majority of US is Venezuelan, then Venezuela it becomes.
This is the shitholezation of a country.
"I'm against borders and walls and documenting immigrants, but I want to make everyone pass a test and get a S.S.# and a scan-able card that registers them as they cross the non-existent border so we know who is coming in and out."    So what he is saying is: "build the wall... it's very 'scientifical'".  Don't quit your day job, moron.
Like scientificah,and poop and boss hogs
How does this man attract so many retards
I'm like the first woman interviewed. I'm all for the upholding of our immigration laws but not for building a wall for several reasons. 1) The border of America goes through people's backyards and private property will have to be siezed if a wall is built on the entire border. 2) A wall is just not cost effective. For anyone that uses the argument that we will just charge Mexico for it, when there is a new tax on something most of the time the tax gets put on the consumer. Trump can say that we will put tarrifs or charge them for the wall but it will be mostly be paid for my taxes of American citizens.
Xray border... lmao
I've said too many times.. this idiot in office wants a wall..  it's not going to work... why not instead the billions of dollars that he's asking for.. why not re enforce customs and border patrol agencies , recruit more personnel and better their equipment... right there he would be killing two birds with one stone... more jobs along the border in personnel in general... make the border into an area 51.
I honestly think if youll pay your taxes and you can speak a sufficient amount of English then youre smart enough to be a citizen. The naturalization test should be just a bit more lax because I would bet a large amount of actual citizens couldnt pass it as it is now.
Im praying for New Mexico if that shmuck ever becomes governor
You're a dick. You blurred out her face but used her real voice and showed her entire body. That defeats the purpose of blurring out her face if you don't modify her voice. You think people who know her wont put 2 and 2 together. Even I could identify her with that. From her voice to her weight. Down to her hair color and style. Down to the bag she carries and glasses she wears. If she lived in a community I was in even with that blurred face I could tell who she was. She told you about people in her complex and you still used her real voice even when she tried to mask what she was saying in order to not get hurt. Yet you still subliminally text out the things she was saying to you. 

You're an asshole. Plus spending billions of dollars on a wall is idiotic. When it was already proven that they use tunnels, cargo containers, and use boats to travel to mountain areas or certain areas in the U.S. to get in. Use that money that was promised they would pay for. Yet apparently we cant use it to help out Puerto Rico, Hawaii, Flint Michigan, New Orleans, etc. You know like actual U.S. areas. It's like the priorities are all messed up. Next we'll build walls separating people by how much they make and what class they are in. I'm not talking about Gated Communities but actual Counties and Districts. Thus preventing people who want to achieve more and get that dream job. They wont be able to because of their class bracket. It'll be no different then Ben Affleck SyFy show the Incorporated or the T.V. series the Colony. Being it's already started with the class system we have now where urban schools receive way worse books and facilities. Yet manage to get drug stores, liquor stores, and gas stations with cartons of cigarettes and alcohol with processed foods pumped into ever other block. Where job opportunities are scarce and if a job reaches a quota on the amount of minorities they receive. Those even with degrees are left back to struggle within their own communities they worked hard to try to get out of. Now once you add a wall this wont effect just minorities. This would infect all urban, and middle class societies. Next certain hospital facilities will be restricted to a certain class of people and those without a higher tax bracket from a certain district wont receive the same medical treatment. This happens already now. Yet watch it get worse. This wall is a bad idea because it sends out the wrong message. That we can disconnect ourselves from people by putting up a wall. This will only lead into a chain reaction that ends up being implemented in our own soil; which will lead to martial law. This is the same reasons why they are pushing so hard for us to get rid of our guns. First its our guns, next its a ton of walls, then its  robots fully taking over our jobs being its happening already, then its martial law and a curfew. Machines like Atlas, AI like Google Duplex and OpenAI will take over the work environment and secretary and office work. Your child will grow up being taken care of by robots like Pepper from SoftBank. Call me a conspiracy theorist. Yet the moment humans who worked the assembly line got laid off for automated machines. You got a robot speaking to you to set up a service or to track a package and no longer a human operator. This is just one step closer with this wall to separate us from rallying together. Being even now people are being manipulated in different areas to think badly of certain areas that aren't even as bad as they seem. Now picture once walls goes up everywhere. 

This wall is a terrible idea which will be one of many on our own soil. Being we already signed and passed a law to kill and bomb U.S. citizens and residents within our country. I don't think people realize how bad of an idea this is.  Funny how all these shows and movies predict the same exact thing. To which most of it is coming to fruition now. It's even highlighted in Philip K. Dick's Electric Dreams (2017 ) 'Kill All Others' episode. Being that is not that far from what's happening now.
Dude, please!!! Give a warning if you're going to waste a whole video on a word vomiting person.
USA is fucked
Do you have any X-ray scanner shirts on LWC.com? I'll take a shmedium. TIA
"An x-ray border."
Building the wall seems like it would be ineffective and cost a lot of money. But That's what I think.
This is the problem. Eveyone wants to bitch but nobody  can come up with a better solution.
Americans aren't idiots change my mind
Govener of new Mexico 
He had to have L E R O Y  for a name huh ?!?  
That fucker had me laughing so hard I burned my fried chicken and pinto beans...
Omfg that guy  what is comprehension?what is fiction? 
Building the wall would really fuck up animal migration. And obviously Mexico isnt going to pay for it, but the American people will. Majority of the illegal immigrants migrate by over staying their visas and traveling by plane. Just to putting this out there, Mexico isnt the highest migrators anymore. Chinese and other Latin American people are beating them by numbers..
Crowder for President 2020???
"But I dont want the Wall-uhh...its should be a freeform x-ray thing or something"
once babies get micro-chipped at birth, his x-ray border idea won't sound nearly as crazy as it does now.
freeloaders & cheap pricks huh? sounds like you are still cashing checks....schmuck.
I got an ad for crtv with a change my mind episode
Crowder's face at the end, I'm dead.
We can't keep everyone that crosses from Mexico and nor should we unless they contribute to our society. These other countries like Mexico need to start trying to improve their quality of life for their own citizens. There's no reason for the shit going on now. On the flipside I'm for streamlining our current system a little bit like I said before we should be picky about who comes in and enforce our current laws on the Mexican  border. The wall is fine  with me. Then post border patrol in the areas between where the wall can't be built.
The dooooooooooode 
I thought not gay Jared and Steven's wife were a liberal couple hanging around ready to interject their opinions when things got too triggering for like half the video lol
Love the Butthead face after the first guy. Lol
What the fuuuuu. 3% of a particular demographic is responsible for 1/3 of homicides in the US? Bro, holy shit. Thats not whats goin. I mean do you expect us as a society to grab our ankles on this? Not happening anytime soon, fam.
X-ray boarder... Ok son did you do drugs beforehand?
That first one wasn't fair.   She was drunk
That one guys clearly doesn't understand anything about immigration and illegal immigrants
Damn I wish I could speak to Steven Crowder about this topic. He seems like a very reasonable guy I even subscribed to his channel because I appreciate the platform he created that allows for open civil discussion.
The only technological thing that could come close to his imagination would be a sort of laser system. Lasers can project great distances detecting individuals crossing over the board. Possibly engineering a software that allows a 2d image being projected on a screen showing an outline of the individual. With the outline it could possibly show the back packs for mules. I dont think anything like that exist, but that seems to be his image, just slightly more put together and thought out. But this still defeats the purpose of any sort of invisible detection system at the wall, because there is still a need to detain the individual. With no Barrier it gives a chance of evasion from the officers.
'Electronic ID tag'
I'm pretty sure illegals don't commit 37% of homicides.... 

where did you get that number? Because even if you take ALL hispanics in the U.S not just the illegal ones the number is lower than 37%. Unless nigerian and polish illegals are just massacring people
The big brother mentality personified.... make them do it and tag them with a micro chip if they don't..... WTF.
they just debunked that immigrants commiting crimes stat on the news lol
I love how Crowder has been sitting in the middle of the table for the past few videos lmao I wonder if thats a technique against the guest speakers
7:35 easy, from a circus, he's a clown!
Anti-wallers have the big homo-gay
I think you should argue with someone at your level ... these people dont have the knowledge/argumentation necessary for a productive talk.
Wow... this kid is an abject moron who seems to think borders only exist in one place instead of across several thousand miles....
That face at the end lmfaooo the Brain is shook
Crowders face at the end says it all 
That guy made all of man kind look dumb
I'm not for building a wall but damn some of these arguements are dumb as hell focus on yourself folks Americans are idiots
I'm all for immigration reform, it's been a long time coming. Theres really 2 reasons I oppose the wall. First is Trump said Mexico would pay for it not the American people... Second the wall Trump likes looks like the Berlin Wall with the fat round top so it's hard to get over. I don't want no Berlin wall. Honestly that dude wasn't very informed on the bored situation but one thing he was right on was eventually hopefully there will be no more borders, it's far from my lifetime but I do believe that. Being raised in a Mixed family, my sister is half black.. My mom was a Single white mother, both our fathers committed violent crimes and did time.. Fatherless household, lived on the system until my mother educated herself, graduated from college an got her degree. Lived in cars, trailers, houses. My life has had it's hard moments. I've always been told to vote for Democrats I always did, not really educating myself. The older I got the one thing I hold as my standard in life is "Be Accountable for Youself" being on the system as a child you understand that you work hard, invest right, diversify ur finances but whatever you do don't blame other people for your lack of effort. Pretty much I'm saying I agree w a lot of conservative views and values but the wall jus isn't one. Honest I'm okay with ice removing anyone who is here illegally that's committed a felony and changing standards for immigration enforcement. I jus don't think the wall is the right answer. I don't wanna pay for it, it looks like The Berlin Wall and let's face it the money to maintain it keep it running would be staggering high and people are jus gonna find a way around it maybe even through it.. Don't waste the money on that..
I genuinely hope that man never becomes the governor of any state in the Union.
Its too bad this video is so short. I love watching these while I do homework which usually takes awhile
Wow this was a hilarious video from a hilarious comedian!
I like the shorts
My Several Ideas Some Good, Some Bad.

1. Just Build The Wall And Have Patrols Daily And All That Good Jazz.

2. Upgrade Our Surveillance  Technology Such As A Very High Tech Cameras That Can Scan Faces To See If Their U.S. Civilians Or Nah. Also Use Special Ground Surveillance Machines That Send Pulses Into The Ground, And Identify Tunnels And Stuff Like That.

3. Threaten To Execution All Illegal Immigrants If They Are Found.

4. Blow Up The World

5. Cut Mexico Of From The U.S.  With A Giant Saw.

6. Line The Border With A Bunch Of Screeching Liberals, Definitely Will Scare Them Off.

Obviously Several Of These Are Satire, This Is A Joke. Used To I Wouldnt Have To Say That But In This Day In Age Everything Needs A Disclaimer If Ya Dont Want To Get Screwed By People.
It seems to me that most of these people haven't thought through their opinions just going off emotional arguments.
Please don't run for Governor sir.
I have a feeling that guy has had some contact with some of those drugs that are coming over the border...
Xray wall the greatest thing i've ever heard, Get this built right now
Build it
how can people be THIS dumb?
Crazy to think how many ignorant people there are out there.
Just got a Trump ad before the video.
That last dude was something
Bar code... you mean a passport... that document that Americans use when they travel to other countries... the legal way! Wow!!! Way to invent something that has already been in place for many years... dare I say before you were born. Jose. Or whatever your name was. I will call you dumbass.
Everyone for open borders should have citizenship revoked and deported. Open borders is war against nations and pure evil. If we deport all illegals,  socialists, and cultural marxists the west would experience the greatest prosperity and freedom.  Nations are for patriots not traitors and invaders
"so an x-ray border?"
I don't know what to think of that second guy
Kid has ADD
he is not practical at all. i'm a computer software engineer. we still need a physical gateway. and those id tags are already here in the form of government database. its just more physical. doesn't make sense. the guy is just over the top stupid dumbfuck.
Steven "I appreciate you" crowder
An X-Ray Border...LITERALLY THE MOST CANCEROUS IDEA EVER.
Is that an ad? WOW
Scientifical
I was waiting the entire final 6 minutes of this video for the glare of disbelief into the camera.
Sad turn out but the lady was really cool that's someone who is proud to be here and wants change. However the wall should be built. Long ago people didn't like how easy it was for someone or something to get them when they slept, they built walls problem minimized. Not solved but minimized! Humanly issues are never really solved see as we all are culturally different.
Crowder..... The guy that you spoke to, he is mentally ill, he is the type of person that is a ticking time bomb, he needs some serious mental health, hes going to either hurt himself or someone else, possibly both
How about interviewing someone with an IQ over 70?
An X-ray Border!?
Why can't we just have freakin sharks with laser beams on their heads?
the last guy described the beginning's of the mark of the beast...tag everybody give them a number so when they walk through an xray machine automatically scans them .and decides if they automatically belomg
AH HA HA HA!!!!!! Do this again with more sit downs!!!!
Like this if youre paying for the wall after you were told you were PROMISED you werent
Didnt get a notification
BUILD THAT WALL!! #maga
That first lady is so fucking stupid lol
Just tax em 
Lol illegal aliens are the last people who pay their share of taxes.
We will build the wall and then in a few years when the next dem takes office they will have it torn down. Waste of money. I'm not against the idea of a wall, I just think with the debt we have we should maybe just hire more boarder patrol or something else. When the democrats tear it down they will call themselves liberators and convince their followers that they are hero's.
Well Im low on brain cells thanks to this video
9:50 + the X-ray border thing and I was literally asking myself if I could really be hearing this.
But Steven, the totally confounded look on your face at the end made this worth it.
2012, according to thre DEA 93% of the Cocaine Manufactured in South america comes over the US border from Mexico.
Yes.  No wall but an unavoidable deathray along the border...and bull sharks with lasers in the Rio Grand.   Dr. Evil can build it for us.
Know when to shut the fuck up.
Cocaine is a helluva drug
We wouldn't have to come here in the first place if only you imperialists stayed the hell out of our affairs and allow us to build communism in our Mexico!
lmao what a moron
Steven's thicc thighs give me life
America is going to become a shithole.. With no border.
Was that guy adding A's to the end of words or was I hearing things?
Steve!! You had a CRTV ad. I down thumbed because it was hate speech of course but very cool.
I agree with a lot of you views but this one is such a waste of money
man i would love to talk with you on this, i believe i can chat with an opposite argument with you on this matter and have an agreement, bummer im not in the states rn
I do like your show, but please try to vet your participants and make sure they know how to speak fluently and intellengently before you set up a camera for them. Thank you
Leroy for Governor 20NEVER, lets make it happen people!!
"scientifical"
Build The X-Ray Gate
This show gets more boring everytime I see it. Id rather watch Ben Shapiro
What is this guy on?
Maybe we could get Bernie Sanders input on this wall so it will be "FREE!"
fuck you... im not cheap im poor... greedy littl...............
Undocumented workers are 3.5% of the population and account for over 30% of the countries homicides.

That stat blew my mind.
If anyone wants to know what marijuana does to people, try and listen to the gentlemen in the white shirt that follows the first lady.  It's like listening to an 8 ball.
X-ray border 2020 anyone?
Liberal: building a wall won't stop illegal immigrants, so why build it??

Conservative: Gun laws won't stop criminals from buying guns, so why make it harder for the law abiding?

Same liberal: crickets
The wall is still a thing? Is Mexico gonna pay for it?
I personally think borders are important, but wall seems like a waste of money.
#xrayborder
This 'human from another mother that isn't mine' (is that how you safely refer to another person now-a-days?!?) is so stupid, I'm sorry ... oh yeah, he(?) would make a GREAT governor of a US State!!! :(
I like the Walther shirt.
I did not know anyone could find someone dumber than your common progressive liberal. Yet it has been documented here.
We need to build a wall on the Canadian and Mexican border!!! Time to stop all immigration!!
I'm still confused like you just want a wall to go from where to where? I mean it sounds dumb to me
"We don't borders or walls to enforce borders!"  Suggests a BORDER.  Try and fail to explain solution to a problem where a wall would be the solution.  (   )
I agree that protecting against illegal immigrants is important, but that wall would be too expensive in my opinion. I think maybe a couple mounted m50s every couple hundred yards would do the trick.
Drugs-uh
LOL you do not even have to think about it... ABSOLUTELY 100% of illegal immigrants commit crime. THE ACT OF CROSSING THE BORDER ILLEGALLY IS A CRIME THAT IS BEING COMMITTED BY EVERY SINGLE ONE OF THEM.
How you gonna put electronic tags on people who haven't been to the country? We gonna fly over Mexico and drop RFID tags on them?
OOF
That guy is definitely crazy, but he genuinely seems to have thought about the issues on his own.  much more admirable than the typical leftist ideologues
Long sleeves don't go with shorts. Change my mind.
The guy in the white shirt made my soul hurt.
Also, I was hoping more people would try to argue the position.
The wall is unrealistic the cost is too high and planes exist tunnels are a thing what about a rope
Is Stephen not wearing pants?
Haha this guy is going to run for governor of New Mexico?  Sorry, but even they are not that stupid.
Use the space force to drop moon missles on illegals.
I plan on becoming the governor of New Mexico....  Right buddy.
He wants to run for governor?
That cat wants rfid and open borders???? He hasn't thought that through at all.
Dude. Were you outside of a mental handicap place?? Like that woman and that guy were completely incompetent. 

I wouldn't even have posted this. Lol. 

It would be like me going to a "Just People" center 
For mentally handicapped people. And arguing about capitalism. These people were very slow.
Can someone tell me where the mastermind individuals are? Oh, aisle three near the scientifical rays? Thanks, Gov!
That guy is either really crazy as hell, or high as fuck, but I love his ideas, he is thinking outside the box, in a future method I can get behind, but his head is in the future, not the present.
At 12 minutes my brain exploded.
Does nobody care about Mexico as a country, like how could they improve if all they're able bodied people are crossing over the border? Is the end goal to just have them all move in and we just buy their land because they are incapable of improving?
That last guy, on drugs.
If that guy became governor of bikini bottom we would be fucked
That first guy gave me a fucking migraine........
Building the wall would be a waste of a great amount of money and resorces for our country, sience illegal inmigration its on a all time low, and the majority of illegal inmigrants don't access the country through the border, but by air.
Wtf when dude starts with the X-ray crap please end the back and forth. He's obviously out of his mind
A country without borders is not a country
I like that dude he seems like a good guy
>_> fuck I hate when crowder just puts in these people with obviously no clue what they're talking about; I AM SURE YOU HAD PEOPLE WITH ACTUAL POINTS ABOUT A WALL, TALK TO THEM YOU DIPSHIT "INTELLECTUAL"
That guy is sooooooooooo high.
Those shorts you're wearing need to be deported.
That guy is an idiot
I understand there's a time restriction and that you usually don't have much time yourselves but I would of love this video being longer but I still enjoy watching it and hope you go back to this again down the road !.
That guy was beyond high or he was just suffering from retardation
That dude was on some of those smuggled drugs.....WTF?
Meth is popular with him, no?
Yeah, lets build a big fucking wall. Our strained and ridiculous deficit can handle it. It's not like anyone in the past has built a great wall to keep people out. It's not like most illegals come here LEGALLY
the guy at 10:55 is a wannabee elon musk. he doesn't know what he is talking about but trying to sound like some silicon valley scientist. fucking dumb fuck
He basically says "Makes us free to go where we want, but monitored 24/7 by the government  with a chip like they put in your dogs so they don't get lost... ffs...
X-Ray border....smh, this dumbass.
That dumbass said oh Im not Mexican. And my family came from Spain and lived in Mexico since Dumbass youre fucking Mexican idiot
Well done for shooting down terrible arguments? Can you see how being intelligent yourself and talking to idiots about a topic might misrepresent the debate? A one vs. one with a star soccer player from Italy against a player from under 18's from France isn't an accurate insight into which country is better at the sport
Leroy is very Scientifical..
People are dumb
Tip for governments: make sure legal immigrants dont bring down the average iq like the guy in the white shirt does
That guy in the latter half of the video was probably on his way to buy a few baggies
Toss those shorts out Steven
My Girlfriends, twin-sisters, husband is about to be deported back to Cocainville, Mexico. He needs to take his damn kids with him.
I'm knew to this whole scene but how are you going to tax people who aren't here legally and you don't even know are in the country?
4:17 LMAO I feel like Crowders wife new that dude was on something from the get-go.
Man, that Spanish guy is worse than Trump! I bet the government loves this guy!
The majority of Americans are not racist: change my mind

Feminism is not about equality: change my mind 

Islam isn't the religion of peace: change my mind 

Big government is a bad thing: change my mind 

Socialism always ends in starvation and genocide: change my mind 

Monogamy is a good thing: change my mind 

Abstinence is a good thing: change my mind

Comment wich one you would like to see.
4:20 we might find some areas where we disagree and we might find some areas where we disagree. Probably a mistake but still very true
i'm glad crowder handled that situation with the legal Mexican-American immigrant woman the way he did, it's honestly sad and it really brings truth to the argument for immigration reform when someone lives in the same complex as illegal aliens is so afraid to report crimes that she has to ask someone she didn't even know for help out of fear, not that she would be deported, but that the aliens would out her and force her to go on the run
Good thing New Mexico would never elect such a complete town to Governor. Oh wait.
lol wait. Steven. You are a "build the wall" person?
I mean. Dude. I'm all about better immigration policies. And I believe In a metaphorical  wall. 
But a physical wall is so dumb and a waste of money. And won't accomplish anything lol. 


Physical wall = absolute autism. 

Strict penalties for illegal immigrants who commit felonies. = good idea 

Being deported. And being caught a second time commuting a crime = minimum 15 years in prison. 

Make the stakes much higher for being a criminal that commits felonies in America. And especially for multiple offenders. 
Like if we build a "metaphorical" wall. It would be much more effective than building a concrete fence. 
So many people come into the country legally. And then stay illegally.
When one hasnt been taught how to think and reason, one doesnt readily submit for an interview :)
That guy was definitely "Cringe My Mind" material. X-Ray ha ha ha
I feel the wall wouldnt be used to keep people out. It would be used to keep us in.
The wall is not the best approach i thing punish the employers heavily that way if they are no jobs no incentives to come,  and the only reason they bring drugs its because of the low life addicts of heroin Americans are
3 years spent thinking, and he came up with xray borders lmao
God bless that first woman and you too for protecting her privacy
Neocons push stupid ideas like walls and no path to citizenship but they will NEVER go after the companies employing them because neocons don't care about imagration , they care about their rich donors. 

Stay woke.
That guy was incredibly boring. He wanted to speak to just for the sake of speaking. Didnt come across as intelligent or coherent at all.
I agree with that dude..let's put  it at Disneyland too.. lol
If illegals were law-abiding people, they wouldn't be here ILLEGALLY.  Instead they cross the border and stick their middle finger up at our laws, our people, and immigrants who came here legally. If that is their first act upon entering America, what do you suspect they will do when encountering our other laws?
an xray wall scanning people whom are marked with electric chips.

a techno fascist who wants to give illegals cancer too. 

what a terrible idea. solving the illegal immigration problem by giving them a good blasting of a cancer beam is amusing and all, but uh, ill pass. keep x-rays in the hospitals.
Govener... I hope not
Hey this guy is the next Governor of New Mexico.  You heard it on Crowder first.
Illegal immigrants are a net gain on the GDP. Debate over.
Crowder please delete this video and cut out the lady with the purse would be a shame if she got found and executed because your video
lmao thanks for the content
So the guy who comes in around the 5:00 mark is against having a border but how would we enforce a chip or X-ray system? 
Can't believe these were the most interesting interviewers. Complete morons, there is no hope for the western world.
The last guy was retarded...
Me personally i'm kind of for and against it cause one you have border security but two its just this wall thats sitting there it just doesn't feel right to me i think if we have some sort of military presence there or something and reinforce our fences and have ground sensors (if thats a thing).
I had to stop watching this. That dude has the most annoying voice/accent/whatever the fuck how he was accentuating a's at the end of words.
yo this first dude is living in the year 3520
ITS OUT YES!!!!!
That bloke was delusional.
This was hilarious!! Didn't get any half logical or mildly informative opinions out of these people, but certainly got a few laughs!
That one dude said "aa" at almost every other word
i was on the streets and dealt drugs for 17 years and YES the MAJORITY of the drugs come up from the Mexican border. like 90 percent. the wall will help because much of the drugs comes up in backpacks lugged up by grunts who have to do it or the cartel will kill their mom!
More BP agents would be a better investment. I do believe the wall is a waste of tax dollars and the cost to maintain it. Boots on the ground is what makes a difference I've seen what they've done to the few walls we currently have its a joke.
I think the wall would be a waste of time and money do u think they don't have ladders in Mexico or dig tunnels
Hmm, i kind of understand the idea of having an advanced technological border, instead of the man-made version. Like for example, you put one pillar at Californias border and one pillar at the Texas border. And then you would have this like holographic field between the pillars, so that anybody who goes through the holographic border without any access key, it would notify the authorities your exact location as crossing the border illegally. And the access key would be like a futuristic version of a passport. You would have to buy that key at a checkpoint before crossing the holographic wall. Its more a sci-fi idea, but who knows, it might happen.
That Spainard's been oppressing the Mexican people for 500 years, we don't need his racist guilt hear. Deport Lee Roy Trouble..... I want a Space Force hat
is the guy for real???...he really should sell his brain on e-bay...he would make a fortune...that brain has never been used before
This guy sitting down with Steven is on some type of drug
It's getting to the point that I can't watch these.
2nd guy had a half decent message with terrible execution. X-ray border 
The monitoring wall could be an okay idea seeing as we can possibly send Infared Radiation waves from space(sattelite kind of idea) down to the boarders to be aware of traffic. Besides that this guy is a moron
You need to blur her out more, people can still make her out seriously!!!
I'm a christian, change my mind.
Beyonc a thot: change my mind. 

At least youd get lot of interviews and people would make better more coherent arguments than Leroy here
This second dude had the most hilarious responses and i could not stop laughing. "Masterminds" "x-rays"
Umm.. So, he wants to chip the immigrants? Like dogs? He needs a little more than a few "scientists" to make that work, lol
Can we deport that dude for being such a dumbass!
Dont like videos like this get posted
I saw a post on instagram that children were being take from their parents at the border and out in cages does any one have any information on this. Also thought it would be an interesting topic for louder with crowder.
Not the best CMM ...
I got an ad that was a clip of the last change my mind what?
Homosexuality is gay
Change my mind
What percent commit crime? Uuuh 100% of them if they are ILLEGAL!
The Spanish dude, or as he claims, was just running his mouth without solutions or understanding the depth of the conversation. Complete libtard view of the situation with no logical or intelligent solution. Should have cut him off after the first minute and brought on someone that made sense.
Mr. Trujillo is the kind of representation their side gets alllllllllllll the credit in the world for.  Idiotic, nonsensical rambling and the hilarious sense of false pride that follows.... I mean, how do these people even function day to day?  Oh, yeah, welfare.
This is against a wall but essentially wants to bar code them
That Mexican is fucken stupid. How can anyone be that dumb?
This second guy you talked to was just a mess.
the guy who is also recording himself and his idea of X-ray I.D idea comes from the Arnold Schwarzenegger film Total Recall.
Club mug
That poor lady's gonna go missing 
all races except whites have an ethnostate.
People like that young man are a strong argument for competency testing for voters.
I'm honored to have listened to the future governor of New Mexico. Truly shocking and inspiring
I just feel like spending so much money on a wall will just be a waste. I believe that the best way to stop immigration is to go to the source of it. People are leaving harsh conditions of life. From being in poverty, gang violence, and corrupt governments, people are risking there lives for a better life for their kids. If we go and try and fix all these problems in central america, immigration would slow down a lot more then a wall. But again thats my opinion.
Really? A wall is pointless. Yes folks come via the Rio Grande, but so many illegals come over from other means. Thusmore, once that wall is constructed, these illegal immigrants will utilize those other methods.

We need harsher consequences for the businesses that employ illegals. No money, no good way of life. They go back home.
One thing you have to get straight between the parties when beginning this discussion--you're going to think it's silly, but it's entirely necessary--is that you have to make sure that the anti-wall party understands that there is a process for legal immigration. I know it sounds dumb, and that it can't be possible that many people don't know that curtailing illegal immigration doesn't mean "no immigrants," but that's where we are. When someone says "We need to stop illegal immigration," all they hear is total xenophobia, and therefore racism, and they've been conditioned to think racism is the worst thing that could possibly be.
I just got an ad from the previous video u uploaded lol
Let's number people and group them all up! Wait.. sounds a little Third Reichy
Why would you want to build such a pointless piece of construcion. It only burdens our citizens. No other country is going to pay for it. Just millions more in debt.
XRAYS ARE MAGIC
That fake mexican just further proves Crowders point on building the wall to prevent morons like him crossing to the states...
How do you put the electronic chip in them? This guy can't even follow his own idea.
I wonder if he's referencing the Dan Aykroyd conehead movie, catch'em put a little chip in them if they come back over the Border we have the X-ray boom
Wow this dude is an idiot
This was really bad why would you even put this out.... these people cant even finish a thought wtf
The second guy thinks he's a genius lmao.
Shout out to the guy wearing the Tyler junior college shirt
BUILD THE X-RAY WALL! If anyone crosses without a chip/tag/Id, have a laserbeam destroy them!
Crowder is on steroids, change my mind
Building a wall would never work because businesses love using illegals for "cheap labour". As much ass they bitch and complain openly they love paying people under the table and not giving them benefits!
this lady is a little of the rockers
Cheap prick.  The mug club is pretty expensive.
Congrats on 2 mil!
How about no , BUILD THAT WALL
Thank you for this short video. I'm always busy and can't watch those 30-minute or 50-minute video.
How can we truly tell the percentage of illegals commit other crimes? We don't know how many there are!!
WTF  is the Legalization of marijuana a good idea lol what a retard
Lmao that first dude xD real smart cookie we have here
Americans dont even want to pay taxes what makes the second guy think illegal immigrants are going to want to
The first woman sums it up. Extremely low intelligence. Constantly contradictory.
Wow, that dude was all over the place. So basically he wants to let illegals in the country and track them like animals? How about not letting them in unless they come in LEGALLY in the first place. That guy might want to get his shit straight before he runs for Governor of New Mexico.
Build the wall and deport all illegals.
SvenComputer is an AI, change my mind
He just needs a few masterminds to plan it out and then bam he will have it .  Logic
Boss hog
I had to laugh at the claim that the Opiod Crisis is anything but illicit drug trafficking. The peak of illegal/fraudulent prescriptions was in early 2010. The spike in opiod deaths via overdose didn't start until after DACA was enacted (with the last few years having ever increasing numbers of deaths). The poppy fields in Mexico have tripled in size since 2015, the amount of Fentanyl and Carfentanil being seized in the US has exploded in the last threee years. But, it's the pharmaceutical companies maaaaaaaaaaannnnnnnnnnn. 

Carfentanil is a strictly controlled substance, the amount manufacturered for scientific use in the United States is 19 grams. There have been pounds of this stuff seized in drug busts in the last few months. It is being made in China and Mexico and either shipped under surreptitious means (mailed to Canada via China and labelled as printer parts) or trafficked via bipeds via Mexico. The cartels aren't stupid, they're going to use whatever means necessary to get their customers hooked on as strong a stuff as possible to keep them buying. If they die, oh well. The cartels pose a much greater risk to the US than radical Islam IMO.
I strongly disagree to building the wall but I am in extreme favor of immigration reform.
Open borders is economical suicide.
i feel like the second guy had half his brain cells killed by smoking too much pot
You blurred the first womans face but not her Id badge around her neck lol
"That's not my wallet" @ 2:20
Magically make them citizens for no reason other than, they are here"...... idiot. I know immigrants who have gone through and passed the citizen test. Even they would laugh and feel insulted by some imaginary shit like this. X-ray gate.... There is definitely intelligent Latinos out there...they were not here today.
ouchie that hurts my brain
We need a space force change my mind
Wow that first dude was a moron. So no dont build a wall but forcefully track. Sounds like a huge invasion of privacy...
That second dude was on crack or plain tarded 
of all the "change my mind" videos, this one has been the hardest yet to watch....
Bruh... I'm pretty sure the chick from the last one is there
Liberalism, find a cure.
Worst change my mind ever
Anyone have any footage of an actual wall being built yet? I'd love to see it.
 Taxation is theft.
So everyone should be tagged? And monitored by satellites etc? Like rfid or gps chips??
How do you stop illegal immigration? "Just tax them. Like make illegal immigration legal immigration." How stupid are you?
"Mastermind individuals" I can't ....
Steven I'm sorry you had to sit through that conversation.
The guy with the camera makes my brain hurt.
Build a wall!  GO TRUMP RETARDS! Hahahahahahahahahah MAGA!
The guy with the rucksack is out of his depth. He really hasn't thought this through.
"Scientifical" is my new favorite word.
Its kind of sad that dude in the white shirt has some sort of show. Mosty because hes a fucking idiot.
That dudes idea is scary for all of Americans citizens and I feel terrible for that women I hope she was able to get the help she needed and stay safe in the process
That last guy was on Adderall
Cringe worthy interviews...
I wish I could argue this point with Crowder. I personally disagree with the physical wall for multiple reason. For one, I think our tax money could be much better spent. But the more important matter is the symbolic meaning of the wall. Building a wall along our southern border creates a certain tension that discourages people from entering the States LEGALLY. It psychologically enforces an idea that Mexican immigrants are not welcome in America. This could, and possibly would create even further tension between us and Mexico. Its just not a decision I can bring myself to support. Now I do agree with the concept of immigration reform for the protection of American citizens, but not in the form it seems that it will take. When we discuss immigration reform, we are more often than not speaking of either our southern border, or immigrants from West Asia. I dont want to create a reform that is harsher on certain groups of people than they are on others. This is because all people are equally capable of evil and isolating certain groups not only weakens the security of our country, but also creates tension between us and the groups we are isolating. This might be the longest comment Ive ever posted on YouTube lol.
I feel like building the wall is a huge waste of money.
It doubt it's gonna stop people from crossing the border illegally.
Why so short?
Water is wet change my mind
That lonely x-ray scanner on the boarder would be hilarious.
You should cut the lady from the video completely. You showing her, even with a blurred face, might put her in great danger.
Why is this the greatest country idiot?  How about freedom, individualism, set of values, way of life.   Yea let's just let em pour in so we can disappear as a nation, and then make sure everyone is chipped so you can be monitored 24 hrs. a day.               Dang that's dumb.
SOVEREIGNTY is literally the 1st thing required for a successful country... Nobody likes traffic, lines, not getting a job, not making enough money, not having enough stuff... But they believe anyone in the world who wants to come has a right to enter the USA. Under that logic a homeless person has the right to enter your home... Morons breeding morons...
The last person Crowder spoke to, kind of remind me of someone hmmm?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uAguP-zY2AA
I support tougher measures against illegal immigration for sure, but I think the wall is overkill. Mainly because of the expense. I want less government spending damnit.
This poor guy does not know what in the hell he is talking about.
Start shooting them. Catch send them back right away. Mexico has a large southern wall.
This wasnt productive at all. Obviously these people dont have any idea about what theyre talking about, at least get someone on who can formulate a coherent thought and argument. This video was just made to make people who dont agree with a wall look like ignorant fools.
So we shouldn't have a border to keep track of people entering and leaving the country... but we should have a machine keep track. At the border. That wouldn't exist... and I'm sure people who are already breaking the law by entering illegally would totally just obey the law and make sure they got these id tags and stuff and they would DEFINITELY tell the truth when asked their reason for being there. Right. Sounds legit.
The man went in with no plan... LEEEEEROOOYYY
Congrats on 2 million subs Crowder. Dem caan stop yuh!
Second guy is an idiot.
I want to build it... stop Hispanics from turning America into a 3rd world latino shit hole.
That dude been watching too many science fiction movies
I think he wants to tag all humans with RFID tags, and put RF transceivers around the city to track everyone at all times. Orwell would be proud.
Next time try to find someone with a higher IQ to debate. This guy is a flake!
A wall or no wall doesn't stop internationalists from tipping their hats to foreigners anyhow; the only reason they utilize the immigration system to vulcanize  Nations  is because that chip is on the table. Foreigners coming to this country by The Graces of Rogue government it doesn't matter what the rules when our representatives don't even follow them. To boot, most foreigners come in here on visas and never leave...
"borders a thing of the past" an "x ray scanner" wtf, i look at the wall idea from a tactical standpoint, cant the aliens just dig under it and it will cost billions of dollars. but it will create lots of jobs tho. for immigrants and aliens, now how ironic is that. they should of talked about how would a wall work. Im all for enforced borders but i dont think a wall will work.
You should do "trump is the best(or one of the best) president/s we've ever had
White shirt was a retard LOL
Second guy was 100% on meth.
...And so like, uh like were like a, we need to just like, uh, let them in and tax them, just tax'm. Get like, umm, uh, llke borders and like, did I mention I want to be GOV Leroy. Rays man, like the scientifical type'a'ray that, uh like could scan your kinda, like'uh, digital code man.....uh, yeah brah ---- We call this Kalifornia Cognitive Retardation Syndrome, and it's finding its way into YOUR neighborhood next LMAO!
They're not sending their best
dude wants us to be chipped at birth to be tracked by the A.I overlord in the future.
New Mexico isn't a city bud
We should all have RFID Chip in our right hand or in our forehead to track us all.... Lol
Shoot to kill on sight with an armed guard every half mile on border. Just kill em.
So the border will be lined with millions of pre-cranked Jack-In-The-Box's, right. And everytime and illegal alien accidentally hits one, it will cause a domino effect. Box after box will go off until it reaches the nearest ICE checkpoint. At that point, the ICE agents will get on their flying reindeer and swoop up the illegals with salsa powered portal guns which automatically transports them to the neareat detention facility. I'm still ironing out the details. I really need to bounce it off some other individuals, but yeah, that's basically how we'll fix it. If you are an individual and have some ideas, hit me up.
"I don't want a wall, I want a more expensive technology that doesn't exist."
God help New Mexico if that dude becomes the governor
Speaking as a professional pothead, that kid was as high AF
I mostly agree with the Spanish dude. Any illegal aliens (since they're already in the country) the government (instead of wasting tax money rounding them up and deporting them) might as well just get them to take some sort of qualifying course that initiates them into being an American Citizen. Put them into the system, get them paying taxes and putting money into the community and business. This was probably horribly worded but yeah, that's my thoughts.
pretty sure the guy in white was on something.
"I'm not Mexican, I'm Spanish, my family have been there since 1550s!!"  Mate, you're Mexican.  Try migrating to Spain.  They ain't gonna roll out the red carpet for their returning brother.  When you live in a country, it is your responsibility to adopt the customs of that country and regard yourself as a citizen of that country first.  Multiculturalism is a bad idea.
Yup...let's just lojack all the people in the world...what a crazy plan
The guy in the white shirt sounds like when you have to do a book report on a book you didn't read
Mass delusion is real thank God for President Trump.
Colonize Mexico!  This bro said it himself... they all want ID numbers and to pay taxes!  The panama canal would be much easier to patrol.
I would like someone that is also an intellectual or is well versed on this topic to discuss it with you, would make an amazing episode, this one wasn't that great but still good!
OMG!!!  Was he high????  Scientifically???? 
I think everyone should have an ID chip in America. Then my ph can let me know how long you've been in my country. I am serious
I've been saying to build a canal or moat instead of a wall since the Panama canal is getting old and is controlled by venesuella or Columbia or something making a short cut through the Rio grande would pay for it's self and create more opportunity to export for both Mexico and America
The second dude essentially just wants to tag these people like animals. He watches way too much sci-fi.
Well, there is a sense in which that answer is right. There is a sense in which free immigration, in the same sense in which we had it before 1914, is not possible today.

Why not? Because it is one thing to have free immigration to jobs. It is another thing to have free immigration to welfare. Milton Freidman
I don't care about the wall, the real solution is to enforce laws that are already on the books that make it illegal to employ them.
X-ray sensors...  The great solution!
I can't tell if that guy was stoned, stupid, or just another statistic of the public school system.
Maybe, like, the dude in this video is, like, a moron, right?
"The wall" it's going to get border patrol officers killed. We need a border, a nice tall border.
Ur mom giey: change my mind
Youre my hero!
To all of these anti wall people: Do you have a home? Do you have a main door where you enter your home? Then I hope you keep it open all the time, so that strangers can come to your home every time they please, sleep in your bed, eat your food, take your car for a ride... and so on.
Crowder should try to attract a more intelligent class of opponents.
Adderall
Why the fuck are you wasting your time with this idiot?
Fuck yeah finnally someone from SFNM hell yeah
I am all for the idea of the wall but putting in a physical wall on the border would cause a lot of controversy in America. Obviously illegal immigrants will always get in but instead of building a physical wall we should reinforce our borders and airports that lead into the country, I believe that that would do more in terms of keeping the illegal immigrants out than it would with the wall and it would cause way less controversy.
Spay and neuter your Socialist migrants.
White shirt guy is retarded as shit. Sub 100 IQ guaranteed.
Stop calling them "ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS" That's an oxymoron. They didn't immigrate!
They're ILLEGAL MIGRANTS!
That last guy was a complete pillock
100% of ILLEGAL immigrants, aliens what ever, are criminals period. 
Hard oofs change my mind
These indoviduals prove why they dont have american values and they want the values and cultures of the countries they came from to be imported and over ride american values. They probe time and time again why we need to stop even legal immigration to the west of people that are not part of our tribe. Its befoming a tribal war fare of 3rd world people into our tribes that refuse but pretend to assimilate and will never assimilate and proves why segregation of all people from each other is the only way in the end this world will ever survivem they only come here and survive because the ignorant welfare state. And im tired of hearing how hard workint foreigners are. If that were true then their country of origin would be more advanced then white countries becsuse they would have worked harder to build a better society. Our countries prive we are the hardest working people if we were less hard workint then others we would be the 3rd world and they would be the 1st world im tired of this narrative being pushed just csuse they clean and work in fields and landscaping we have our peoppe and technology to replace them. They would of only been hslf way able to ssy thst if it was 1560 snd even then our people need work and work harder snr smarter the proofs in the production of our past before all immigration our lands had the highest produftion of the entire world that settles any argument. Ok so if illegal immigration is only going to get worse than that makes building the wall 100x more needed and important! This right here confirms to me the real difference in RACE IQ of people from different races of people. These people are not wanting the wall soley just because it goes against Trump and their BUTT HURT feelings. Bunch of morons that prove why we dont need ANY multiculturism or any DIVERSITY in our westen european countries.and drugs come alnost 100 percent imported from other countries ilegally they do not come from western countries they are illegal and dont grow in our lands much besides marijuana and mushrooms the rest if made in the west or grown have to almost all be indoor grown and pharmecutically made. As in the middle eadt chija and mexico the poppy fields groe wilf in their much warmer lands. Without immigration and import of foreign goods in the west the drug epidemic would be almost non existant besides alcohol. Weed. Shrooms. And some poppys can grow in small areas in our lands but almost all wouof have to be indoor grown and produced compated to warmer countries where these plants grow wild and domestic to their lands.
I dont think the wall is need but definitely better patrol
Of the border depending on how the wall is going to paid for then idk, I wouldnt want tax payer money for the wall, gotta look for
More into but to me the wall might be a waste of money well
Find out, so far so good tho with what trump is doing #maga
I got an ad for change my mind while I'm watching change my mind
The guy that escaped from the short bus needs to pipe down , go find his chaperone and put his helmet back on!
The majority of illegal immigrants are from overstayed Visa's... The border wall wouldn't fix that.
There are much bigger problems at hand than illegal immigration. My truth is that I don't want my tax dollars going into a big giant wall that won't serve as big of a purpose to the American people as perhaps the fixing of our fallen infrastructure, our roads, and the abhorrent state of our education system. And now the child holding centers commiting the most inhumane acts eerily similar to the Japanese internment camps in WWII... it's all bullshit. I'm for immigration reform and I do believe we should be aware of who exactly comes in, but the separation of families and a stupid wall is the absolutely wrong way to go about it.
What the actual fuck was that guy at the end talking about....I lost brain cells!
Yeah. I plan on being the Governor of New Mexico. Im a free flowing thinker. So. What if I turn up in Mexico illegally. What happens next? Can I get welfare in Mexico? Free school and housing?
WHY IS THAT GUY AT THE END ENDING HIS WORDS LIKE THAT?!? 

Sorry for the caps but it was so annoying!
Stevie, your look at the end says it all.
The First Lady was nice but seemed ill informed
While I believe building the wall is most likely the only thing that can come to fruition in the current state of this country, I do not think it's the best solution. The best solution is to take away the incentives that make immigrants believe the illegal way is the best way and enforce strict punishment for those who violate immigration laws. Good luck with that though. Nobody that I know says people shouldn't be able to migrate here. They all just want them to do it legally. Let's be real, it's not like they haven't had ample opportunity to achieve legal citizenship. They either decided to use up their resources to do so elsewhere or were denied. Denials are usually for very good reasons. Some denials are in error but for the most part, they are very ligit. Maybe we should just build all of our prisons along our borders. Then we'd only have to guard one side of the prison and it'd be killing two birds with one stone.
I just don't think a wall is the right why to handle it. I felt like this discussion wasn't even about the wall for the most part rather it was about illegal immigrants. A wall would not be the best way to handle illegal immigration. Improve the border patrol and focus on fixing infrastructure. The idea of a 1900 mile wall is pretty stupid to begin with, especially since the government owns very little of the border to begin with.
"We might finds some areas where we disagree versus some areas where we disagree."

Steven Crowder2018 
Dude you should think before forming an opinion.
He plans on being the governor of New Mexico
6:54 R32 <3 :)
I don't think you should build the wall because of how much money it's going to be, it's not going finish in a long time, Trump wants security guards by the Walls 24/7 so you have to pay them too, and it's going to effect the environment killing a lot of animals. It just seems impossible
So basically this guy is advocating for the Mark of the Beast (666) via microchips or retina scanner like the movie Minority Report. 

In essence lets take the rights away from all for the rights of a few undeserving.. A law that trumps another law. Bureaucracy runs deep with Liberals.
You can't build a wall to keep planes out... (_)_)::::::::::::::::::::::::::D~~~O::::::::::::::::::::(_(_) <-- Trump's boarder wall with magic gate
How about invading Mexico then down the line you have a smaller border and Mexicans will get American citizenship ?
He might not be the brightest person but I give the guy props for not yelling profanities as he walked by. Instead he actually took the time to sit down and talk with him in a respectful manner.
Pareto distribution!!!
I like these segments, I just wish that some cometent people would talk to him. I'd like to see Steven debate a Libertarian view of it.
That Mexican guy was dumb as a post.  This is who we are importing as the voting mass.  Lord help us.
Lol I got an ad by your channel for the there are only 2 genders change my mind
I was at the local gas station here in open borders California.  There was a young man, A diamond tattoo over his eye, walking around the gas station with a cigarette in his mouth.  Assaulting local citizens, yelling out "NORTH SIDE GANGSTER BITCH".  Literally bragging about having a "strap".  On the 4th I will listen to hours of gunshots.  None of those by cletus and earl.  Fuck this shit.  at least 40 million Hispanics need to be deported.
In theory, the wall represents greater protection for the native population in America, yeah?
In reality, I think the process it'll take to start physically building the wall will be more trouble than it's worth unless it's heavily militarized. You'll get protestors, especially the violent kind, who will do everything in their power to disrupt.

Why not invest the time and effort and money into building more secure border facilities?
Dude in the white T-shirt is high as fuck, wonder why he went straight to talking about drugs?
13:16 
Shes walking around with a bottle of plant
I think that guy forgot to take his Adderall.
Man Im in 8th grade and we had a Socratic seminar. There were so many terrible points and irrelevant arguments but I have extreme anxiety so I kept it all to myself. I wish you were there to teach them.
I feel dumber having listened to these idiots
That was like watching LeBron James play an 8th grader 1 on 1

Edit: 90 upvotes in an hour, Im grateful boys
Lol oh wow the triggering this video is going to do.  It's great.
These people are complete morons and not worth a conversation. I feel like I just wasted 13:44 of my life. Holeee shit was that guy dumb and he was recording himself lol
This episode was such a mindfuck lol
Dude was comical. Sound like he wants to chip everyone.
I want stronger border securities but the wall... So dumb lol. Too expensive and won't do anything at all. It's pointless.
God help us
If you see or suspect illegal activity by Illegal Aliens, here is the number to ICE to report them:

Report Crimes, Suspicious Activity, and Suspected Child Exploitation of Missing Children
By Phone: 1-866-DHS-2-ICE (866) 347-2423 

Online tip form: https://www.ice.gov/contact
Which was the part that you were surprised about and didn't know what to do with?
The look on Crowder's face within the last few seconds was priceless. Welcome to the Twilight Zone. 
The guy in the white shirt was either high on cocaine or drunk hahaha Steven Crowder had too much patience for that guy hahaha "super cheap" & "super fast"??? "X-Ray" haha holy shit
Omg this guy is the future  a 7 year old has more understanding of the world.
Wall gets build. 2 years later Mexico gets 1st, 2nd and 3rd place in pole vault olympics.
That second guy is fucking idiot. Im Hispanic and I want that fucking built. Period
So basically put a chip in everyone.. sounds like a way for the government to monitor exactly where everyone is. I thought we had freedoms again that kinda stuff.. lol
I don't know if that guy really has thought the consequences through all the way. It sounds like such a system would be open borders, but a worldwide surveillance state. So basically, both the US and Mexico, and likely other countries would need to develop some infrastructure and either implant chips into citizens at moment of birth (or some other technology such as bar codes, really good facial recognition, or even xray skeletal fingerprinting, etc.) in order to precisely identify an individual person and their location for the purposes of taxing the individual. And if the taxes are not paid they can be quickly collected and punished as the local government sees fit. These "xray scanners" would not just be stationed at the border, they would be positioned throughout the entire country, like cell phone towers. Yeah... mandatory tracking of all citizens of every country in the world (or am I misunderstanding and he just wants to do this to Mexican citizens?) seems a tad more controversial than building a wall. 

Not to mention all of the other ramifications this would have on society. The government would not be the only one that could intercept and track these signals, ad agencies, your boss, your blind date, that creepy guy next door, they all would be able to track where you are and what you do every day.    

Personally I have some libertarian leanings, I'm not totally against the state or the concept of taxes, I just think that any power we give the government should be limited and well thought out. This kind of technology could still happen in a small government capitalist scenario, but at least there the individuals are knowingly taking part and can back out at any time. (basically what cellphones are today) This idea is so crazy Orwellian... It is hard to believe someone would come up with such an distopian plan un-ironically. And he wants to be governor of New Mexico?
You're an absolute saint for sitting through this guy's ramblings with a straight face.
Why so short?  The last guy wants minority report.
Build the wall with your ass, bitch! Could we see not gay Jared in drag try to twerk his way into constructing a wall? ;3
Yay controversy! :D
that last guy.. is on DRUGS.. WTF is he talking about?!?!?!
The glare at the end LOL.
Can't wait for the "scientifical x-ray border."
GO TO Bing.com its insane and you can see the migration period of 2015 in Europe. If you read this in the next coming days just click the back button to find the wallpaper that's for today.
Does anybody have a solution to the environmental impact that a border wall would have? Besides cost of construction and maintainence, environmental impact is my biggest concern about the whole wall thing.
I like how Steven says his videos are in unedited

He has to edit his videos now after what happened with usef
You should have set up at a Home Depot parking lot, you wouldve had more people show
Seemed like they were both high as shit to me, but without a doubt they both dumb as shit.
I feel bad for the x-ray border guy & I'm not entirely sure why
Damn wish I couldve meet him on this topic to talk to him on this topic too
haha at the ending
Leroy grammatically sounds like my 4yr old daughter. 
Make money off them by taxing them? How fucking retarded is this clown?
That last guy... wow... he dumb....
No i will just walk around the x-ray scanner. Dumb ass
that first guy was annoying as fuck.
X-ray border that reads your mind is better then a wall. Yeah, whatever it is that Leeroy has been smoking, Ill take that for a hundred bucks worth.
that xray dude is a fucking idiot. send him back
It literally hurt to listen to that guy try to justify the "no wall" position.

Some people only "feel" that they don't want a border but refuse to accept the logic of its necessity. They can't extrapolate how the lack of border control will actually end up taking away their ability to live freely as an American citizen.
:o this topic? Let me get comfortable lmaooo.
Muah ha ha !!
Thinking about being Governor of New Mexico , OMG he is clueless. XRay border how you gonna get people to go to these xray gates if there is no wall to direct them there. If there is no wall why would they bother going to a gate , utter insanity.
This kid is a moron and basically advocated for a police state where the government knows your every movement.
Build the northern wall too!
The guy is before a "mastermind." We need Louder with Crowder at Byui!
The main thing that Ive heard in opposition to the wall is how it will apparently affect the climate and the ecosystem around where the wall is built, as well as how Trump presumably thinks that all Mexicans are bad people. So basically Ive heard more people want to save the wilderness then protect our country.
That Spanish dude had to of been on drugs right
"Facts don't care about your feelings".  Change my mind.
X-Ray borders?  Is that guy actually retarded?  Like full on window-lickin, helmet-wearin, chest-beating, puddle-droolin retarded?
is...is the last guy the anti-christ?
I just want to know if the person or persons that sit down to talk with Steven, if they get to keep the Louder with Crowder Mug???
The least interesting Change My Mind for me yet. Painful to listen to this guy....
Drug. S.
Make more of these vids bruh
Am I the only one who thinks this guy was high on somethin? Lol
My solution to illegals... land mines.
Did Spanish Leroy seem very high to anybody else? Or is this just an example of stupidity activated and excitable? Cant tell anymore these days, appears to be an epidemic!
Looking at any standards, we need to build the wall, period. Any other country that has walls are completely looked over, but if US citizens want a long needed wall(a competent one), we are looked upon as horrible people and racist. Im done with the left, we need to push the wall initiative before its too late. Trump has another 2.5 years in office and needs to get ground broken. Most people have never spent time in a third world country..At the rate that illegal folk are pouring in, we will becthird world in 20 years. Keep it up folk
Well I'm a bad Mexican American ...I dont know spanish......funny thing is both my grandparents VERY mexican ...so mexican my great grandma Went to MEXICO to give birth to my grandma XD 

anywhore I dont have CONFIDENTS in the wall..... I live about 15 mins away from the border but my goodness gracious great balls of fire that stops no criminal activity just makes criminals either smarter and more lethal ...now does that stop me from walking around the park @ 11pm...no cause I'm bored and have no self preservation ....HOWEVER I have sibling who i am concerned for and when I'm walking around the park and see group of people scatter like roaches trying to act normal 3 going into the Monte 2 walk pass us 2 walk to another bench and 1 staying seated and 2 hinding in the shadows of the tree like a bunch of creeps and then watch us walk around like some fucking predators I get worried 

I wish my dog was still alive cause he was the definition of a rabid hell hound and I honestly don't remember a time being safer then when I had a dog that turned a trash bag of aluminum cans to confetti 

....so fortify the wall? Sure but I once saw a video of someone climbing that shit like a monkey so good fucking luck ......criminals are the best at parcore ..... But till I move somewhere else, get a gun or a new guard dog.....ima carry a knife around and shank the first person who gets to kidnap me cause DAMN IT I know when someone is planning something and I sure as hell ain't gonna be taken without a fight.....stay safe people exercise your 2nd amendment it may verywell save your life
Leroy: "I don't want a border wall; just an invasive surveillance state."

He's probably a decent guy and I don't want to hate on him, but he seriously does not understand the implications of what he is saying. Not only is he unwittingly designing his own border wall, but he is also investing the state with far more power to oppress people (through the destruction of privacy) than he would probably be comfortable with.
I got a crtv ad... on louder with crowder
What a Idiot...... I feel for that lady
The physical wall as currently suggested is dumb imo. You get to a point where you'll get diminishing returns after a certain size and it will need personnel to enforce it irregardless. I'd prefer to see border enforcement though more modest fences in key areas, personnel, and increased surveillance though drones etc.
We need Einstein and Stephen Hawking to figure out the concept of a border without calling it a border.
As a Mexican living in mexico, i say build the wall, we shouldn't care as long as it stays on your side of the fence, and doesn't   cost us a cent. and for deportation sure deport just make it so we know who is coming over, not just let them at the boarder, there has to be communication between the countries in that aspect,  and remember not all latinos are mexicans, send them to their countries, and also not al Mexicans are from baja california
Open Border Democrats!
sure. build your silly little wall. time to invest in some Mexican Drone companies. and Ladders
Didn't even get a  notification for this video
I didn't know weed was legal in Austin .
they aren't sending their best.
My heart goes out to that woman... The first one.
When you have a guy like x-ray man there is no possible way you can change their mind because they are too far gone all hope is lost its actually impossible
If this guy every becomes the governor of anything I will literally shit in my hand and eat it.
Poor woman. I wouldve blurred her whole body (not a fat joke) because god forbid they see this and know her voice
I dont entirely agree on building on the actual wall but more of border defense.
That zoom in at the end XD
I dont think a wall will prevent people from coming illegally from the southern border change my mind
Finally
8:45 you have got to do a better job of detecting when you are debating a topic with someone on meth Steven.
Him: doesn't want a wall

Also him: wants a wall
And you wonder why the average IQ in the US is falling?
He is actually wearing the Ranger Panties. thats really funny.
My opinion as a Mexican who lives in Mexico, is that you can build a wall as big as you want. Its your country and you can do whatever the hell you want in it.
The thing is, Mexico is NOT paying for that wall. Gun trafficking from USA to Mexico and Central America is the root of drug trafficking... Cartels without guns or ammo wouldnt be able to operate nor hurt people, which is a cause why they cross the border... to find a safer place to live.


Also, dont call immigrants Mexicans because most of them are not Mexican but from Central America.
Truly feel bad for that lady.  There's so much of that going on in Fall River, MA right now too.
CHEAP PRICKS!! Woooot!
LEEEEEEEEROY!
I like to think of myself as a freeloading cheap prick.
You know why drugs being brought in wouldnt change with a wall? Because its been more the proven that government agencies like the cia are paying cartels to bring the shit in. A physical wall would be so stupid.
THEN IF YOU LET THEM BE CITIZENS THE DEMOCRATS GET FREE VOTES!!!!!!! BUILD THE DAM WALL!!!!
Love the face at the end
the mexican in the white is a big yikes from me
Should've done a bigger blur on the lady bro you've put her life in danger
Lmao that was painful to listen to in the most hilarious ways.
"Bringing the drugsUHHH"
Scientifical,  the word of the day folks.
The wall is more than just a means of preventing people from coming in illegally. It is a monument to America's will to survive.

The fact of the matter is that this country was made by and for white people. Our Founding Fathers explicitly stated that they wanted America to only allow in "free white people of good character", even going so far as to ratify such an immigration policy in the First Continental Congress in 1790, a full YEAR before we even had the Bill of Rights! This leftist lie that America, Canada, Europe, Australia, and New Zealand (i.e. white countries and ONLY white countries) are somehow meant to be for everybody is barely 50 years old, and was introduced right around the time that leftists were taking over every American institution from academia, the media, the Catholic Church, you name it, in order to weaken the social fabric and thus make it more porous against policies like limitations on free speech, gun rights, and various other things that non-whites are routinely against.

I don't care how many crying brown people they put on television. I don't care how many dead brown people they put on television.  If they're not my people, then they are not my problem. They do not belong here, nor do we, the people that ARE America, gain anything from them being here. They need us. We don't need them. Because only WE can be US.
For the sake of that woman please only show audio. She is afraid of what those illegal immigrants can do to her or her family. I mean by her fear and intend to deport them probably means she lives close by those gangs. They probably know her enough to recognize her despite the blurry face.

At least, I find it wrong for you to put what she said when she covers the mic. She evidently is afraid the wtong people will hear her. I am normally i  favor of your unediting policy but for the sake of her please change the video or at least do not write what she said.
Where does he buy his weed? I need some of dat shit
That low IQ fat Mexican bitch in the beginning confirms my argument that these people should not be allowed in.
Fuck you can tell no one wanted to sit down with him cause he was stuck to use the interview with that idiot in the white shirt lol cant believe the big load of bullshit that flew out of that guys mouth lol
This guys advocating a massive police state!
Everything "open boarder" dude described already is in place. How's that working?
Its better to put the milk in before the cereal: change my mind
X ray border?
Oh my God! PLEASE build the WALL!!!!!
So basically like a Hitler style tattoo? Yea sounds real smart buddy
Fucking hell. Leroys living in a world of hopes and dreams - or maybe just the 23rd Century.
Yikes talk about the big brother on steroids. That fuck is scary. Pinko scary shit. Stupid stupid stupid.
That mexican, excuse me Spanish dude, is smoking meth. Literally
It amazes me that someone that stupid is able to function in society. I'm surprised that he can remember to breathe.
That guy was a fucking idiot..
Hilarious. The answer to illegal immigration is to legalize it... no problem. Make ALL aliens citizens and there will be no more illegals... problem solved. It's as if he does not know the 'real' problems regarding the outcomes of too many illegals all at once.
That final stare, hahaha
XRAY BORDER GATE LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ironic as he was just saying "no borders"
I lost brain cells listening to this guy
Good conversation, he wasn't all there, needs a bit to formulate an answer, but a clear thinker and someone trying to find a good and reasonable outcome is good.
Only 13 minutes? 
"scientifical"
I love that sweet Mexican American  immigrant.
that Spanish guy is hilarious
Heard alot of people had died from Drive-by yelling. 57 died last year. It's really bad in California. 2 in Arkansas, 3 in Kentucky, and 10 in Delaware. Please help stop local Drive by yelling by reporting your local police or your local Fireman for any strange disturbance in your area.
She took out a loan and is trying to get her loan shark deported lol!
Props to Steven for not embarrassing those two volunteers. You know he wanted to
The X-Ray wall will be the biggest beautiful wall.
His face at the end
I love that its a white male who steals from illegal Mexican families on the Vox video. Those fuckers are all about using diverse characters in everything unless its a criminal. Watch any home security system commercial and its a white dude trying to break in the house.
Steven is a pseudo-intellectual, he never debates with real smart people
This issue is like a poster child of facts over feelings for these people. I don't understand how someone can argue the security of any country? I am just dumbfounded.
Did he just say scientifical
Do all these anti wall idiots think it means a strait wall all the way down the border with no openings for people to go through? Seriously they're idiots. The second guy doesn't understand his entire idea wouldn't work with an open border for people to go through without anyone knowing
2 million.  Congratulations.
I talked to open border types and when I bring up that Mexico has a nice southern border they said that US is the land of the free and home of the brave so we should have an open border.
All we need to do is annex Mexico.  All Mexican citizens are now American citizens, so much of the illegal immigration is solved and we'll have Mexico's wall now be a wall on the southern border of the United States.  Then Trump gets to claim victory in solving illegal immigration and fulfilling his promise for a border wall (which Mexico paid for).
When you realize many people around you are as fucking retarded as the guy with the white shit....governor of new Mexico pppfftt
Can't believe that guy got claps at the end...
#BuildTheXRay
Hat off to you Steven for not bursting out and laughing at the X Ray thing 
Wow, that guy is a moron!
wow! is it really that hard to find intelegent people to debate? maybe u should try doing this on a college campus.
Build that wall!!!
What surprised me the most? Maybe the fact that you aren't wearing any pants...
LOL that guy is self contradicting...don't keep them out or deport them, but make them register and pay taxes. Thousands will volunteer and sign up to be "tagged" and then have to pay taxes.... sure makes sense 
Santa Fe is screwed.
I speak to actual insane and deranged people a lot because of work.. he souns just like them. I think it could just be a combination of ignorance (leading to wild speculative statements) and a rather low IQ (cognitive dissonance and incoherent training). You have my sympathy steven, though it was bound to happen.
Here is my argument against building the wall: Invade Mexico instead and declare them a tributary to the New American Empire
if you're against building a wallbecause you don't think it will prevent people from getting inand against ILLEGAL immigration, then why not build the wall anyway (if only to shut up the people who do)?  of course if what she said was true, then her ONLY other reason to oppose the wall would be on the basis of COST; but how could that be true given the fact that nearly ALL people who oppose the wall are Democrats (because it's now painfully obvious that Democrats no longer give a shit about wasting money)?  it's double-talk logic like this that just PROVES that opposing the wall is nothing more than POLITICAL POSTURINGwhether the people who are posturing know it or not.
StevenCrowder.  How did you not just bust out laughing at the guy describing the X-Ray border, which is still a border even though he said hes against borders.
Can't they just dig a hole under th wall to the other side?
Stephen crowder you're a libtard.
OMG...  free flowing x-ray border. I'd have to talk to , I dunno, SMART people, cuz like, uhm, I plan on being the governor of New Mexico... Well NEW, New Mexico...  And we've been wasting thousan..million...trillions of dollars...   THIS guy is PROOF of the reason we need a wall!!!
I don't understand how anyone can watch the portion with that Spanish guy. It felt like my IQ went to zero after watching a portion of him speaking.
that proposition of something which is essentially a tracking device
This guy is SOOOO FUCKING MORONIC.. he's literally saying they need to come through a check point but doesn't want a wall..
Just combine all the worlds governments= no more national debt, suffering people become everybody's problem, no more disputes between land, scientist can share research freely  to advance society.
(I'm not talking about conquering that would just cause revolts)
That second guy.
Omg that guy from go green local was a complete idiot. He wants to ID tag people and have scanners on our border and throughout cities to track where people are?? That is somehow better than a wall? Thats a million times more invasive. Listening to that guy dropped my IQ by ten points.
did this guy smoke a fist full of meth before he sat down?...
Hea so retarded.m, that guy. Wtf is this!? Back to the future!?
So we need to microchip Mexicans and funnel them into X-ray machines, instead of asking them to fill out some paperwork?
You should have blurred her whole body.
Another contradictory view of mr crowder. Claims to be in favor of property rights and free markets yet wants tp restrict the free market. Crowder again i offer a debate.
Only the top 20% of earners are net tax payers. So unless these illegals are all making 100k a year then no. Were not making any money off them.
Wow that dude just wanted attention because he likes the sound of his own voice... What a bunch of double talking nonsense... He must think that if he talks enough eventually something will make sense... LOL!
We have too much people flowing in from the south and California isn't doing a good enough job keepin'em out. Do California a favor and BUILD THE WALL!
as much as a get a laugh of off idiots it make me want natural selection to effect humans more.
Love the show, and I am one of those free loading cheap pricks. But I watch, share and suggest LWC all the time. So if I have turned at least one person on to you to be a fan....i think I've done my job and support 
5:00 that guy is as spanish as antonio banderas is mexican
That last dude was on drugs....maybe HE was transporting drugs o.o
Not being a libtard but has he ever changed his mind
X RAY BORDER!!! LOL
The look on your face at the end... Priceless... Your expression was exactly how I felt listening to this guy. Lmao I wonder if that sponsor of his knows that they have a complete and utter fool representing them...
Love these videos 
Please keep making more!!!
Lmao dude watches way to much tv
Had an ad for LwC on this video hmmm
"...When it comes to the drug war,
we've been wasting thousands-millions-trillions of dollars..."


This guy was just rambling his ass off.
The guy was more like Noventaizo because he was like 90% native and 10% spanish if that. But totally 100% retarded.
Cant wait for Leo to be gov of NM. Priceless.
i was waitiing for that look at the end lol. how did he keep a straight face for that convo. lol
Why does t he Mexican sound Korean ?
As cringe as these segments are it's always great seeing the "tolerant" left flipping out over different opinions
I'm pro stricter immigration laws. That being said, I don't think a wall will stop as many people as a lot of Americans think. A lot of people come over on planes and simply overstay their Visas. Not to mention, if you build a wall it will just make people find a way over or under that wall. A lot of people already come in through our check points by getting smuggled in. It's kind of the luck of the draw when they do it that way - but I don't believe that the majority of illegals are walking across the border. For those reasons I think the wall would be a huge waste of money. If a Democrat gets into office after Trump they will just stop construction on the wall or have it torn down, so it will be a HUGE waste of money that could be used in a lot of other ways to benefit this country (education, infrastructure, etc.)
steven..That's a tweaker. trust me that dude just got spun up.
lol  spanish my ass. he's mexican
I had to leave this " Interview " @ 11;00. This Pendejo is, well, a Pendejo!
I saw the notification for this video, and was like, "holy crap, this is going to be epic". But then the guy came on and starting talking about x-ray vision borders and crap, and I lost a little faith in humanity
ill have whatever he smoking lol
i usually agree with all of your change my mind topic, but not this one i feel like money could go towards better things instead of a giant wall that won't change much
That dude is on something illegal...
X-ray border. Bruh I'm dead this guy was high asf lmao
Ask her what job she has. And illegals keep coming. That by definition will compress wages.
Meaning the job you currently hv. 
You will hv a awful time getting that raise.
Because an over supply of labour means employers.
Will hv the option to say goodbye to you.
Why,?
Because i hv many others from out of country who will do your job for way less.
And lower or no benefits.
Its simple math.
BUILD THE WALL is my cod ww2 emblem haha
His "free thought" is essentially him just talking out of his ass.
AS a native new Mexican born and raised as a norteno, this dude does not speak for or the majority of this state. Sante fe and Albuquerque are democratic cess pools full of ignorant people, like this gentlemen. This guy cant even formulate his thoughts on the subject, or reflect on what he is talking about. He is basically talking about a system similar to the NAZIs system used to track jews.
Building a wall won't do any good. They will just tunnel/climb,/swim over. Won't stop illegal immigration, and i have doubts it will even slow it down. That money is better spent on other things
The sooner we build the wall, the sooner we stop retards like that last guy from entering the country.
Both of the ppl he spoke to were absolutely nuts.
I don't know what the proper "scientifical" word is....  FACEPALM
hearing the second guy gets me so fucking  pissed....the stupid shit that guy says just makes me so angry. i fucking hate it when people are that stupid and just saying shit that ain't true.
Never clicked on a video so fast
yes sir
i think the guy in the white shirt genuinely has autism
His answer is to give illegal immigrants a heavy dose of radiation poisoning as they cross the border with a powerful x ray machine to scan them...
There is a process to become a citizen..... people just don't want to do it.
That guy talked a lot and didn't really say to much that he didn't contradict in his next sentence...   wow....
too hard to watch people that stupid...
Its hilarious (ignorant and sad as hell), how they all have "opinions", about the wall, yet it seems only the creme of the crop were willing to talk about it (LOL).

   KIdding, the first lady is simply a dumbass who has 0 clue what the hell shes talking about, .....same with the second (sadly)......third times a charm?  Awe...no third time:(

   STEVEN, this is an EXCELLENT topic on which to help EDUCATE others sovereignty, the law, and the constitution, AND< also to dispel their many indoctrinated ignorance concerning all three.

     Round two Steven...make it so:)

      A for effort buddy:)
Leroy been watching a lot of netflix recently huh
Wouldn't a mine field be cheaper?
Hahha this guy was like no no borders but like areas that scan you with this pass code well then with no border I don't think that will work hahaha Boi just build a wall
13:16 I got the same exact look
What percentage of illegal immigrants commit crimes? Well lets see..... ALL OF THEM! they are illegal
Statistics are offensive to liberals, change my mind. 
Leroy is full of shit!
I zoned out after he said scientifical lol
I have no clue why women would be against building a wall. They all know by their mid to late 30s they'll slam face first into one. You'd think they'd be happy that other people are hitting a wall too.

When the fuck are these fuckin' morons going to realize, nobody is against immagration or immagrants who go through the process. WE DO NOT WANT THE ONES HERE ILLEGALLY (crime). It's a total dick slap in the face to those who followed the law, went through the process and waited their time to become citizens of this country.
5-10 years no borders ahhh I dont think so dude maybe 50-100 years there will be something weird going on but not 5-10 years and this dude is way high  I need to sit down with the masterminds okay brah lol
With frickin laser beams on their heads!!!
I thought the future Governor was going to shoot Steven at the end. The crazy mofookah described an electronic version of immigration enforcement! Without punishment of course...
If any stranger came onto my property without permission I'd call it a possible threat.  The wall is a great security idea and will discourage people from taking the risky journey.
The reason you had so few "participants" is because they can't defend illegal immigration.  They can talk about everything but the fact they are entering this country illegally and that is wrong.  And too damn bad that Trump doesn't hold their hand while they are STEALING from our country.  Make e-verify the law of the land, fingerprint everyone and deport those that are here illegally.
Yes build wall, from Yugoslavia.
The ending
You need to do a video on an American citizen trying to go to Canada without a passport or illegally. I would like to see how they treat that person.
fuck u we dont ned a wal we nede mexicons to halp wit our contry becase trump is fUCKIng it HARD!!!@@
That database guy tho. Walking through an X-ray border? Too much sci-fi, bro.
Things that have to happen:
1. Mexico should kill all cartels, they know where they are and who they are lets be real
2. Mexico needs to legalize drugs; the problem here is that the US goverment wants to keep silent on the drug use on military forces due to PTSD and other mental disorders, many legal drugs sold in US are very ineffective, the best way to keep it low is the consume of mariguana. So...if Mexico legalize mariguana it means that prize will lower in Mexico so drug cartels wont have big money and will be out of business, for the US is also means the lowering prize in mariguana making it more accesible but it will later add heavy taxes like cigarettes, this will also make the US report huge amount of purchases in mariguana each year entering into the US military budget, if US people find out the country buys excessive amounts of drugs and making Mexico richer, the US wont be able to fund any wars in the future, which in consequence means less firearms production, therefore less production in primary resources for their making, etc.
3. Mexico needs to lower taxes and have more flow on money for its citizens, the country has a serious fiscal problem practices and mexicans are not willing to pay them because its a heavy tax that can barely cover their basic necessities, they cross to the US to get better money and better opportunities for a living.

So...if US doesnt address the necessity they need for mariguana and Mexico continues the way it is without changing their policies, it is understandable that a wall has to be built to keep out drugs and unwanted people. The other problem that I have of giving illegals the opportunity to become citizens and pay taxes, is that they also earn the right to vote, if US legalizes every mexican and other southern american people that go there is it changes the demography and geopolitics in the US and power in elections therefore mexicans can have a say so in US politics since they will be like 20% of the US population, so if US wants to protect its sovereignty they should just let born US citizens to vote. And a electronic ID tag or a chip of some sort...no thanks dude I want my right to privacy, a passport and the border politics are good as they are.
Got ad before video of crtv with clip of 2 genders change my mind. I was like a mistaken re upload?
china has a wall brazil has a wall? im sure thats not it
"IF WE GAVE EVERY ONE A MAGICAL TRUTH DRAGON THAT SPIT COTTON CANDY WHEN SOME ONE WAS BEING NAUGHTY THE WORLD WOULD BE FIXED!" That is basically what I heard when that Vloger talked. That look on your face said it all at the end.
Sometimes it is so hard to watch these because it is just so surprising how stupid people can be..
that guy living in 3018 lol
These people are Cleary crazy or on drugs...maybe both.
That guy had to be coked out of his mind
That last guys argument summed up... if the illegals just had papers of be fine. like give them a number..
someone should tell him that's legal  immigration. with papers and what not
I want Steven to debate Kyle Kulinski
The satisfaction! My face hurt from the shape it took trying to comprehend that man. The final look was all I needed. Hilarious
that guy man.. lol made almost no sense at times to understand what he was saying
So many people are lacking common sense nowadays. I am worried about our future.
I feel like I just got dumber watching this guy talk
I'm Mexican and i agree there needs to be tighter border security. A wall will probably be a solution but  in the long run it's not really practical. It will be torn down sooner or later if it ever does get built and it was all just a waste. 

Highering more border patrol will also not work since already, border patrol agents are being bought by the drug cartels.

Ima propose an idea here and yall will probably think I'm stupid. Mexicans immigrating here aren't really a big problem, it's the gullible people coming from the south America's through mexico that are bribed by the cartels to do some stupid shit. So if the United states forces mexico to strengthen their border on the south side, immigration flow will be greatly reduced at our border which will make it easier for us to control our border. If you think mexico is a shit hole, wait till you see el Salvador.
I love these videos, even if I don't always agree with you. The thought that people can just sit down and converse about their different views on topics is so beautiful.
What did I just listen to lol
They only believe what the higher up dems tell them
PLEASE READ PROFESSIONALLY
I don't agree with the wall since it probably wouldn't get approved and/or it would take time to build the wall past the time of this presidency. What Trump is doing right now, which is actually enforcing the current immigration laws, it completely correct. The Coyotes who get people across are smart and would find a way to get people over. Also, it would raise taxes in the states, which would make a lot of people mad and may cause a minor economic crisis.
Leroy is not Spanish. Pretty fuckin Mexican. Maybe Native?
Are idiots the only people that sit down or are they only conversations they feature?
Where is the climate change/global warming "Change My Mind?".
Man that one dude was high AF
you know what get me is when they say "the wall wont stop them" but then their get all mad about building the wall. if they wall wont stop them then let Donald Trump build the wall and then he look stupid for it not working. but they wont do that cuz they know in the back of their head that the wall is going to stop like 80% of them lol
that guy is a fucking nut and he wants to run for office!!!!!!!!!!!!
yep, illegals are going to just voluntarily ASK to come in., IDENTIFYING themselves-WITH NO BORDER WHERE THESE THINGS WOULD BE REQUIRED
Holy fuck Americans are so beyond retarded, I can't even.
Oh boy, another day another change my mind, time to soak up those liberal tears again
My questions is, Statistically who are the ones doing the drugs?  I'm pretty sure that young guy with the camera is....
hes so fucking stupid. Will fit in perfect with New Mexico
The wall will be a boondoggle. Especially since most illegals arrive here on planes (yes, human beings have been living with air travel for almost a century now) and just never leave.
12:05 - It won't slow down, because of people like him, infiltrating our country and corrupting our politics with double standards, resentment, vitriol, racism and fear.

This man may not be any of these things himself (other than ignorant), but he, in his ignorance, is allowing for the door to be open to other horrible people to do the aforementioned things.
So x-ray the whole board. Hmm doesn't x-ray cause alot of very bad helth issues cancer being the nices of them.
3:15
My friends that come here legally have parties when they get the papers. It's a LOT of work that I don't even know if I could do first try. Respecting laws of a country is what you do regardless of the country. Just a bigger mouthpiece of 'lawbreaking' because we were built on 'rebellion'? Nah, we had the Alamo happen as well.Reset your register.
The last guy was an idiot, he probably has to frequently be reminded how to wipe his but. (if he does)
Debate Yousef or you're a cuck.  Change my mind.
The way crowder looks at the camera at the end 
Leroy, what you've just said is one of the most insanely idiotic things I have ever heard. At no point in your rambling, incoherent response were you even close to anything that could be considered a rational thought. Everyone in this room is now dumber for having listened to it. I award you no points, and may God have mercy on your soul.
Guy with OW hat seems like a cool dude
"doesnt have to be a wall, it could be some kid of x ray" XD. Seems like a good way to give a lot of people cancer, what an idiot XD.
This guy just explained what would make a pretty good syfy movie. Xray borders that scan your number.
That ignorant fool (the future mayor of New Mexico)
really should shut his mouth, because I dont know if his dumb assery is contagious.
The only reason Im against building the wall is the fact were in debt and the wall project is projected to cost 8.1 billion (dont quote me on that lmao). Either cut the cost down waaaayyyy more or make more defenses on border patrol and inside the U.S. as well in some sort of way. I believe it will help economically of securing the border, but the U.S. debt at this point is literally bordering (pun not intended) our future an pathway as a society economically as a whole. Wish I was there to talk down and speak because everyone speaks emotionally and not with facts/statistics.
meh sounds like a good idea but the walls gonna be like billions of dollars
This one wasnt that good.. go to a college. Millennial would love to show their ideas.
This Spanish dude is fucking autistic lol
2nd guy is so all over the place. Ideas dont connect, and no borders in 5-10 years 

I prefer when you do these on college campuses its way funnier seeing the hateful leftists get triggered  makes my day!
The gentleman who never had a case, was annoying ending every word in his sentence with "uh"
I feel like I have somehow  became stupid by listening to this guy and  his free thought. I like these change my minds videos but man this guy was the worst one ever it wasnt even enjoyable.
Really funny watching Massively Gay Jarred pacing about.
Thar last guy just described even more draconian check points than we already have, that people just go around. He calls it a "gate" but what is a gate without a wall or fence on either side?! lol 

The only way to get people to use the damn gate is to make it their only port of entry.
The real Spaniard would have told Leroy, You keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means.
This woman is a crazy liberal and you shouldn't have talked to her.  She was looney.  The next guy said blame the drug dealers instead of the people bringing the drugs in.  Nevermind the guy is fuckin nuts too.
That guy might be the dumbest person interviewed "I'm gonna be the Governor of new Mexico" lmao
Not the best change my mind but keep them coming!
This man is living in the year 2200 where trump is hailed as a hero #xrayborders
LIBERALS ARE GAY SOFT DOUCHES, CHANGE MY MIND...
Leroy has a gender studies degree...
I dont think building a wall would be realistic
I seem to remember something about Troy and the Greeks. Something about a horse and opening a gate to get it in and the Trojans being taken over etc. hmm. I hear similarities there.
The liberal logic of "why build it if they will still find a way in" is absurd. Then why even have laws because criminals are still gonna commit crimes.
He wants more freedom with less borders. His solution is to tag everyone so you can get scanned and identified presumably with drones or some other technology. Sounds like a recipe for tyranny to me.
You should have at least a 6th grade education requirement for these interviews.
Not gay jared lookin suspiciously gay in the background
Building a wall will do nothing there's already a wall
Build The X-ray Boarder!!!!!
Tax the western union by 10%  if it goes out of the country
Boy, I was-and-am legitimately worried for that first lady.  Glad you blurred her face, but...I don't know, she might still be in danger.  I hope the advice you gave her off-camera winds up helping her.
Crowder Id love to talk to you. Im from Venezuela and immigrated legally. I have so many stories and points Id love to bring up.
Why are leftists bitching about the kids detained at the border?

 10,000 of the 12,000 detained came unaccompanied by parents.
 If they were seeking refugee status, then they should've came to a point of entry instead of crossing illegally.
 If American parents get arrested, their children get taken into custody. Why should we hold foreign criminals to a lesser standard than our own?
 "They're being kept in cages." No, they're being kept secure in rooms that are made from easily constructable chain link walls so that they can easily accommodate the numbers. "See-through walls are way more scary and more inhumane than solid walls," is basically what they're saying. Give me a break.
 They're being provided way better food than what I'm getting at home. They're apparently being provided things like burgers, fries, ect., while I, an American born citizen, am roughing it with ramen noodles and brown beans.
 Leftists have no solid foundation to stand upon for their argument on this issue, since they advocate for the killing of babies in the womb.
RIP XXXTENTACION
That last guy sure does like to ramble on
From New Mexico, moved to Austin. Im not going to say this guy doesnt have a chance of becoming governor
10:22 Yeah! And while we're at it, let's get some sharks with laser beams that fire from their eyes to patrol the waterways and hover-turrets to float above this magic wall!
I really enjoy when 2 people of opposing viewpoints sit down and have a CALM and CIVIL debate on current issues. Its nice to see that there are still people who haven't gone insane.
6:22 "what percentage commit crimes?" Steven....... How did you miss that golden opportunity to respond with: ALL OF THEM. If they're here illegally, they're all criminals. Duh.
Was it just me or was it extra stupid people on this particular "changer my mind"?
x ray borders. the future we need
Please do this at the University of Texas at El Paso, its right next to the Mexican border
We are all just a little bit dumber now from hearing his thoughts 
My heart goes out to the woman first speaking to Steven. I feel awful for her. She watches people come here illegally and cause crime, while she came here legally. Bless you maam. America loves you!
I cannot see a problem with the wall, besides the money. But money aside, I think its a good idea, idk how its a bad thing. And the guy who said make an x-ray border instead of the wall, hes crazy lmao
Masterminds.
Why do all the defenders of open borders speak broken english..
2:22 Crowder put some damn pants on lmao
The majority of illegals use tunnels or come legally and dont leave when the visa is up. Its better to use the money for the wall to find the tunnels and close them and to just round up the ones that over stay
These two people seriously, sounded like they have the minds of 12 year olds, I don't mean that in a mean way, but they sounded so...like they had no critical thinking skills....he was talking about electronic tags....it's so ridiculous, the educational system he went through, failed him, I'd be shocked if the first lady finished high school.
Could you guys include links in your description for some of the statistics you mention. Because that 37% of murders number is mind blowing. I'd like to see where that actually comes from, because it seems like that's a conversation ender. It's so extreme
I want this shirt
That look at the end though...
Whatever charm Austin used to have is long gone. Have watched this city since the late 60s turn into a nasty cesspool of liberal scum.
What a waste of money to build the wall.
Mexican women be thick ass hell they can stay but Mexican men have to go back
The second person was actually very smart, but his airport style machines might be almost as much as the wall
This was the most uneducated bunch of change my mind people yet
Beep beep none of them changed my mind * beep beep*
I wish you would come to Aubrey/Denton, Tx. I think it would be amazing
I'm not for the wall just because it would be impractical 
It really wouldn't stop the cartels from crossing drugs, their business is way too big for them just to let it die so they probably would build tunnels or think of some way to get drugs in 
And a wall would take so long to build and so much money that probably some other administration would just decide to never finish it or even demolish it. there has to be better ways to keep ilegal immigrants out like a sensor or different stations where homeland security could monitor the border
Can't they start checking for state ID more often instead?
Dont build the wall, change my mind
Ahh tolerance!!
Maybe instead of like an x-ray border you guys could like have the Autobots patrol your border instead. Autobots assemble!
Whoever thinks that building a wall is the best way to stop illegal immigration are dumb. Its just a dumb chant Trump said so people would vote for him. Our taxes are high enough as it is. I would think that maybe we should make patrolling the border community service for people with minor crime "speeding and such" . But if you guys actually wana take on a project as big as building a wall across the whole border with mexico that will cost money we don't have " Because we are already in debt " you are just either trolling or  are absorbed just as much in your ignorant ideologies as liberals.  Illegal immigration is a problem, but i think you would have to be a simpleton to think that building a wall would be the best way to stop it.
A tweeker Indian named Leroy. Wtf?
Im surprised ridley is in smash bros ultimate
xray? This guy an Einstein.
That guy and that lady need to Recuse themselves from the American gene pool.
Do "Jesus of Nazareth is The Messiah: Change My Mind" in a Jewish community and you can compare the hostility toward you in Jewish communities verses in Muslim communities with "Israel has a Right to Exist: Change My Mind"
The majority of immigrants come by plane and overstay their visas.  So it would have to be some BIG freakin wall.
As a Mexican American I will never argue that illegal immigration is okay. It is (as the name suggests) illegal. But I believe that it is up to America to decide if we want to handle this issue with compassion or with an iron fist. I personally know many illegal immigrants who live honest lives and contribute to American society. These are good people who only wanted to find a better life for their families. I believe that they shouldn't go unpunished but that they shouldn't be deported. These people have built lives and relationships with Americans and have more importantly raised kids who only know of America and are for all intents and purposes American. The answer is making it easier to gain citizenship. You have to take this dumb ass test that most Americans couldn't pass. I guess just try to have a little more compassion and understanding when your screaming for these people to get deported
Do one on global warming
The strategic move would be to assimilate all of Mexico, then build the wall.
I'm surprised how poorly these people express themselves.
I have a headache now
The first woman who sat down... was something. Asking Steven how she can report the illegals, and still against the wall and scared of it. She... confused me, and unsettled me even.
Send whites back to Europe. That sounds about right.
The stare....I was doing the same Steven. Wow. That guys going to be a great Governor.
Next one do Religion is a Lie Change my Mind.
"I don't know, like you know. I'm a. If I said, if it isn't probably hasn't. I'm, this is a free thought right now, so for me to execute this I would have to get like a few a mastermind individuals to really sit down and think this over. I can not tell you bla...a...bla...a...blatant answer right now."
HAHAHA.... FUNNY ENDING!
The wall just got 10 feet higher.
Most arguments I have With people are based on emotion and no facts to back them up so when I produce facts for my argument they resort to yelling and throwing out the possibility of having a civil argument lol
Leroy stoned af
Do you like to travel and see the GREAT WALL in China? It was built to defend the dynasty against its rivals in the north, a boarder line embodied. So wired that the Americans dislike the idea of boarder.
Bless that first ladys heart, she sounded so sincere. I hope she got some good information on addressing her problems without any repercussion. Legal immigration is what this country is all about. If you dont like the laws, TUFF SHIT!
Build the wall NOW! Deport the illegals A.S.A.P. !
 Create harsher punishment for all illegals that come here from now on !!!!!!
I really like your youtube.  I appreciate how you encourage dialog and respectfully exchange view points.
"X-Ray"
Build the wall separate them from their kids if they try should do it and leroy is an idiot
lol steven does a great job keeping these people on track and not going off into a tangent
Why so short of a video?
I love how the second guy wants this sort of digital tracking system implemented for immigrants. It's kinda racist.  But more importantly it's just a more technologically advanced system than what we have now, and what he is aginst.
I love how they say you cant stop illegal imagination my response we landed on the moon piss off lol
Why only 13mins of this... i want more
I think that most reasonable people in both parties believe in National sovereignty. But Trump has made this a very toxic and divisive issue much like the NFL kneeling issue.
That Spanish dude was a bumbling moron. He just talked to talk, making no valid legitimate point. I feel dumber after listening to him.
theyare human leveliq, this is animal vs human, sorry but its true
You know what, these people did change my mind...... Wall just got 30 feet higher
The first woman had a plant in a soda bottle...
As soon as Leroy sat down you can tell he was nervous and wasnt thinking straight. It's funny seeing Crowders' relaxed and intellectual tone compared with Leroys' confused and lost tone. I think Crowder should have told him to take a deep breath and relax for a minute so he could think everything out. Trying to drive without turning on the engine. 
Whatever show or company Leroy is recording for should consider getting someone else.
Wow.
Damn, Steven. How are we supposed to focus on the conversation with you rocking the short shorts like that? I'm going to have to take a cold shower now.
First woman: She identifies with her ethnic group. She views the wall as an attack on her people. She has an in group preference that most minorities have. Only white people view themselves as individuals but everyone else sees us as part of a group.
Giant guns that tag everyone at the border.
The wall is a waste of money it will not stop no one and i dont want my tax money poorly managed we need to Invest our money in Americans
I disagree with building the wall. Building the wall would be a massive and costly undertaking with not enough valid results, the government is beyond broke we can't afford it. what we need to do is to remove the incentive to come here illegally. If we had strict laws on businesses for using illegal labor, stronger deportation laws, and make it impossible for them to find any work here, it would remove most any drive for them to come to America illegally. Maybe then we could build a superhighway from the border and funnel all the illegal immigrants to Canada and see how well they put up with it :D.
"Build the wall, change my mind"  well ladders, step stools, grappling hooks, getting a boost from a friend, parkour, theres alot of options
that first lady was so sweet
The guy with the Cleveland Indians hat on in the background, you're my dude!
Don't build a wall. Put everyone under government surveillance and shove tracking devices in their skin instead.
The look on Crowder's face at the end..........  
OMG this guy gave me a headache and lowered my I.Q. I actually feel stupiderah
The face you make when you lose a little faith in humanity.
That Mexican dude was high AF. He had the solution to every problem. That very articulate way he weaves these words that don't exist between ideas he just came up with. It's all bullshit but I don't care. X-RAY gates.
what fucking show would mr. x ray border have?   "sweet strains"?
Do a video on what you think of buzzfeed what it is like to be a girl.
This is just an outstandingly painful level of stupidity from interview number 2
"scientifical" 10:57
Love this series, but imo its more interesting when hes on college campuses. Hes like a vaccine being inserted into the sea of liberal disease.
first chick, feels bad.

first dude, what a moron. you cant force them to become legal. they are illegal because they dont want to pay taxes or follow the laws. they would rather destroy the country than build it up. i know people who are here legally, all the bullshit like "its hard" or "they make you wait" is bullshit, because my friends did it in no time at all. "Mastermind individuals" WHAT? this dude is braindead. kinda sad. and he has his own show? i wouldnt watch that shit..... clearly just pure stupid spreading stupidity. oh. lol. "im here with go green global" so, they should fire this moron? rofl
Crowders reaction at 10:32
That ending was so office like 
This was the least informative change my mind segment.
So the Spanish guy pretty much wants to fit every immigrant with an RFID tag (GPS or something like it) to track people like dogs???? Hmmm... seems WAY worse than just building a wall... also I dont hear anyone complaining about the FENCE WITH RAZOR WIRE that's in place right now on the border... I guess thats ok but a wall is just way out of the question for some people... lol
We need a X-Ray border now! Lol
7:29 - You're educating him. This is good.
MENTAL GYMNASTICS  AND IGNORANCE
Why does every other "immigrant" have to come here legally?.!! Oh because they have to fly here, get passports, visas etc. but Mexicans get a free pass because they're connected to the US.

 That second kid is so lost.
why are people so dumb, one of the easiest arguments against the wall is that the main way illegal immigration occurs is through visa overstays and contrary to popular belief most people do not just jump the border
The woman at the beginning was wonderful God bless her. The guy at the end doesn't realize what he is talking about is already being planned but for everyone on the planet.
I'm not the first to say this- anyone reading this please reiterate it- Steven, PLEASE cover her ID tag! She is in danger!
Homeboy done figured it out. Or whatever eye
BAD EYE SIGHT - NOT YELLING:   THE THING THAT SURPRISED ME MOST ABOUT THIS ONE WAS HOW FUNNY IT WAS TO WATCH THOSE SECRET SERVICE TRY HARDS YOU GOT FOR SECURITY "CHECKING THE PERIMETER". 
P.S. N.G.J.  HAS SMALL EVERYTHING.
The second guy sounds like a Nazi lol
all throughout history walls have always worked there is no reason we shouldn't have one.
I never clicked on a video so fast in my life!
uhhhhhh...... what?!?
Definitely don't agree with the last dude but I genuinely appreciate anyone who can sit down and have a rational conversation on topics like this. Great video!!
That dude was talkin some nonsense lol borders are a thing of the past ? Lol ya tell that to Israel & syria ... go tell china that the border is a thing of the past ...... hahahaha x ray borders.....why didnt people think if that should be easy to get illegal inmigrants to go ahead n get chipped b4 the jump thru the mexican teleporter lol
My Against The Wall argument is that it is pointless. A lot of illegal immigrants just get Tourist Visas and just stay in the country so they just fly over here. Hell a lot of people marry for citizenship. Legal workers who are trying just to work in the USA have a lot of procedures to even just be qualified and it takes years because illegals have made it that hard. 

Not every illegal is Mexican. A wall wont deter drug dealers from coming in theyve trained to hide in plain sight or like I said just take a tourist flight or a touris bus ride to get here. We tax payers are just gonna be paying for millions for something ultimately pointless. We need tighter laws about not hiring illegals. Why does no one blame businesses? The ones hiring illegals are the reason why illegals are even coming in. If they get severe repercussions for hiring illegals more businesses will be forced to hire legal citizens  and discourage illegals from coming in the first place.
I think he was talking about a y-ray wall
Build the x-ray wall!
If someone can find the guys youtube channel let us know for the trolls!!!
Stevens face at the end was the best part! 
I'm starting to think we should build 2 walls.
Thought the thumbnail was a skinny Cenk
"How do I report those people?"
But you should blur her whole body, because some people might realize who she is because of her bag.
That guy is definitely a little off. But going to what you say Steve I feel like border security is important but the path to citizenship is definitely not easy. My father had been in the country legally for 25 years and just got his papers December . And paid over 10,000 for his papers it is very difficult confusing process if you are not born from money. Or at least middle class
I think I lost brain cells listening to that second guy. He may not know it but dude is literally talking about the mark of the beast.
She said she could be deported?
You should black her out instead of just the blur.
0:42 best part
the second guy-ah is the dumbest-uh guy-uh I have ever seen on this show-ah so far-ah
Since there was a lack of good responses I feel I should throw my 2 cents in.

I don't think the wall is a good idea, because I don't think it solves the largest problems we have right now with illegal immigration. There are 2 much larger problems I see that should be focused on first (not saying a wall may be a better answer down the road)

1. Sanctuary cities show that citizens don't care what the government says. If people in America don't want to protect America, it is much more difficult to prevent illegal immigration. 

2. Obtaining a work Visa but failing to follow up with becoming a citizen is the major way illegal immigrants enter our country. Changes need to be made to help make it easier to become a citizen (if you saw how difficult it was you would understand what I'm saying) and enforcing deportation to those that let their visas expire will help combat this issue.

But good luck fixing number 2, with out solving number 1.
Our military/government is the biggest importer of illegal drugs. We supply the poppy growers in Afghanistan with cash and then we bring it back and sell it on the streets. There's a heroine epidemic in this country, particularly in the mid-west. Why not expose our corrupt government? Why do you think Obama kept us in that country?
I wish this was longer
Did you run into anyone that WASNT insane? X-Ray open borders?!! Im speechless.
Im not Mexican i'm Spanish  hahahahaha yeah he doesn't look mayan or aztec at ALL.. this guy is a mestizo all the way .. 80% aztec/mayan and 20% spanish at most. He probably hasn't seen a mirror in like forever.
The second dude is living in a fantasy world.
The Hill just reported that Chuck Schumer shot down McConnell's "stop separating families at the border" law. Chuck's explanation was he wanted to keep the pressure on Trump. So he's concerned about immigrant children being traumatized, but not enough to do anything himself.
I feel bad for the first lady
Why is this one so short
Dont build a wall build an x-ray border that fries them into some  taquitos
I love the stare at the end, that guy was misinformed.
I don't know whether that first lady's interview was funny or terrifying. Leroy seems like he's still working on adjusting his meds to the proper dosages. Damn, you know you got some weird ones when Danielle the transgender man seems sane and normal by comparison.
The wall is a waste of money. High up front cost plus maintenance forever. The effectiveness will be questionable, people will go over, under, through, and around it. It does not change the reasons  people cross illegally. Short term the solution is, laws that add verification for work and any kind of assistance. 
Long term we have to end the drug war. It puts a multi billion dollar industry, into the hands of criminals. The profits are used to buy officials and further corrupt already ineffective native governments. The drug demand is not going to disappear, America loves drugs.
 In the restricted market left in the wake of the drug war the only possible way to defend profits is with violence. The only way to secure production space, distribution, and market share is violence. That is not just true in Mexico and South America, but right here in the US too
The war on drugs has wreaked havoc in poorer areas, of all races. It exacerbates an already high rate of single motherhood, which leads injections of welfare, which leads to more single mothers, which lets to more crime and violence as opportunity is further reduced.

People zoom in to much that they do not see the bigger picture of issues.

Change my mind (love the show)
Build the wall, fine, America can do whatever they want within their territory, but Mexico doesn't have to pay for it...
Steven vetting's important, weed out crack heads & meth addicts.  You can't let em just wander on set cop a squat & start blabbing lol.
Yes!!!!!!!! Weve been wanting you to do this forever!!!! My Man!
this first channel helps understand the bible from a scientific perspective
https://www.youtube.com/user/ReasonsToBelieve1/featured
this channel is good for addressing supposive Bible erros amogst other things 
https://www.youtube.com/user/InspiringPhilosophy/featured
and a third channel that is very helpful in navigating through the Bible itself 
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVfwlh9XpX2Y_tQfjeln9QA
for those who are interested I recommend these channels for understanding why the bible is valid.
Dunning Kruger effect is strong in this one
Can somebody snipe that guy please! Thanks in advance 
Block her ID too lol
You legalized them and they vote freakin democrat or for establishment republicans no thank you
Feminism Is Dead | Change My Mind
I think I got dumber watching this video lmao
Im gonna go out on a limb here and say the second guy prob thinks ppl are talking about martians when they say illegal aliens... just a vibe lol
Crowder's statistics are COMPLETE LIES. Ever notice how he never cites the sources of the stats he provides? Undocumented immigrants DO NOT commit 37% of the murders in this country (as Crowder asserts at 6:31), and I challenge ANY of you to link to a study that proves otherwise.
I think he is trying to describe RFID. We have that with enhanced licenses and I believe its going nationwide soon.
Thousands of real shovel ready jobs!!
What a boring guy, that second one. Good luck with your next governor, New Mexico.
change my build. wall the mind.
His alternatives to the wall assumes everyone will follow his laws and assumes people wont bypass his alternatives the way illegals bypass our border now
People don't realize how stupid they sound yeah let's let them live here so that they don't pay any taxes get paid off the books as they say from crooked Americans who use them like slave labor as well yeah let's do that that's a great idea let's let them come over here and do the jobs that we have for a lot less money because they getting paid in cash and let's give them those jobs so that we don't have any because we're just lazy filthy Americans who don't want to work only thing wrong with that is every single one of us goes out there everyday and breaks our ass for pennies after the government takes all my money to give to people like them  to pay for their emergency visits to pay for their children to go to school to pay for the children's lunches to pay for everything that they get when they're here for free as well as being off the books which any American would love to be paid in cash so the government wouldnt know what they're making and take half of it. That goes for Americans too, who are lazy asses. Time for the free ride to be over for all. Meanwhile both of my children have student loans up their ass and I don't have any money to help them with it what do I get you know what I've gotten so far in 51 years? NADA BABY so yeah I take offense to anyone whose NOT A CITIZEN here thinking they are somehow owed anything.If anyone's owed its ME bitches..get in line.Your 45 years of paying  behind .meh.. I don't have the money to take care of your children I need to take care of my own children sorry
build the wall around CA and deport the left
I lost brain cells listening to this guy.
Second dude blew my mind with his scientificalness.
Change My Mind is literally my favorite thing on YouTube
Im not even mexican and I think building a wall is a stupid waste of money! People will still find a way in! There are better ways to deal with immigration This guy's really ignorant just lost respect for him.
Go Pro dude lives in a weird SciFi fantasy world.
i pLaN oN bEiNg tHe gOvErNor oF nEw mExIcO sO i'Ve bEeN tHinKiNg

You have a lot more patience than me Steven. Keep theses up though
Man, that last interview was like watching a New Star Wars movie, so many plot holes. 

BTW, I just rewatched The Covenant today, and it was great to see a familiar face. Haha. It'd be cool to follow your footsteps someday.
2 days in a row the ad on the vid was crtv
how much $ has the cartels produced by selling drugs in the U.S.? How much $ would it take to produce two elevators and a 100 mile tunnel? 

you short sighted fart heads...
Eddie Bravo without jiu jistu.
I love how speaker #2 basically sets current standards you have to do to come here legally he wasn't even talking about immigration he was thinking about visiting. The whole part describes a similar setup to what we currently have where people who come here legally basically have to sign in and sign out every time they come or go even when heading out of state commonly states have their own border patrol to watch for people doing illegal activities such as for the states with legal marijuana they have people ensuring that these citizens who buy it aren't leaving the state with it, unless for medical purposes.
I like how, at the end of the day.... that second guy was inadvertently arguing the need for a wall. An x-ray wall.
As a Canadian, I don't know a huge heap about this topic, but I do agree with securing the border, knowing who comes in, etc, but "The Wall", as a giant brick wall, fourty feet high? The cost of that is monumentally vast, as well as the cost of maintaining it. A wall is moronic. But securing the border through other means, patrolling the border, better enforcement, and deportation of those who would do harm to Americans, I fully agree. Everything is reasonable, a giant physical wall, is a bit dumb.

Edit. A fence is cheaper, too.
I also want to ask, how many illegal immigrants come through by just walking across a desert? Wouldn't most pass through some port of entry, then overstay their visiting visa?
@10:30 some kind of x-ray scanner? WTF?!
to short , 

you should publish the raw footage , is not like I don't have it or that it will cost you money
These were some dumb "Mexicans" wish there was someone educated there have a real conversation with
I love how he has a reasonable discussion and is willing to listen to the other side of the spectrum
The spanish guy sounds so stupid and keeps contradicting himself.
Leroy is an idiot.....
i was a substitute teacher for a gym a few years back. I was told an entire elementary classroom spoke only Spanish. How many do you think are from families of illegals
These Change My Mind segments should have to be a minimum of 60 minutes or longer. They are just too entertaining.
You guys realize that most illegals over stay their visas, a wall wont stop that. In fact you people are idiots for even thinking this is a good idea.
The second guy has to be special needs or he is the best actor in the world
That guy made some good points honestly. He really believes in positivity. But I just dont think those ideas would work in action. But Im happy with how formal these convos have been Steven! Keep it up man I love these.
wow, some people just have no idea how reality works.
Illegals can get welfare and 10 jobs instantly after arriving .. thats what needs to end.. the wall wont do shit if they can operate once theyre here.
That second dude's ignorance and general stupidity is showing...
Mexicans are great at building underground tunnels, also Mexicans also use a thing called a airplane also, they are not a prehistoric civilisation ffs.. get off your high horse!
That Spaniard definitely has native American blood.
Guy with white shirt is missing a chromosome 
Fuck the wall.
This guy is talking about micro chipping people 
FINALLY, more more more!!!
People just don't understand... what a fucking wall I used for.... WALLS HAVE GATES(DOORS) it's not just a Fucking giant Stone Slab there's a way in... LEGALLY
It's weird being here before this video inevitably gets millions of views. (Sorry for this not being related to the videos content)
Can't force people to bring a valid electronic passcode, or phone etc, with them when they cross the border if there's no border enforcement.
Sure, we should award them for com 8k ng here illegally. This fck face is dumb.
Fuck me that Spanish idiot. WTF?!?!
This was painful to watch
I understand the kid probably wasnt ready to give an idea about border security, buuut.... in order to secure the borders, have no borders.  And we can just have them give up basic human rights of free travel within their new country in order to give them the freedom to be in a new country, and we tag their location every so often to make sure they are still here but we let them.... aah hell with it.  I feel dumber.
When you put your own created ads on your own videos. Really tricking the system of the YouTube dictators, eh?
3,5 % of illegal are Mexican and they commit 37% of crime....I get trouble with the percentage brought up in here. I thought that Mexican made the majority of illegal immigration. ?????
This person has no grasp on the technology in this country 
We can't detect people in that way 
Not even 5-10 years from now
This guy must be American! He's dumb AF as everybody else here 
Dudes talking ab some star trek sci-fi xray border tech lol Sounds like something China is trying to do. He didn't really think his perposal thru. Sounds like 'anything but a wall' type jargon..
Hey, youre white, how do I get these people deported?
Fucking x-ray walls ???? is he Serious ??
just ask any guest who doesn't want the wall...If an illegal immigrant came into their house , and killed one of their beloved family members, what should be the outcome ?
Leroy was the most cringy Change my Mind that I have ever seen.
"I don't know a proper scientifical..."
Spanish guy was cool
1 good question do you have walls in your house???
Well its the same reason why this country and states need walls to for your safety.
WE SHOULD BE ALLOWED TO EXECUTE THESE PEOPLE ON SITE. THAT WOULD STOP FUTURE GENERATIONS FROM COMING OVER.
This is all well and good but the editor did a fucking garbage job at hiding her identity.
"Scientifical"
I love English. "Scientifical." Lol
Donald Trump is racist, change my mind.
The second guy is so cringy > _>
Master minds?!!!
Build the wall with a machine gun nest every 100 feet...
Lol the second dude was nice, but he thinks electronically tagging every illegal that crosses the border (how?) like cattle is a more reasonable and effective solution than a border wall...?
Screw that please do this one again the first person wasn't very articulate and the second was more opinionated than he needed to be though he was much better than the first.
Hopefully the Mexican lady is ok, anyone that lives in her neighborhood will recognize her voice and what she's wearing. She probably should've talked to him about her neighborhood off camera..
FINALLY!!
Yeah boi. Keep putting out these videos.
Gee wiz
The guy is just rambling out of his a$$. Knee jerk reaction with the wall #justbuildit
Hi Mr. Crowder, I'm that free loader.  Thank you loads putting up your videos..though I do not support Trump, awful president really, I do support our constitution
my iq has finally dropped to sub-zero levels.
The wall worked with a 90% improvement in stopping illegal immigration in Poland, so Im sold.
2nd guy: we are all people!! No borders!!! Fair treatment!!!  
Steven: How can we tax them?  how can we monitor them?? 
2nd Guy: some sort of electronic ID tag or scanners w/o a way to control flow through said scanners...
So "electric tags" for them... sounds "nice".....and no way to actually control flow in and out of the country.... with an xray scanner border????  sounds worthless and expensive!!!
A New Mexico Gubernatorial ad calling for constant global GPS tracking of all individuals would barely register on the embarrassing progressive campaign ad ratings in 2018.
How can i meet these masterminds?
These are some weak ass arguments. Like there are actually good arguments against this lol it sucks that people are so uneducated and then come and spew out whatever theyve heard their friends say.
I really respect the people that actually sit down to talk to you, stating their own opinions, because thats what America is all about, but when people yell at you with no reasonable argument, it makes me want to punch them in the face. What you do on this channel is great, so glad Im subscribed.
Holy shit, just got an actual crowder ad before your video 
Hmm lame I want more from this one, I was expecting some long heated debates.
Electronic ID tagging of citizens??? That guy is an Orwellian Dystopian Government's dream.
@louderwithcrowder Are there any real arguments that are edited out, or is the left's defense truly this weak? I think the "Wall" is a terrible idea and sure as hell could discuss it for at least 5 minutes
That New Mexican guy wants to be a slave via 1984. Please tax me and track my every movement
End drug prohibition and the welfare State and then no need for a wall. Come on, people. You all know that it's the fact. Be a true Libertarian. Be an American. Be an Anarchocapitalist. BTW- I wanted Rand Paul but was Town Chair for Trump in NH. Trump is very cool compared to all the Statists
i think the "Spanish"  guy is actually legit retarded
out of those 37% murderers that are illegal citizens, how many deaths are accounted for other illegal citizens? i find it hard to believe that those illegals are killing american citizens at that rate.
Wait is crowder wearing his ranger panties?
That was painful
The only reason I think that building a wall isnt going to solve a damn thing is because People are still going to find other ways to get into this country illegally. Also the idea that trump has that Mexico is gonna pay for a wall is also stupid because they arent gonna pay for a damn thing. 
Yes illegal immigrants should apply for citizenship the proper way. But the reason people who come from third world countries like Guatemala they dont have money to get their citizenship. Because there is a fee. And for the people who are already here illegally who want to apply for citizenship risk being deported, taken from their families, and facing jail time in their own countries. They are being robbed rapped and their government is so corrupted to the point where calling the police for help doesnt help because theyll rob and rape you too. And they are running from that. Thats why people break the law of coming here illegally. If youre here as an immigrant just to break the law fuck that and fuck you because you make the rest of them look bad. The people who actually are here to change their lives for the better. To provide for their families to get an education. For those who pay their taxes and follow the law. Youre ruining it for the rest of them.
X-ray scanner but no border or wall. Im done.
Bullshit Steven Crowder, you just keep lying and lying to try to look good. Donald Trump has said SEVERAL TIMES that Mexicans are bringing in drugs and criminals through the border! STOP FUCKING LYING YOU FUCK!
A lot of people describe this ideal process that sounds a lot like what we already have in place that their not following
4:20 "Might find some areas where we disagree, versus areas where we disagree"
Hey Guv-nah!
There is already a wall... just saying
That he thinks it's easier to build a giant x-ray than build a wall.
the second guy wasn't very smart lol
Grats on 2 million subs.
What this guy has been thinking about this for 3 years I would not have thought that
I agree that we do need to build or at least reinforce the wall. I love Mexico and my family and friends from there but those who try to come in illegal should at least make it an effort to become citizens. If many people come in and take money from the government but dont put in as much as a regular citizen would then Im sorry.
Illegal Hispanics are the trash of our country. Not racist. Just a fact
I bet when Steven was done he was disappointed that there wasn't 1 person to have a intelligent conversation with. Kind of a waste of a day.
Xray detector in the middle of the desert. Brilliant.
I love that Crowder looks into the camera like hes Jim from the Office
Second guy wants 1984.
Hey I'm as much of futurist as the next person, but that dude is very mistaken about how soon these changes could feasibly take place wide-scale. The economics of infrastructure innovations and changes are very complicated.
100% of illegal immigrants commit crimes.
The New Mexico guy was literally describing a wall! 
Garbage episode lol
OHHH BOOOYYYY
The left is collectively retarded | change my mind
I'D NEED TO SPEAK 2 A PARTICULAR INDIVIDUAL.. IDIOCRACY.
That second guy must have been high or something.
Even though I am right-leaning, I can't support the wall. Not because of the cost, not because of immigration issues, but because of the environmental problems it creates. It cuts off certain animal populations (many of which are endangered or threatened) from moving back and forth across the border in order to find suitable habitat. I can't support something that severely hurts the environment and further fragments habitat that is already scarce. Some of these species are on the brink of extinction as it is.
Ever heard of a plane? A rope? a shovel? a boat? the 4th of July when everybody and their mother is shitfaced? This isn't the 15th century we need a DOME
listening to that last guy was cancer
Second dude made absolutely zero sense
That guy was so hard to listen to. He used absolutely no logic and didn't engage in the conversation meaningfully.
Immigration related change my mind !!!
Lovin' the hottie in the background.
That second guy literally had no idea what he was talking about
"just make them citizens and tax them". You can't tax hordes of welfare recipients only who drain away the tax dollars of actual working people. Leroy has no clue how reality works.
I work in an industry comparable to picking strawberries .. I am a construction worker " Carpenter" and I can tell you in the last 30 years .. Wages have stagnated and have gone down in real terms ..A great part of the reason is illegals ..  Yes they work hard just like I do .. I have worked with many of them. I talk with them and try to understand .. I fully understand wanting to come here for a better life where there hard work translates into prosperity .. In all my years . When payday came .. All illegals got an envelop filled with cash and I got a check with deductions . In essence . I made less for the same work . On a side note .. In my years , I have seen less and less black workers in the residential .. They used to be the masons , painters , concrete and a few carpenters .. They are all gone ! .. Now if I was a celebrity or someone in a field of work that required a degree like medical or financial .. I wonder if I would be on the side of open borders .. because I know it wouldn't affect me but help me to have a guy mow my yard for a few bucks
Super fast and cheap travel in 5 to 10 years.  Boy, they've been promising that dream since the 50's and almost 70 years later we're not that much closer, probably further as air travel has probably gotten a bit slower in those 'long packed' airport lineups that are dissuading people from flying.
Family has lived in New Mexico since the 1550's...huh?
So cattle tags, yeah that's worked out in the past
Said wall would only keep people in, not out. Look at the history of walls. Our border walls keep people form leaving America more than they keep people from illegally immigrating.
Watching this video and videos like Nuance bro that interview people make me realise that Americans are so ready for nwo its fuckin terrifying to be honest that guy literally said we should chip people. That coupled with the left's willingness to abandon the 2nd ammendment and free speech and promote truly demonic shit like infinite genders  etc and just the total stupidity I see. We're a dictatorship waiting to happen
Steven couldve really done well with being on a debate team younger in life. Hed be a lot more humble. He gets off on making people feel intellectually short.
"then Americans are selling the drugs (they) so you can't point the finger only at the (illegal immigrants)." Yeah. No one is doing that. Illegal immigrants that bring drugs in have to FIRST bring them in. HAVE EVER HEARD OF ADDRESSING THE ROOT OF A PROBLEM!?!?!!? NO DRUGGY IN! NO DRUGGY TO SELLY!!! GENIUS!
"Give them citizenship and then tax them"...??? Hey dipshit there are already millions of Americans who are willing to work and be taxed but they can't because illegal scum take the jobs and don't pay taxes and also get welfare, food stamps, section 8 free housing! Yeah fuck that retard and FUCK EVERY LAST ILLEGAL SCUMBAG IN MY COUNTRY!!!!!
"I consider this a small percentage of things." - Statistics The Man 2018
Its so obvious. Might as well ask do you wish to see white people drowned out and dead in their own countries or not? Mexicans would like to see more Mexicans around them than white people. Its only natural. Its somehow unnatural though when white people want to be around white people and protect their borders. That is somehow unconscionable. So one side can express fierce ethnocentrism while the other side has to publicly renounce any type of in group preference. Wonder which side is going to win.
Good luck with that governor fairytale.
Mastermind individual here.
I have the solution to what he wants. We need a big wall with x rays. And by x rays I am sure he meant extermination rays.
X-RAY SCANNER? THAT SHIT IS FUNNY! GOOD LORD, THAT GUY IS A FEW BEANS SHORT OF A BURRITO!
I feel out of breath just LISTENING to the second guy.
colin moriarty on how to fix illegal immigration
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7SkvqkHCp74
X-ray? Is this the future?
God that was soooo cringy to watch. I'm actually surprised I made it through the whole thing. I was actually looking forward to another solid debate by you. No real surprise that all the opposers just wanted to shout profanities and flip the bird. I found it funny that both interviewees actually wanted the 'wall' in one form or another, haha.

I'm really only opposed to the wall for financial reasons. I think it's a pretty significant waste of money. But at the same time, we do have a large problem. Even if we were to offer free citizenship, and perhaps even free healthcare (for a period of time) to entice them to want to become legal, I'm not sure we would see much change. I think the outrage we are seeing from people crying about people being deported is a little misguided. The option was always there to become legal. It's not like the individual was only there a couple of weeks. I'd say it's more than likely been years of them mooching. I wish more people thought more logically about the situation instead of just crying about a wall and deportation. Just like driving your car, if you speed, you will eventually be caught. If you don't change your oil, you'll eventually blow your motor. There will be consequences for not coming over legally, so why not just change your oil asap?
Love these segments, really helps inform me on facts, used to be anti gun until I saw your change my mind on gun control. Now I'm an owner of a fire arm and try to inform my friends on the misconceptions on gun control.
The second guy is delusional man. He's fucking nuts.
That poor lady... I hope she stays safe.
That guy... I had to scroll to the comment because I was grimacing so hard. He would agree with you until he realised it was direct contradiction to his previous statement.
Ah yes, he foresees ALL countries dissolving their borders. It is not like people engaged in war for many years, throughout the centuries in order to secure their countries and obtain more land.
Without borders, countries could not exist. You would end up with a single government ruling the actual fucking Earth.
This is silly. The whole idea of a wall began when the barbarians were coming into a group's village and r@ping and pillaging, and leaders were born who created defensible lines that protected their women and children. The borders can only expand when you are sure that the culture has expanded, but on the other hand, expansion brings complexity to border control and is risky. I mean nobody is going to want a group of ISIS people just moving in whenever they want.. I mean geez.
The second guy has a vision of the future that reminds me of people that believed we would have flying cars in the 80s. Also he's against borders but wants to track where people are and are going at all times? Looking forward tio his gubernatorial race.
I hope the First lady that went up is safe lol
LOL the dude so no borders in 5 to 10 years? Open borders is an imaginary ideal. It would be great but the world is not peaceful. Terrorism is happening all the time. We need borders to prevent terrorism, fuck the drugs.
Fuck my wall??? Na na na BITCH!!! Fuck your feelings.
I know you probably won't read this Steven, but the act of literally building the wall is a stupid idea.  To be clear, I am not against the idea of stricter illegal immigration control but am against the literal building of a wall.  For starters most illegal immigrants come to America through boats.  Building a literal concrete wall wouldn't stop the majority of illegal immigration.  An actual border wall would be a massive waste of taxpayer money and not even stop the majority of illegal immigration.   A much better idea would be to take a percentage of the millions, even billions of dollars that it would take to build a useless concrete wall of that magnitude and invest that money into more military boats patrolling the seas.  The waterways around the border need to be controlled a lot more than the land borders need to be.  This is a much more effective solution to the illegal immigration problem than building a concrete waste of money.  Trump cited the success of Israel's border wall which was pretty dumb because Israel's border is marginally smaller than ours.  For our purposes, stricter naval control of our waterways and oceans would  cost much less and work much better than a concrete wall.
Ok ok I'll bite on not building the wall.. sooo how about we compromise on stop supporting illegals with my tax dollars instead. That way they'll just leave on their own.
That guy was on to something- instead of the wall, one large x-ray beam the length of the boarder. Invisible wall, just wait at the hospitals for people reporting radiation sickness. Great idea logical left!
The second guy was on some deep Star trek, peaceful Nazi, doped up on some next level weed  kind of vibe. What the hell
WTF was that dude trying to say? It's build the wall change my mind, not build the wall confuse my mind.
Gender wage Gap is a myth changed my mind.
BUILD THE WALL
Leroy seems like he has a lot of dirt under his rug...
Congratulations on 2 million subscribers
Coming from New Mexico and being of Spanish decent the same as him, Why is it always the retarded New Mexicans and not the ones who can speak right. #MAGA #GoTrumporCry #BuildTheWall
And the mark of the beast has just been explained by that guy
America is so awesome - bro has a dream of becoming the Mayor of NM.  Good for him!
LOL Stevens face at the end perfectly expressed my sentiments.
This was so hard to watch.
That guy who wants to be the Governor of New Mexicio is possibly the dumbest man to ever talk to Steven......meaning there's a good chance he could be elected there 
The pain is trying to be nice to idiots.
Been in New Mexico since 1560's?! LMAOOOOO
I dont like the mental image of a borderwall, but I like all the safety and the falling rate of crime that comes from having one.
Leroy seems like a nice guy with a good heart but boy is he misinformed and he is Jurassic Lee way out of the scope of what reality really is I mean I dont think he even understands the magnitude of what hes trying to imply there thats in sane have someone walk through a scanner and write a written letter of why theyre there he  talks about. Not believing in borders but yet having someone to go through a scanner with an electronic number and have a written letter of why theyre there he makes no sense at all..  BUILD THE WALL!!! #MAGAMOVEMENT TRUMP2020!
Cover up that lady's nametag please!
I also wanted to ask you what are your thoughts on legalizing cannabis
The wall would be the biggest waste of money. Ever heard of underground tunnels, boats and airplanes? The money spent on the wall could used somewhere else that actually can curb illegal immigration
Gary Busey or guy number 2 for the next u.s. president.
Crowder is the cunt type
At first I thought "why are you blurring the lady's face? Everyone always shows their face on this segment. Self censorship to play youtube's game?" Then I realized "oh, snitches get stitches, and this is for safety."
Oooo this is gonna be a good one
Build a wall? No. Crack down on immigration? Yes
Why don't we go after the employers that give jobs to undocumented workers? If you don't give them jobs they won't come. Same with drugs, quit buying them and they won't bring them.
So an x-ray border. When I heard that I lost my shit!
Edit: wouldn't an x-ray border cost more than a physical wall?smh
What percentage of illegal immigrants commit crimes? Ummm......100% because otherwise they wouldnt be called illegal immigrants lol
I believe in a stronger border and stronger border control, but I dont believe a wall will stop much. Illegal immigration happens everywhere, but I feel its strongest right now in visas. These people fly into the country on a work visa and then just never leave. Thats a very popular way to illegally immigrate. If someone can give any ideas on how to stop that from happening, let me know.
This 90 day fiance bs needs to go too..I have 2 young stupid girls  I work with who are both right now using the court systems to get out of 90 day marriages that they fell for..the one guy beats up the girl. Now it cost us MORE money and they will probably remain here.. enough of this craziness ..iys dumb
I NEED AN HOUR
The "not comfortable woman" that sat down.  OBTW the guy was an idiot.
I am still waiting to travel fast with the flying car I was promised half a century ago.
These people you talk to Crowder, unbelievably stupid. Its really sad. I like the look you gave at the end, says it all.
a databasa
"the wall wont stop illegal immigration"
no but it will reduce it by a massive amount, between 60%-73%, according to some studies. which is the goal, reducing illegal immigration, and getting our immigration system under control, which would allow more people to come here legally, once everything is fixed.
so it seems to me that a wall is nothing but good news from this point of view.
forget the wall!, build a giant x ray scanner to scan for ID tags.. lmfao
You may of just got this lady killed
HOW IN THE FUCK ARE YOU GOING TO TAX AN ILLEGAL IMMIGRANT? SECOND GUY, AH DOESNT KNOW SHIT, AH! YOU KNOW, AH!
Is that the van you guys travel in? lol
The second person made no argument.
"Wet should keep the death penalty" change my mind
R.I.P x
Geez, this was abnormally hard to watch...
Link to the crime statistics he was saying at 6:38?
I agree with the woman, Im sure like most immigrants (me included) when she goes through customs she goes through secondary. It takes hours to get through customs. There are no guarantee that you can get through. Many immigrants will be afraid to go to the wall. The wall will be institutionalized. Im not about that
Leroy. Not the brightest bulb in the box....
LMAO.. that face at the end!
drone monitored border. problem solved.
Dude just one interview, and a crazy man at that? Give us more content!
I lost so many brain cells listening to the guy in the white shirt
Was that second guy high ? He was fucking clueless! !!!!!!! He wants to be governor  I'm surprised Steven didn't burst out laughing !
Governor of NM, fat chance kid, you don't have 2 brain cells to rub together, oh wait.........maybe he does have a chance.
That guys completely insane
Yes your face at the end of that says it all, utterly brainwashed, i'd be interested to know his IQ, i bet its not anywhere near triple figures.
So does crowder want a wall fr or hes just doing it for the show?
That guy is retarded
wtf this video was short af
The guy was an idiot
Does anybody know the link to the go green global guys recorded video?  I want to watch Crowder's facial reactions to him talking.
Hey Jared...imprinting over the fanny-pack is not a look that most people can pull off...but by God you sunnuva bitch you did it. Also that Spanish dude is bout as sharp as a bowl of marbles. X-ray border uh? I know it was on the spot, but jeezus think before you speak man.
I'm not sure people who have the option to skip taxes would willingly pay taxes
Holy shit the dude with the white shirt is dumb. You can't "tax Mexicans and put their money back in the economy". To begin with, these fresh immigrants will be poverty line for years after their arrival. Second, that's already happening. Mexicans work and buy goods and use services which puts their money back in the economy. Spanish guy's opinion is probably the stupidest thing I've heard all day.
This one was a little boring.
Why don't we crack down on businesses a people who pay illegal immigrants?
That last guy was pretty chill
Just pissed my pants.
Tocos tocos
That guy is so stupid. Lol 
Talk about cheap pricks. What about the 14 minutes of wasted time you stole from however many thousand people
Just look at the Berlin wall, let's see if ours will come down by the end of this century
They shouldve built a wall back in 1550 To keep this guys ancestors out.
Some sort of x-ray scanner 
Thank god for water borders
What a friggin idiot. That guy is dumber than a box of rocks.
Lol, so he wants us to LoJack everyone?
great wall of america
That guy says he is Spanish?...as in from Spain?...PFFFT!!!
Hospitals in California are shutting down left and right because illegals go there and get medical treatment and then never paying the bill. What this does is make it so that citizens who need emergency services will have to travel that much further to reach the medical treatment. As a result people die because treatment is to far away.  This is a huge problem that needs to be addressed among the plethora of problems illegal aliens bring to our country.
First of all this guy is not what he claims. Maybe half Spanish decent, but my mother is of Mexican descent and I'm of a more fair complexion, my father being of German descent. Additionally, this guy has a very strong accent, either grew up in Mexico or a hispanic ghetto. Also, his ideas and grammar are beyond ludacris. An electronic ID and X Ray border? What kind of 1984 bullshit is that? Then again maybe he's just sophistic and pseudo intellectual enough to provide the kind of rhetoric necessary to become a politician, it's not like the plebians respond to patrician dialogue.
These people can vote, ladies and gentleman.
Steven with the Jim Halpert face at the end lol.
Damn Mexicans and their not registering for the X-ray boarder! They outsmartn us errrrr-time.
spain? no dude look at you no smh
The Mexican guy who says "I'm not Mexican but from Spain" is definitely MIXED with Amerindian, he just has a big stick up his ass about it. And what he's suggesting, "the X-ray" Scanner and/or implantation of tracking chip without the wall is IMPOSSIBLE! Besides, these things would be useless. They can remove the chip. This guy's an IDIOT!!!
X-rAy BoRdEr
Anyone notice the fake Mexican adds Ah or Uh to the end of half the words he says?
WTF did I just watch?
The guy in the 10 min mark... he said we should remove borders all in all... but then his suggestion to monitor who enters and leaves the country is exactly like a port of entry... and port of entries are pointless without borders so...
The second guy thinks Star Wars is around the corner




But honestly, how does a dirt poor Honduran man get a virtual ID?
Im hispanic... I come from 2 illegal parents.. I was raised to believe i was mexican.. I belived the democrat party was for the people.. N then i grew up .. N i started paying taxes in CA.. I was paying $800 a week in taxes..!! I was like wtffffff... Thats when i realized there was a problem .. I started researching info. On our govt and the parties running this country.. Thats when i realized.. Im not mexican.. IM AMERICAN... IM A HARD WORKING AMERICAN GETTING TAXED UP THE ASS TO SUPPORT ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS AND ANTI-AMERICAN PARTY(DEMOCRATS) ... I realized the democrats use minorities to stay in power... As of today.. I will be dam if i let any one call me mexican.. I say im Hispanic yes... But im an AMERICAN.... Build the wall n fight to keep america free and great ... Trump 2020
My God, this is amazing. The "Spanish" guy LOLLLLLL. 
Also, Crowder you should give us an option (not a student anymore) to contribute to you and your show in an amount that is less than $99.
I hope that dude does become Governor of New Mexico one day. He's young and passionate, he has the true spirit of America within him. He will learn and grow, and become a lot wiser by the time he becomes Governor because he has an open mind. I'm glad people like him exist. Not everybody has to have all the answers, but his attitude is a good one for finding the answers. If you see this I hope you do it one day dude!
That second guy is either crazy or has a sub-80 IQ. Was this really the best content you got out of that day of filming? 

I'm not interested in changing the mind of someone who literally can't hold a coherent thought for even second.
You can tax them and try to make money off them but the reality is, they send BILLONS of US dollars back to Mexico,  taking It out of our economy.
The second guy has no clue...and he thinks he is going to be governor of New Mexico? LMAO
Personally i want strick immigration control and deportation of illegals but i think a wall may be effective but i do not think it will be cost efficient, im pretty sure it will impare the cartels more than illegals not that im complaining
JaJaJa
That dude better NOT be the future Governor of New Mexico. People who really believe in a borderless society have been brainwashed enough that the NWO doesn't have to push their agenda anymore.
Build a X-Ray Wall! MAGA
Wait. That was it? That seemed to end quickly.
Who's going to pay for it though? I don't disagree with the wall I think it would be a good idea as long as tax payers don't have to pay for it.
That last guy is what happens when you give everyone a participation trophy and abolish grades in school...
Considering 80-90% of Narcotics sold in America and Canada come via Mexico,  Stopping any of that is a good then when you consider the social issues created by them.
Homie, you need to stay in school bro! Oh hell no I'm not voting for you for Governor of New Mexico. I'll run against you vato!
An X-ray border? Is this a real thing or is this a star treck reference?
YEAH! lets usea scientifical ray; that should do the trick.
X-RAY BORDERS BRO
Vote Leroy
Build it, we have too many illegals and it's not fair who have done it mostly right ( should still learn or start learning English before you get here ) to let them come here.
Worse were Obama's bullshit policies that were giving benefits to illegals.
Simple question: Why does it have to be a wall between US and Mexico? there ain't no wall between US and Canada, or barely any other borders in the world (with a few exceptions).... What function does the wall have? keeping people out? Is a wall, or any sort of structure, without supervision 24/7 gonna keep an entire country at bay? let alone the cartels... if they wanna smuggle shit over, they will succeed. No wall's gonna stop a billion dollar drug empire... my conclusion: the wall won't do shit, except costing a lot of money.
nibba talkin about xrays lmao
What surprised me most was your cool demeanor with the X-ray wall dude. 
Pretty soon some you tuber will put out a man owns himself video. Jeeze, that was nuts
4:50 it's going back into their economy because they send all of our money to Mexico. Without borders a country isn't a country. 12:20 Ever hear of cocaine? I can agree with pharmaceuticals being miss used but that's a different story.
That last guy said "uh" at the end of every other word
131 illigal immigrants dont want the wall 
Ask them in the future if they would live in a house with no walls. People have differentiate thoughts if they think its something they will never be impacted by.
I have no idea how you could keep a straight face Steven.
That ending shot 
Man, these are one of my favorite youtube series! Do "fat acceptance is fundamentally  wrong; change my mind. "
Quick question! If you are in the United States illegality isnt that a crime itself? And if so that would be 100% of the illegal immigrants in the United States are committing crime. So you cant say they are not doing anything wrong if they are in the United States.
Yea whispering into a microphone is really smart lmao
Leroy is on drugs.
The guy from Santa Fe was basically describing now. Lol
No 
A 20 billion wall, at a time where immigration is at net zero according to a pew study...no thanks. It's fiscally irresponsible and not practical.

It would require us to tear though private land and the possibility of displacing Americans on the wrong side of the border. It is one of the least thought out ways to stop immigration.
Dub better than Sub. Change my mind
No border, no politicians.
3.5% of the pop are illegals. 37% commit all the murders. Did I hear that right? Why doesn't everyone know that stat? That is a crisis!
The Leftist MSM's goal is make a populous of idiots.
I love how you knew he didnt have an idea what he was taking about so you spared him an embarrassment.
Ok ...umm you cannot tax people that are unidentifiable and crossing illegally. You gonna put a guard shack in the desert collecting taxes? I think people do not understand the illegal part of Illegal immigration.
I'm not against having a wall, it's just the cost that worries me, since estimates floating around are at least $10 billion, some going as high as $70 billion. Is that worth it? Maybe, but it might be better to save that and chip away at the deficit.
Everyone should know their is a wall already up (fenced) its just in very poor condition
Off topic- you mean every thing youve said not related to a wall or border enforcement.
It's the low IQ parade.
Build the wall, close borders to mexico and muslim countries.

and everywhere else!

There, no racism. If you can't be adults about sharing this country then no one outside gets to come.
That Spaniard is not smart. He wants a techno police state.
What kinda cyberpunk shit was the second guy going on about?
First
Does anyone have any Aleve?
that last guy you talked to was nuts and had no clue about any of this stuff or how to solve the problems. It was all ideological and faith in someone smarter being able to figure out a way to solve the problem using the virtue the guy decided had to be.
What's up with the dudes shorts in the background early in the video, grey shorts African American....
11:25 I don't want a border, I want an X-Ray border
I wonder if Stephen regrets doing the first one of these?  Because he's gonna have to do them forever now.
I always hear that building the wall is not going to stop them from coming in. Yet they vehemently even panicky scream out they are against it. The truth is it will slow down illegal immigration significantly and they know it. If it wont stop it it shouldnt matter.  But when faced with reality that sets in, so does the fear. They will do and say anything to prevent it.


Edit: the argument has been its about the amount of tax payer money it would cost to build the wall. Though it is hard to get the exact number. It is known that it costs taxpayers 100 of Billions if taxes over a few years or in a single year. Point being we could build the wall one just one or two years would have the wall built. Also ineviatbable its not slowing down. Can you imagine the strain on our economy 10 more years? How many walls could be built. At what point is it enough, where do we say enough is enough. This is not something we can burden year after year.
Forgot to blur that ID lol
I might've just not been paying attention but how do I find full versions of this
It blows my mind that the guy who sat down is allowed to vote. How can anyone with such STUPID ideas be allowed to even survive without a caretaker.
Come on people...let's give a hand of applause to the second male individual. He might not be educated on political or news sites. But he spoke right off of his mind and that takes guts. Even if your disagreeing with someone, dont take that individual own character out of context. My best friend is a liberal and I HATE him for being left sided but when all set aside and whe playing fortnite. We joke about everything and dont cared about each interest on trump or whatever.
Change my mind celebrity edition would be really interesting to watch
The second interview made me go crazy, he's been an American his whole life but can't even talk correctly. If he becomes the governor of nm dear God help us all. Pulling stats out of his ass.
Another guaranteed to go platinum.
woops, planes. woops, ladders. woops, boats. lol
That Hispanic dude had homework ideas than anyone he wants to put chips in people so they can be tracked it sounds like I prefer a wall in that case
Not a good Change My Mind segment. Wish you would've tried again, got some actual conversations on video, and tied in the some of that first sit-down.
That last second made my day
Mastermind individuals  I can just see it now!  Dr. Evil, Hannibal Lector and lex Luther sitting around a table discussing this.
So the second guy wants to implant a digital chip into every single possible immigrant and install a 2,500 mile long x-ray scanner because he thinks a brick wall is too inefficient? Just making sure. I cant wait till he runs for governor of NM.
2nd guy is just begging to have an ID chip implanted into his neck. Because travel will be way faster.
Hahaha the guy is just to way out there, we need to digital tag illegal immigrants and have an xray border after he finds his masterminds
Like ur argument agree with everything excerpt the wall. Why? Because it is a waste of money that they could just fly over it(plain), climb over it, and by tunnel. This wall will be a wall worth billions of dollars with no actual good TODAY TECHNOLOGY to actually make it offective. It would be better to just put more people securing it
"An X-ray border" ...... lmaoof..... I'll teleport there with my ray gun .... wtf?
Just tax them

Yea thats really gonna stop or help....hard to tax when they come in ILLEGALLY and are UNDOCUMENTED.


X-ray border
Future Governor of New Mexico lol wew
I disagree with building the wall. We should invade Mexico and "clean" it up the way we have the Middle East. #MakeMexicoGreatAgain and they'll stop wanting to come here en masse.
Trump 2020 build that wall 
Imagine if Hildabeast was Prez.
I completely support Trump's wall. I do the #BuildthatWall hashtag, and I support that, but I personally think that a wall might be little extreme. I think background checks and other ID's should be so much more tighter to secure the border. Now I understand, that they will still hop the fence and still get in easy. I honestly think we should do what North Korea does for their border with South Korea. Land mines, and dangerous explosives to give these people that want to illegally immigrate, the idea that ILLEGALLY immigration is wrong, and they either legally immigrate, or don't immigrate at all. Many might disagree. But I also support the wall because of what the Great Wall of China did for them. They built it to stop the Mongolians from coming in and murdering people, setting fire to villages, and raping women. And that worked and the wall is still they today. A wall will help America, but sometimes I think it might be extreme. Some might think that my idea of land mines is awful, and probably will make the situation worse. Opinions are opinions. I respect yours, if you respect mine.
To go into Canada from most countries you dont need a visa only a passport. If someone really can not get a visa all they need is a passport fly to Canada and walk into the US. No wall. To avoid drugs from crossing, lets be real tons of drugs cross everyday some may cross under or over the current call the the biggest problem is that  is a demand. If there is a demand the product will get to the place of demand. They main drug issues is the US needs to prevent drug use. The wall will not fix anything it is just a big expense on the tax payers and can be used on public spending like drug prevention
Damn this guy is an idiot
Okay this guy i thought was just a troll
This is classic LMFAO Love the face at the end
Build the wall.
How about believing that immigration policies be strong, but also believing that a wall in the 21st century is laughable in terms of actually keeping anyone out and considering the enormous cost? Immigration is very, very important... but lets honestly evaluate the feasibility that a wall is going to provide. Short of that wall being manned by armed guards every quarter of a mile, it will never make an appreciable difference. Climb over, tunnel under, blow a hole through it, etc.... the walls we have now have tunnels leading from Tijuana, MX to El Centro, CA... and in order to apply countermeasures to those things, it costs even more money. We're talking thousands of square miles and billions of dollars... This isn't ancient China... we can do better than a fucking wall.
Jose the idiot can't form a sentence.
A long continuous wall would not work. A wall cutting through tall ass mountains and border communities and nearby ecosystems harms the environment plus costs shitton of cash. Also there are places where illegal immigrants dont really cross, and putting a wall there is really useless. Having a solid wall just for the sake of blocking  visibility is  not really practical when electric fences, drones, trenches, death traps, and extreme weather works even better.
What year does this guy think we're living in
Hes has some dumb thinking.
The second guy was just painful to listen to
The kid in the white shirt is an absolute moron...
Xray borders lol
How about the US just conquer Mexico and make them a territory. Problem solved. It wouldnt be hard to take them over. Their military sucks balls.
What the hell is going on with the back of that spanish dudes head? Is that just some gross ass fat?
Its always amazing when people shut down ideas to prevent a problem but then never have one to substitute current one.
Illegal immigrants help the economy.
Build the wall and fire all the rapist and murderers into it with a catapult.
The Mexican dude wants to put stars on their chests and make them stand out.
Electronic ID sounds like the end times...people are giving up freedom for security, i don't want the gov  or anyone knowing where i am 24/7
If we're literally talking about building a wall between USA and Mexico i'd change your mind by pointing out the absurd cost for something that would minimally reduce illegal border crossings. It's 2018 not 13th century china trying to keep out mongolians on horseback. However immigration reform I am in favour of for all countries. I think legal immigration should be made more efficient and easier and illegal immigration should be cracked down on.
Talking to the 2nd guy was the biggest waste of time ever lmao. Good episode tho.
10:21 this dude gets increasingly more cringey
DON'T BUILD THE WALL - CHANGE MY MIND

I didn't really learn anything from this video as the arguments on the don't build the wall side were pretty dreadful and poorly thought out, plus it was a relatively short video. So I want to learn more from people who think a wall should be built. 

My thinking is this: (Please correct me if I'm wrong)

1. According to Homeland Security, it will cost around 21.6 billion US dollars to build, not including maintenance (which was backed up by politifact). That's a pretty high opportunity cost, especially when you think of the crumbling infrastructure and the troubled education system in many parts of America that could desperately do with more funding. Despite what Trump says, the Mexican government are not going to pay for it and have officially stated on numerous occasions that they aren't going to. How can you justify the cost?

2. Forgetting the cost and the time it would take to build, it's hard to see how much of an effect it would actually have on illegal immigration and the drug trade. Walls aren't exactly the most perfect way of stopping people from transporting goods or even crossing the border. People have been using tunnels for quite a long time and this would still happen even if there was a wall. As for transporting drugs, people could easily just throw it over or use a drone or something.

EDIT

First of all, what's with the hostility of so many of you? I just stated my opinion and said I wanted to learn more about it, and I've already been called a dumbass and told that I should be strung up on the wall. 

It seems that some of you don't understand the difference between a country's government fiscal budget and their current account. Saying that the country will pay for it "with trade" doesn't make sense (unless they put massive tariffs on all imports and Mexico don't put any tariffs on US exports, i.e. not going to happen.)

Also, if there was a wall there, do you not think that they would just find another way to get in? A large proportion of US illegal immigrants come via plane and overstay their visas. Building the wall would just lead to an increase in the number of people doing this.

A lot of you have quoted that illegal immigration costs the us over $100 billion dollars a year. Please say where you got this statistic from, as it's wrong according to almost every source I've checked
Intellectually incompetent.... just wow.
Scienfifical x-ray border invented by mastermind individuals!
an Xray station that will run basically 24/7... it honestly would be cheaper to build a wall im just sayin
Is that Eddie Bravo's brother? He makes the same amount of sense.
Scientifical
https://imgur.com/a/G8z9JLH
Meme this immediately.
Nothing about this surprise me. I'm not surprised that the lady is more afraid of the illegal immigrants then the police and I'm certainly not surprised with Leroy. He's a freaking moron. He gave me a headache.
Build the wall, but on the southern border of Mxico.
are you actually building the wall ? :D
hey man i didn't know you was gonna be in austin for the change my mind gender i would of came out and chilled with ya. i live in austin.
Annex Mexico. Change my mind.
Steven reminds me of Tom Hanks, only smarter
Fuck you crouder
wants x-ray scanner > doesn't want a wall to force them to have to go through the scanner
I love your videos but you could get that lady into trouble posting a video of her reporting dangerous people in her apartment complex. You should really consider removing her video rather than just blurring her face out
Hillary Is A Criminal Change my Mind
Libtards cant come up with ONE LOGICAL ARGUEMENT!!!!!!! Libtards are the most angry illogical people ever!!!!!! Please use logic! Please build the wall! Trump 2020!!!!! Oh and btw, all colors are equal!!!!the only real racists are American blacks! They are sooooo racist
Holy. Fack. How does Crowder NOT bust out laughing at Mr X-ray border guy.  That guy needs to lay off the coffee.... and/or LSD.
I vote we build the wall around Wyoming to. Aint got no beef with them but I feel like theres somthin going on out there. No way they just stare at clouds and day dream they have been planning somthing I can feel it.
"I one day plan to be the governor of New Mexico "... hilarious.  Good luck with that,  dumb dumb.  
That dude was way too ahead of himself
Wow, the last guy smokes a lot of weed....
The Governor of New Mexico
The people in this change my mind were just as stupid as the typical lefty's that crowder deals with but way more lackadaisical and less threatening which just made for a video that was hard to watch. More liberal obliteration less poorly opinionated shmucks please.
Where did you shoot this video? Kind of reminds me of Austin...
Leroy is on meth
Please try and post change my minds that have literate guests. when you have two people who can't form a proper sentence it really makes the video unentertaining.
That X-Ray boarder sounds soo cool!
Nothing kills brain cells faster than listening to a leftist explain their position
The only legitimate borders are private property borders. Change my mind
Rip x 












Wait wrong video 
Ill let myself out
I liked the 1st one. She was wrong, but I get where she was coming from

Edit:
Also I'm mixed with the wall. I think it would have beneficial effects but I also think we could employ vets in the area to help protect border.. kill two birds with one stone. On the other hand building the wall could make construction jobs so I honestly have no idea...
2 words. Auto Turrets.
Taco IQ on full display in this video. Deport now.
That last guy wants to bag and tag illegals with a rfid like a dog
that guy is dumb
Waste of time watching this
YES! Been waiting so long for this one!
Holy fuckin shit. Listening to that guy is painful. Idiot.
100% of illegal immigrants have committed a crime.
Did that guy just say that we should all just be "labeled" in such way that scanners would be able to get readings from us at any given place to automatically report our whereabouts to a government agency? Listen... if you thought that was a great ideia, get help. And by help, I mean a psychiatrist.
Holy shit it was right in front of our faces the entire time. Just make them citizens, genius!
BUILD IT
The one guy cracks me up.  "We shouldn't have a wall, but we should know who comes into the country and when."  Yeah you kind of need controlled border crossings for that.
"I don't want a wall or borders at all, I want an X-Ray, PIN code, log in system to track people and what they are doing in the country" Liberals will become MORE conservative than actual Conservatives JUST to win arguments.
If you're blurring her face, maybe do the ID card as well.
OMG. This guy he's talking to is mentally ill. Glad he ended the conversation.
Wow haters gonna hate lol
Was that guy speaking some kind of code or something .
Im Canadian and Im against illegal immigration however this whole wall thing just seems gimmicky to me
God some of these people can't even put together a coherent sentence.
I had no idea that Steven Crowder supported this.
05:07 "I'm not Mexican, I'm Spanish." As in Spaniard Spanish?
I didn't like this "Change my Mind" at all.
There's no solution to the problem that does not involve:
1) A physical barrier of some kind
2) Absolute control over who can cross
Without those two things, nothing else can or will work.

As a regular crosser, a high-tech, x-day, digital system would be awesome, but damned expensive to implement.

Wait times at San Ysidro (busiest in the nation) vary from 1-4 hours. Right now the process involves scanning your passport, then a quick, visual interview with a CPB officer. Takes less than 3 minutes - once you get to the counter. The bottleneck is caused by a severely large number of people trying to cross legally at any one location, and a small number of border agents processing entries.
These people... that guy in the white shirt wants the mark.
I don't want a wall, as i am writing this i am on a bus passing by the existing wall that is already along the border. There are walls, there is already a wall!!! I am not saying this to be poetic, i live In a border city, and i am legit taking the bus which hapens to pass right next to the mexican wall. I wish that the current border patrol was better reinforced, better training and that more jobs were open for them. 

I don't support ilegal immigration, but as a future public education teacher, i feel the money that might be used for the wall could be used to better our public education system.
"I'm not Mexican, I'm Spanish. My family has lived in New Mexico since the 1550s."
What?!?
That New Mexican is a dumbass
Hey let's just microchip all the people! Everyone! And I'll be the governor or NM! 
No. Deport them all. IDGAF.
That look at the end is exactly how we all felt watching that dude talk
This dude is hilarious.
I think that most Latin American are against the wall because of a misunderstanding of what Trump said. It's okay that you Americans want to protect your country, however I don't know if the wall it's gonna the best way to fix the illegal migration issue.
Obama Was a bad President : Change My Mind
"We have to get a bunch of masterminds to figure it out." This dude XD
The future governor of New Mexico puts an '-a' on the end of words that don't end in '-a'.
This guy is an idiot he says he isn't Mexican or Hispanic but yet he says his ancestors lived in New Mexico since the late 1500? Give me a break and build the WALL
The look says it all
These people like to shake alot
X-ray borders?! The people on the right want immigrants to come in via legal channels and left want to implant chips in them like dogs and fry them with radiation to track their movements for taxation... Somehow I'm the evil one for my border wall and limited immigration views.
No more dual citizens in government positions, change my mind.
People born in the U.S do everything they can to avoid paying taxes. That idiot thinks illegals are going to step up and pay taxes?? Idiot.
That dude is off his rocker what the hell was he on
YES OOOOOOOOHHHHHHH SHIT I SCREAMED THROUGHOUT MY HOUSE I LOVE THIS SERIES
Lousy Change My Mind. Not Crowder's fault though. Interviewees are just too dumb and too inarticulate. Painful to listen to. I'd prefer a radical SJW that can actually articulate their loathsome ideas over these two.
Be chipped and traced by the government everywhere you go because a "wall" is too oppressive.
Civil War is coming.
They both looked like they were on drugs...
Trump > Obama : Change My Mind
he's against the wall, but his idea would literally require the builiding of a physical wall. Mind = Blown
"I plan on being the governor of New Mexico...."  This kid is a moron, he wants to essentially wants to RFID chip everyone so that you can be tracked via "xray checkpoints" Thankfully he is stupid enough and narcissistic enough to sit down and run his mouth....ensuring that he will never make office.
That second guy was hard to listen to. Hah
The shark music xD lol
The wall is racist. Hillary 2020.
That spanish guy was HIGH AS FUCK
This guy is fucking retarded
The video Ive been waiting for!
Majority of illegal immigrants are honest people, they just dishonestly broke the law coming into the US illegally. 
These people were hard to understand
All that they know how to say is it's racist, well then we better not put anyone in jail for any reason if they are any kind of minority, just let them kill and maim, let them sell drugs,rape let them do whatever the hell they want and you can't put anyone in prison then because can't punish the class if some committing the same type of offense gets away with it then everyone should.Let all minorities out of prisons today . I also want to see these people who are against it take in a few illegal immigrants into their home for a few days now we're not going to tell you anything about them not even their name but they're just going to come in and sleep in your children's room tonight while you live there as well when you can make them dinner and everything too because that's exactly what you're saying you want to do so let him move in don't ask any questions not allowed to Frisk or check them in anyway just let him in your house tonight with your kids and let them sleep over it'll be fun..every one are  just wonderful people.
The left wants open borders plain and simple. They are ignorant to the true costs of illegal immigration
I wish we could talk about why these people leave their countries. What is happening in these places that people are willing to risk their lives and their kids lives to get out of their home countries?
I think that guys bringing drugs across the border
The wall won't stop all illegalls but will stop alot of it !
Man. Hearing these people out is painful.   
Thats my mental gymnastics for the evening.
Why can't we all have safe spaces - even nationally?
He's been watching too much Altered Carbon.
11:38 Bwahahaha
I can honestly say I did not like this video and it had nothing to do with you wanting to build a wall you just didn't have any worthy adversaries nobody really interesting came to talk to you this stinks I really wanted to see a healthy debate between you and some foolhardy sjw trying to prove their point I hope you bring up this topic again somewhere else
You mean to tell me the people on the left haven't thought it through? Well I'm just SHOCKED!
Nice Vans.
13:15 Bro I almost died choking from laughter Im not even kidding dude fuck you I was gasping for air for like 2 minutes. I literally went from to
Hahaha x-ray border  I respect this dude for debating but he needs to articulate his arguments a little better
I got your video from prageru of this video for an ad
" my families been in new mexico since the 1550s around there " wtf lol... so he is a native american descent?
The left portrays themselves as reasonable and logical, but just look at the way they casually insult Crowder.
This dude is living in the future dog
Drugs-a, past-a, fast-a, years-a, base-a.
LeRoy seems out there, but he's more well balanced than most leftists and democrats I know.
Very few come over the boarder. Most come by student visa and never leave.
Those losers in their cars should grow some balls and take a seat, otherwise keep your gross mouth shut.
They want the wall to keep us in.
This guy at the end is trying to tag people like dogs. 
The wall is a waste of money building it and repairing over the years, people will find a way to go through
If that guy wants to be governor of new Mexico he better never say "X-ray border" again. Lol
You shouldn't hey high before a political debate like that guy did lmfao
His face at the end like WTF JUST HAPPEND
He is debating,  mocrochiping everyone alive, to tell who is who, so no one is charged illegal when they are honest, vs only Mexicans. I personally know more people, good and bad, that work their asses off just to survive. I disagree with the chip, I dont understand his argument, but I also disagree with a wall. We are based on immigration,  there for, if you are willing to put in and do your jobs, you are welcome. If not, we got this, sorry we cant help you. Join the freedom states and stand for it or stay where you are. We are simple minded yet, have the best ideas in the world. The wall is a fact for infantry,  but not what we stand for. Time to stand up again and stop being liberal bitches. 10 commandments.... love thy neighbor. Bottom line.
Do a change my mind on the space force
No borders.  Hes full of referred beens and pants full of shit.
Need to blur her id card.
Whats up with the bottled drink with a plant inside it
13:15 - That expression...
Another uneducated college kid who can't put together two complete sentences.
At first I was thinking of disliking it and not watching cuz I myself am a immigrant but Ive been a fan for awhile and this wont change anything your a great person with great ideal but today you didnt change my mind 
So, his preference instead of a wall is some sort of barrier that would only allow people to enter in through an official gate with legal documentation? Okay.
Trump will be the first president in space #spaceforceone
Apparently the people who take the time and effort to come here legally don't count at all...
I also love that the last person wants people to go through the scanners for the id, but wouldn't that necessitate a wall so that they don't just skip the line and the scanners and then come in and do what they want? And if we eventually turn into a borderless world, how do we tax people so we can continue to fund the government and provide all the services the democrats are insisting we provide everyone? Do they get charge a certain amount for however long they're in the country? Like if you're here for a quarter of the year, then you have to pay a quarter of the taxes? He really just needs to think that one through thoroughly to see how idiotic he sounds.
Annnnnndddddd.....deleted
Majority of immigrants come by plane on non immigrant visas and then overstay. Walls haven't worked since the fucking dark ages. Guarantee if/when they build that thing the percentage difference in illegal immigration will not be worth the cost of building it.
An Electronic ID?  Is he referring to something like 'A mark of the Beast?"  Be weary everyone what you convince yourself into
that guys on the drugs coming in. 
look if his family has been in NM since the 1500s he would be mixed in enough not to have a Spanish accent.
That dude is an inept fool
It kills me when people say "only get rid of the criminals" Do people honestly not realize that every single ILLEGAL immigrant bar none is a criminal? So I hate to burst your bubble, but if you're saying only get rid of the criminals while I'm saying deport every single illegal, we're saying the same thing whether you like it or not.
He kinda sounded like Leeroy JEEEENKINSS!!!
The problem is not America is fighting immigration, the problem is they are fighting corruption on the Mexican Governments part and even low key American involvement on occasion. The Mexican Government is Narco and work with Narco, Obamas ass did not mind helping them out with Fast and Furious (He did lose jack).
Got an ad for change my mind on this vid not sure if that made you money? Lol....
7:02 guy in back ooft
I was speaking about this with my mother and she was concerned about the people that are trying to escape poor living conditions (i.e. the Middle East). I am not an immigrant myself, but how long is the process to enter legally? If people need to find a place to take refuge immediately, is it too difficult to get in quickly? I'm just wondering if there is an alternate solution to the problem such as making admittance easier or safe houses where refugees can stay while waiting to qualify for a visa. A wall will work, but it only appears to be a short-term solution. At least, that's my take on it.
I suspect they weren't extremely excited about the people who participated in this one. This segment is usually a bit more serious so talking to people with nothing serious to say only works if it's funny. Generally in support of what they are trying to do though. Ben shaprio quickly adapted to the intellectual dark web credo of open discussion but its tougher to stay on that track in comedy.
"Ben Shapiro should run for president: Change my mind" hehehehe
Backpack guy must be in or recently graduated from an American University!
The difference in IQ is in plain sight for everyone to see. Don't let these people in, even "legally."
From a Mexican.
damn, he had to do it....
I'm in Santa Fe, and I wont vote for the dumb ass!!
The guy is one of those people that you just shouldn't argue with.  Let him just talk and talk and make enough of a fool of himself and pray that most people that watch hear the foolishness.
Was this guy high!?! Seriously. The only person that had the balls to sit down was this guy?
This wall needs to happen just so I can see people fall off it and the amazing shit they do to drill through it and such. Pure fucking awesomeness. Go full tilt Tower of Babble on this shit please.
This kid is a idiot
When is Steven going to start citing his sources?? I'd love to see how creditable his crime stats are.
Oh Steven, that was something else bro. That last guy, WOW, what the hell kind of drug was he on?? Maybe the next governer of New Mexico!!! LMAO
My dad is a Spanish immigrant who came the legal way. Build the wall aint racist it is just logical
SHOUT OUT TO JARED FOR KEEPING AN EYE ON CROWDER. had to double check to see you all were carrying
CANCER! The free thought guy just gave me cancer! I avoided cigarette for 46 years and for what?! 5min of pure ear rape and now I have cancer...
Build the wall with your ass Steven Crowder, you bitch! hahahaha  what a good suggestion.
The second guy is so full of shit. Says he's a Spaniard whose family has been in New Mexico since the 1500s. He wouldn't even pass as a castizo, and he speaks with an accent. lol
Build the wall, deport all illegals, end birthright citizenship
That was hilarious, x-ray borders. Congrats on 2 mil! Check out my new political channel :)
Come on @stevencrowder you can't generalize mexican-american culture for one stupid hispanic lady,  it's unreasonable to assume we fear each other just because of that.  That's low for you man
This guy crowder interviewed is a Fucking idiot!!
He wants people to have rfid tags like dogs. Does he know he is promoting the mark of the beast. I am not merging with computers. Just tax em you know make the legal and tax em. Sound plan fucking dork.
"Israel is our greatest ally: change my mind."

Steven won't do it because he will get thoroughly DEMOLISHED by real America Firsters. End Zionist Occupation of our Government! America for the Americans!
If most of the illegals crossing from Mexico were white, there would be no debate about this. When non-white people are involved in anything, the left draws the race card and makes it a partisan issue.
How high was that guy? Dude was talking x-rays and running for governor.
please tell me that guy was high. If he is being completely serious... maybe he has bad anxiety or something. He didn't make too much sense. The things he says he agrees with "make them pass the test. Give them IDs, make them pay taxes" THAT'S WHAT WE ARE TRYING TO DO DUDE. We are only trying to kick out the non-compliants.
The best way to tax everyone, both rich and poor, illegal and legal is with a GST Tax which is common in other western countries...
Wow, the second guy is thick.
No... Just no the wall is an absurd waste of money, see this is where we differ and where I wish you were more of a libertarian. The majority of illegal immigrants get to this country legally by plane/car/boat and over stay their visas. Trump is an egomaniac and needs to let go of this pet project called "the wall" please do more research bro this is a sad one to see from you, I respect you but the wall dude... Come on.
7:08 "anybody today now a days  creates crimes"... WTF ? What a stupid fuck stick.  Good lord
I dont care who comes here. As long as they come here the right way
Hahaha the look on Stevens face when he said X-ray  that dude has been reading some Science fiction books.
I haven't even watched the video, but +1 for that guy rocking the death from above 1979 shirt.
These should really be named "I'll Change Your Mind". There really isn't any openness on any of these shows to the "Change my Mind".
Build the wall... And the space wall.
Do fat acceptance
All these racist European white immigrants need to go go to their own countries and let the Latinos take back their land
I've been overwhelmed by illegals at 20 percent of the jobs I've had to where they gang up and only speak Spanish. This also occurred when i had 17 illegal immigrants living next door in a one bedroom next to me. This is America wtf
The second person literally contradicted his own point. He says yeah tax em all but borders are going to be a thing of the past and people can go anywhere they want. How do you tax people if you don't know who's coming and going?
Are we ignoring that he said his families been in new mexico since 1550
Were gonna build an X-ray wall and make the robots pay for it!
Blurs Face ... doesnt Blur ID hanging on neck
We truly are doomed, theres no hope.
So that last guy talking is really a far stretch.  I think that idea is worse in the wall
The "Spanish" dude basically described a 1984-like police state. That's par for the course for leftists.
That guy definitely seemed off...
Why don't the Democrats give a shit about the millions of American fathers that are imprisoned for the personal usage of drugs? where is everyone's outrage over real legal citizens of the US being torn form their families into a jail cell? why is all of the concern for people that crossed the border illegally knowing full well the consequences it has and being a burden on tax paying, unemployed and hardworking citizens?
At 4:43 he says let them in. Then tax them, and make money off them. Wrong. Only a small percentage would make enough to be taxed. Most would be under-educated, low end labor. Most would likely wind up relying on some sort of public assistance. Costing money, instead of contributing.
That dude adds "uh" to the last word of almost every sentence...That's all I got from that dude.
Build the wall!! We have our own poor and sick that need taking care of here. The only things these open borders nuts are inadvertently highlighting are the utter failures of the countries these illegals are fleeing.
The wall is dumb, but PLEASE HELP IMMIGRATION IS GOING OUT OF CONTROL!! The wall aint gonna do anything, you heckin know if someone is DEDICATED to coming to the U.S., they wont stop.
Damn you, Steven! I was just about to go to bed! Damn you and your high quality uploads!
That dudes like.. speech pattern..made me dismiss like literally anything he said
That first guy was retarded.
Like mentally ill to the point of no return.
My man said my family been in New Mexico since the 1550s
bitches on my dick, because I look like jesus!
X-rays and sharks with frickin laser beams attached to their heads!
Terrible counterarguments. I'm like  embarrassed for the guy lol
Liberals are stupid
Building a wall is stupid. We need to build a white picket fence instead..... 15 feet high... made of steel..... with a 20,000 volt charge..... although it's the amps that kill you....
People will still come in through the sea and plus the wall still needs maintain costs.
New Mexico elect this guy!
Really? Only 13 minutes? Why Crowder?! WHY!?
The second guy... let's just say... I don't even know what to say.
BUILD THE WALL WITH YOUR ASS, BITCH!  Lmao that was great
The wall won't stop all illegal crossings is the dumbest thing I have ever heard....a bandage doesn't always stop all the bleeding either, but it can slow it to a manageable level so you can get to the hospital! Shit, my 4 year old gets it for fuck sake. ..
So what he basically wants, is to RFID every person in the world and have an electronic border to read the RFID,s and of course read their minds to know why they are coming (since if you don't have border enforcement, they obviously are not going to be filling out paperwork) as well as RFID readers in the center of large metropolis' to track them afterwards. My word, some people really have no clue!
These people are dumb. Change my mind.
The last guy 
9:49  this guy is insane !!! he wants no wall, but tracking people. "1984"

and, Steven Cruz was a Never Trumper. He never wanted a wall.
Dude you need common sense background checks on the people you debate with...
2 million subscribers?!, I have been here since under 200k subs. Funny the growth compared to the budget of some other "media" outlets. Great job congrats!
Hold me to this.... but I believe Trump is about to surprise us all and get a new fan base after all of this. even a businessman knows weve all been fleeced for years beyond my birth and its the fault of ill voting and Ill elected officials.
Steven does seem milder in the more recent "change my mind" videos... i like it.
I honestly feel like they should stop all the nonsense, I feel like its shouldn't be built because it's a waist of ALOT of money, all that money could be used to better causes for instance in schools to help family's feel more safe when sending their kids to school. And not just for schools but all that money could be used to help veterans that can't work and help elderly people
This guy has good intentions but I don't think he understands what he's asking for or what it will take to do that.
Some sort of x ray scanner mind control alien cloning device...
X-ray boarders, electronic tagging people in major cities, and fast transportation across the border. Sounds expensive.

You know what would be cheaper...
RE: that last guy... So, borders are going to be a thing of the past, because we can just install an invasive surveillance police state to track everyone all the time... And heavily tax low-income, low-education, low-skill people who currently do their level best to avoid being noticed by the authorities, because the current system is too complicated.

Seems legit, this plan will totally work out. My every move being constantly tracked by The Man isn't creepy and invasive at all. As for trading the trackless labyrinth of the immigration process for the incomprehensible maze of the tax code, and putting a large tax burden on people who are already experienced at living under the radar - and generally don't have much money anyway? Why, they'll be thrilled to pay huge taxes, and not resentful or evasive at all. I'm sure this won't immediately backfire catastrophically and fall completely apart within seconds. /sarc

As for the first lady... I think I can see her position of being for border security, but not a wall per se. Not saying I agree with it, but I can understand her position, and she may have forced me to refine my own, since I don't have a ready answer for why my opinion is different. Good on her for sitting down and hashing it out like that.
I would take further efforts to conceal that first woman's identity.... I respect her character and honesty.
Oh lord this 2nd guy is retarded.
Leroy walked away triumphantly, just knowing, he killed it
Leroy is an idiot.
how are you going to make an xray gateway big enough to span the entire border without a wall, and isn't the idea of digital passports just legal immigration? 

Why is this guy in favor of illegal immigration but then say you need to vet who is coming in with digital passports, a written note, and going through an xray in a legal process?
Sure, can't string a sentence together but wants to be Gov of NM. NOICE!
Lets reck these mexicans
Did...did that dude seriously sit down and suggest police state levels of surveillance on not just Americans but the entire world in order to create worldwide open borders in which the one government can track your every move and thus in the process can control you? Let me follow that up by asking if he seriously thought that was a good idea...especially as an idea to be presented in America? The land of the free?
was the first guy high? his ideas are so ridiculous.
Heyyy Holmes! We're all gonna be on a super fast hyper speedway yo! U jus' can't defeat my shtyle holmes! We gonna be Intergalactic traveling holmes super fast yo! We don't need no shtinking borders!
There is no deterrent right now. Worst case scenario if caught coming in illegally with kids is that you are held for a few weeks and your kids are held somewhere else for a few weeks then your kids get to stay and you are sent back to try again. How about we start shooting in the face anyone caught crossing illegally. That would deter people better than basically telling them to try again.
Sooo the stoner who sat down wants a microwave fence instead of a wall.  Ok we can do that
So their logic are ..
"Noone should come in illegally but I don't want the wall because I don't want it"
wha? ..
This dude in the white shirt needs to stop watching Hollywood movies!
I love this series so much
11:34 - I'm a computer engineer...None of what he said sounds practical (let alone affordable). He has little more than a lot of poorly thought out platitudes.
"build the wall with your ass!"
Go green global !! LOL I almost sharted myself
We need to change the birther laws

An immigrant child who was born here in the US should not automatically get US citizenship just because they were born on US soil
It makes me happy to see leftist idealists that actually have a kind way of expressing themselves and actually thinking with a brain and not a phone. (then there are the shouters on the sidewalk)
What are they putting into the system without a social security card how is that even possible LOL so stupid these kids today dumb. They already committed a crime they came into our country illegally that is a crime it's on the books it's been on the books for a long time it's just never been enforced and now everyone's in shock that is actually is
That guy sounds like a brain dead moron. I hope to God he never becomes governor of New Mexico...
Bahahahahaha
Hahahahahahahahahahaha
Hahahahahahhahahahaha

Oh ....shit... this dude was serious?
I always back you up but his is pushing it a bit Crowder
Stevens sign guy must make a lot of money
New Mexico is my city
Wall = separation from our brothers and sisters. Our collective ignorance(walls in our mind) are what manifest into physical walls that further divide us on the outside. Love so much of your work, Crowder but you can go much further.
Get your green card and you'll never have to worry about being deported ever again.
the first lady was crazy
The guy in the white shirt wants open borders with an X-ray ID.    The double speak is mind boggling.
LOL that guy plans to be the governor of New Mexico? Bwaahahahahahahahahahahaha
TEAR DOWN ALL BORDER FENCES!



AND BUILD THE WALL!
Im not even surprised people really are this dumb he wants to track everyone who comes in the country with a chip and monitor where they go but no wall. You get shit like this because people don't want illegal immigrants but they are afraid to express an opinion that agrees with trump
Due to the open border, Houston is being completely ravaged. The human trafficking and drug trade is just terrible.
As usual finding people that can't speak properly and putting them in your segments. Find someone that can speak and show them demolishing you
Hey Steven ... another good one .. one thing ... the first woman's badge ... need to blurr that as well ...
Yeah but it doesn't go back into our economy that's one of the problems.. they send it back to their economy my friend, and also there is a tax loophole that is of course United States of America's fault however they take full advantage of getting a tax deduction for children who don't even live here and live in Mexico and they make thousands and thousands of dollars off taxpayers backs that's just one reason don't even start me on the fact that we have veterans or living in the streets or in terrible conditions or the fact that we have our own poor children that we haven't fed yet or the fact that there are poor people in this country who will take those jobs even though the Democrats want you to think that they won't when you're starving you'll take a few dollars. NO we don't make them citizens they broke the law you don't get rewarded for breaking the law no American yet that I know has got rewarded for breaking the law so why the hell should you.Plussss the fact that we have changed our culture for them even press 2 for Spanish why why the f*** should I press two for anything?!!
Austin again?! U hav brass balls.
if people aren't willing to go to a legal port of entry for border crossing, why would they allow themselves to be tagged like an animal?  Like hitting your head against a wall...
You know that woman is going to get murdered now, right?
These people are retarded
That second guy is an idiot. He shouldn't have sat down. Now everyone knows how stupid he is. 

Omg he is so stupid. X-ray machines, electrical monitoring, bringing permission slips to enter the country. His brain doesn't work too good.
So I haven't look up a huge amount of this, but the thing that the wall could cause isn't even political. On the contrary, it's environmental, it could hurt quite a lot of wildlife there. Yes I know there is a fence still at the area the wall would be but animals can get through that, while they couldn't get through a wall as easily. I'm not taking sides I'm just letting you guys know about this. I just found it interesting (found out from my brother not ten minutes ago).
Leroy looks and sounds like he's on drugs...what a dumbass.
We just need a few masterminds to figure out this X-Ray border in a scientifical way and were all set!
damn that guy with the camera is dumb .
haha that camera stare at the end was like something outta the office nice
Ladders exist. Yay I win.
That second person (Spanish guy) is just really dumb. Talking in circles and not saying shit worth hearing.
The dude he talked to was on either meth or coke. Really amped up.
That hurt my brain...
I fucking love these
I feel like people don't ever stop to think WHY immigrants are crossing the border illegally. It's ironic to me that the U.S. wants to reach out to various countries to either eliminate terrorists who are killing civilians or just providing general aid with medicine/food, but when it comes to us wanting to allow them in our country to ESCAPE the very hostile situations (that we play a part in trying to resolve) it seems like we suddenly dont want to help them?? I agree that we need to create better programs to allow immigrants to come here legally, to expedite that process. However, many families do not have the time, money, or resources to WAIT months and months to come here legally. A lot of these families are in danger of their lives, and they just want better for themselves and their children. Think about it: if your family and your children are starving and/or in danger of losing their lives, would you wait to come here legally? Or would you flee to seek safety?
Rays?? .... YEA! X-RAYS! You need to study your "rays" Mr. Crowder, the X variety specifically.

THE X-RAYS SHALL SAVE US!!
Build the wall, deport them all. The only let white people in.
Interview #2, this guy is so full of shit!
That was the most polite way of telling someone to please gtfo haha
The wall won't do shit that's just dumb we should focus on bigger problems and better solutions plus the wall will cost billions of dollars and we will be in more debt than we already are so the wall is just plain dumb
hhahaha People are going to be able to travel super fast for super cheap within 5 to 10 years, and there will be no borders, wtf how stupid and gullible and uneducated or these immigrants, this guy is in an idiot.
X-ray boarder, that guy is an idiot.
2 MILLION
The concept of walls and boarders is no more they say.  I wonder if they would like to tear down the walls in the homes they live in?
Build the wall!
As long as CA says if you were born here you get nothing in fact you give us what you have and if youre illegal you can get what everyone else is working for ,there will be migration and exploiting kids to get over ,in SD its a zombie land of drugged out bums because CA says come and well take care of you
I got an ad from Crowder.
An X-RAY border sounds pricey.... Maybe a wall would be cheaper.
Holy fuck that guy needs to lay off the meth
She genuinely asked how she could report the illegals i her apartment complex
End all entitlement programs and have mandatory e-verify, watch how many illegal aliens leave
So only 2 people wanted to talk? That last person was a waste of time.
Boy I hope New Mexico is smart enough to not vote for this delusional fool
So he's going to want to run for the Congress or Senate in New Mexico well if New Mexico votes this kid in then New Mexico you're screwed cuz he is dumb as a stump
The first lady was interesting.  The second guy wants to bring on the mark of the beast or create a big concentration camp.
i believe you should have blurred the lady more/ use a voice jammer
she is a really easy person to recognise and she might be in trouble if someone who should not actually sees this video. Better safe than sorry.
Please do your outmost to further secure her privacy
OMG, Please.PLEASE stay in school
Patrol the border with drones, the US military and no welfare/government assistance unless you are a US citizen.
Why argue against something so rational.
The wall would be bad for the environment.
1632th
Steven Crowder is a CUCKLORD
Yeah... I don't know if you thought this over very well over those 3 years buddy
nobody, had anything productive to say lol
An x-ray border? Wtf?
Woof. He was hard to listen to. Idk how you sit there silently for that long.
Steven I have historically been against the wall. But Trump has been so right on all his policy so far I am willing to give it a try.
0:42 "Build the wall with your ass!" But wouldn't that be unnecessarily difficult? Imagine building it with nothing but your ass alone!
Love the change my mind videos
I loved the stare at the end, that guy was pretty delusional
For anyone wondering what the song is playing at the start, it's POGO - Boy & Bear.
Call the computer engineers. This guy has a plan. He just needs some computer engineers.
Veganism is evil. Change my mind
LUL
That guy in the white t shirt needs mental help .
I DON'T THINK WE SHOULD BUILD A WALL! 





(A minefield would be cheeper.)
These ignorant uneducated latinos make me feel ashamed of being a latino just like that parasite ana navarro from cnn. I was dealt the wrong dam cosmic cards...
   Also, what surprised me is your stoic aproach to these social leeches. I hope that wall is built soon. You either follow the law and wait for years for a visa like the rest of normal humans or do something to change your shithole country instead of destroying a better one with you barbaric useless culture.
70% of Mexican immigrant families are on some sort of social assistance...so how is the govt gonna make money off them again?
Hey Steven Crowder  Please come to memphis! also when i saw the title i legit  screamed i knew someone was going to get hate during this video also  can you try to do live streams of these or put out more footage?
I'm of mixed feeling on the wall. They built an ugly add fence back in the 90s. It didn't help. I don't think that the wall could help. The only way I could see it could help maybe is around Arizona and New Mexico border. Too many people die in the desert. 
I do have a question for Mr Crowder. Any suggestions on people who stay passed their legal visa? That counts for a high percentage of the illegal immigrants in the country.
I support the idea of the wall in that it will prevent people that have no right to our country from entering it when there are safe, legal ways to. What genuinely hurts me is my environmental side. I really love the natural sciences and a wall will be incredibly detrimental to migratory animals (i.e. small mammals and reptiles). I don't know what a solution to that is because this is a human matter, but I just think it's something to consider. Thoughts?
10:30 X-ray border . LOL lets just give the border crossers radiation poisoning.
Thoughts on building a wall along the border with Canada?
Lmfao fat Latina bitch can't even speak English why is she here
first
Build an x-ray wall 
Well that was pointless
an x-ray border sounds.. dangerous.  I don't want to give cancer to illegal immigrants, I just want border restrictions.  I think a brick wall would be cheaper.
Wow dude sounds like he's on meth or something. Ranting about stupid shit 100mph.
5:00 I hate to break it to that guy, but he's not spanish like he claims. He's a mestizo. He's part Spanish, but he's heavily native. family going back 200 years can come from all over the place. One lineage that far back can't lay claim to your ethnicity when the others deviate.
in Mexico, second only to oil and surpassing even the tourism industry. Money sent back in 2004 totaled $16.6 billion, a 28 percent increase over the previous year.
That guy with the camera,WOW!  What an idiot
we clearly need a big X-ray thingie...yea, that'll solve it
What a poor reflection of the New Mexico education system.
So the dude from Spain wants location tracking tags implanted in all the brown folks... Sure, let's do it!
The guy in the white shirt is not very bright
My wife and I were rolling while that dude was talking. Steven's face at the end was the icing on the cake.
That one guy's idea about a digital wall is more frightening than an physical wall.  He's talking government tracking.
a huge portion of drugs comes directly from south america, this is a fact for a very simple reason. that reason is the climate and biomes there are conducive to making cocaine and marijuana. opening borders allows for people to easily come through, which means ANY person can. what he's proposing is an extremely flimsy way for people to get through, and allows some very dangerous people to get by very easily.
Freeloader here!
The second guy is painful to watch, I didn't think people could be that misinformed and dumb
"Build the wall with your ass" #wtf
Wall is not to keep the people out. It to keep the Us in-jail. One big fema camp.
That last guy would "BLOW" that wall down if he could...thank you, LEEEEEROOOOOOYYYYYY
Sign me up for the xray electronic implant or whatever he's talking about, i feel like a saw a youtube video about nwo with similar ideas.. plus that's exactly what illegals want, to be tracked at any given time by the government they are taking advantage of.
So he wants international IDs... enforced by what?  An international government?  With enough power to influence policy in my country?  Hell no.  I don't want anyone outside of the US telling me what to do.
Okay whoever is watching his YouTube channel must be extremely stupid.
The left defends illegals by saying they're fleeing violence and gangs. Well okay, if you really believe that, and you don't pick and choose who you let in, what makes you think the gangs and violence won't come too? Now those people are still living in a violent, gang infested city, only it's your city.
The 2nd guy is ashamed of being Mexican. He says he's Spanish from New Mexico. Apparently his family has been breeding with other people from Spain for 500 years in New Mexico. Like many Hispanics he's not proud of Mexico. Why would you be, while fleeing Mexico all for a hand out? Respect American laws or get the fuck out.
Did this guy just say we can tax the people coming into this country illegally???? WTF.... that's the fucking problem, we cant tax them because we don't know who's coming in, when they're coming in, how much money they are making, and what they are really even fucking doing....We have no clue who's  coming in you idiots, so we can't tax them... they are here illegally and undocumented!!!!
Also 30% of the prison population are illegal that adds to the gang problem here in CA the the south siders and mafia work with he cartels and Mexico since they will play ball since they have their relatives over here
building a wall and standing against illegal immigration is not related.  a wall solves nothing and costs way too much money that could be invested in creating jobs, education, fighting hunger, etc.
Wow this was a disappointing one, not because of your Crowder. Assholes to scared to sit down and the one guy who did.... X ray border...
Come to LA!
Got cancer trying to understand how we x Ray immigrants and put electric tags on them with no border. Lmao
You broke 2 million. Great work guys
Wtf with the xray laser wall
mass deport illegals
I don't normally hurl blatant insults at people but wow, that second guy was really stupid.
I hate when people say it wouldn't keep them out so we shouldn't build it. Just look at Israel and their wall. It lowered illegal entrance to the country to almost nothing
Please do a change my mind for "I don't believe in white privledge" and "Israel isn't an apartheid state"
Lmao Leroy has been watching to much science fiction
Should of told her to vote republican
are some intelligent people "build the wall with your ass" damn.
Here we go. Hey Crowder can you come near my campus? Full Sail University in Orlando. PLEASE these people need to have someone challenge them. I try to and all they say is that I am a bigot and I have no temper after that. I try.
Horrible video find better people
I had the same look Steven  I think he just wanted a free/cheap plug to his website. That lady was nervous probably out of fear. My last point is, if this is the caliber of people coming in legal/illegal #BuildThatWALL 
Lets be real. Liberals encourage illegal immigration because a demographic shift benefits the Dems. These anchor babies won't be voting Republican in 20 years. You can guarantee that.
5:05 "I'm not Mexican, i'm spanish, my family lived here since the 1500s" FACEPALM
You need a wall. It's good for both countries.
BUILD THE WALL, BUILD THE WALL, BUILD THE WALL!!!
From someone who's from the UK. Is this wall thing serious? I thought it was a joke. I'm not that well informed on US politics but I thought the wall thing sounded so stupid I thought it was a joke. Like an actual, physical wall?
Instead of a wall we should build a army of ass kicking terminators
Well he was right about one thing.
It's only gonna get worse.
Unless we do something and make it better.
I'm pro wall and I'm a US citizen of Mexican decent .....i get hate for that but hey I'm the type of person that would like for u to ask permission to enter my property rather then to just sneak....we can all get along if we just do things the proper way :)
The Mastermind individual sounds like a new 1984 book
DAMNIT! I was hoping this would be a good one. That guy was an idiot. He was arguing with himself the whole time.
Okay, the first woman was confusing not to be rude. As a mexican american, though that wall is just messy. Sis we aint got shmoney for that.
Digital passport walk through scanner mark of the beast stations all over the desert. I think that will work. As soon as I become governor of New Mexico I'll call in all the rocket scientists and genius mathematicians to work out the details.
Wow what a couple of complete idiots. This is who votes for Democrats
lol that second guy votes in our American elections hahahahaha oh my god.. god help us.
God bless ya, Crowder. I do NOT have the patience you and your crew have. I'd last 10 seconds before YELLING!!! Keep fighting the good fight.
The sales tax illegals flush into the country dont touch the $100BILLION illegals cost America. NEXT.
X-ray borders! Irradiate everyone to death that crosses, seems legit what could go wrong
This guy is proof that the movie Idiocracy is coming true. What a complete and utter doofus
let me guess... your mind was NOT changed....?
Don't majority of illegal immigrants cross the border by plane or boat. Making the wall not that useful. Also many illegal immigrants come here legally and just have expired visas. The immigration court system in America is really bad and imo needs a lot of fixing. including just adding more courts since I'm fairly certain that there aren't even 50 immigration courts in the US
fuck ya x ray boarders xDDD "Come on over to America, but hey you got cancer." Lmfao I died
Walls work. Illegal immigration through the San Diego checkpoint dropped after a wall was built at that part of the border. After that, they moved over to Arizona and New Mexico.
Illegals bring more than cheap labor. They co tribute to higher insurance costs for cars, health, theft, business, etc. The taxpayer educates foreign aliens in our public schools without as much as a dime from their host countries. The steal social security IDs #s. They cause rent to increase. They take entry level jobs from citizens, students and young people (many jobs that Americans used to do such as construction).They undermine wage increase so saying they contribute by buying some groceries at the local store hardly makes up for the difference.
His face at the end said it all!!! 
All the people walking by yelling are a bunch of idiots, And the argument of "If you build a wall they will just find a way to get past it" Is a stupid argument, Just like if 100 people had to take a shit and there was a perfectly clean private bathroom right next to them, All of them would go take a shit, But if it was even just a public restroom some would wait until they get home, And if it was a locked public restroom, None of them or a very small amount would still take a shit. And just like if banks left all the cash on a table behind open doors a lot more people would rob them, But since the cash is in a vault, often times with security, and cameras a lot less people rob the bank, Yes people would dig under the wall, Fly over the wall, Go around the wall, Etc. But the amount of illegals would greatly decrease, And yes you would have people capable of getting past the wall selling that as a service, But if you stop those people or patch their ways around the wall, That will also decrease.
Im from New Mexico and when this dude said that..... I didnt know if I should bust out laughing or spike my phone into the ground
Give illegal immigrants cancer using an "XRay" border.
An xray border to check an id ? Why not use a chip and call it the mark of the beast because that's exactly what he was describing
Congratulations on 2mil subs
Do trump's not a racist change my mind
Im a cheap prick 
Clinton and Obama in the past prior to Trump running for president have stated we should stricter immigration policies. The only reason he Dems have turned is to help their voter base. It's not rocket science. 

They play this card every election. They don't give a fuck about these people either. It's a game to get in the House, Senate or White House.
Uhm over stay visas is a crime, its the honor system these idiots are talking about tearing familys apart Uhm if they threw the kids in jail with the parents the useful idiots will be crying
Never go full retard
Just build the damn wall already!!! Time to move on from this no brainer subject. Democrats have twisted brains!
Mmmmm chezzzburgerz
So more build the wall change my mind, its so triggering...which is great
This dude is Mexican, he doesn't look Spaniard Spanish and if I'm not mistaken new Mexico belonged to Mexico before the U.S. took it.
Building a wall is a huge  waste of taxpayer money. Its useless in preventing illegal immigration. Its mentally retarded to think that building a wall 2 ft higher or 5 inches thicker will prevent illegal aliens from crossing the boarder. You first have to establish the rate at which we have illegal aliens crossing the boarder (if it is even an actual issue) and if they are crossing the boarder wall by jumping over it. What do we live in? the dark ages?
LMFAOOOOO, wow I didn't realize things were this bad. Even this mexican lady wants them gone, haha. Must be tens of millions of them.
Is there a full video?
You should have blurred the whole lady instead of just the head. You can identify someone you know without seeing the face. 
If she is worried about illegals committing criminal acts, they might recognize her if they see this video. How unlikely doesn't matter.
Wow...A wall is a bad idea, but radiation scanners and electronic tracking systems are reasonable?...Just wow.  What a globohomo.
I'm so confused by the Spanish guy.
It's just gonna cost a lot of money tho innit
The second guy pretty much explains the entire concept of a border... Down to why they are coming into the country and to know who is here... Like.. I hope he watches his recording and realizes that...
First guy is genuine, but he is silly.
I think that a wall is good but not even close to 100% fool proof, they've been coming by air and sea too on non-commercial flights and fishing boats. I think the US should try to cover all bases (air, land, and sea).
Yes, clearly a x-ray boarder and ID tag citizens is way more practical and less Orwellian than a simple wall.
Why is it that people with no common sense or ideas that have the common " i dunno but like something like that" answer seems to be the ones want to talk the most.
Steven, the stare you gave us at the end was priceless.  I was staring right back at you with the same look on my face. 
Let's get this guy on the show!!! Classic.
How is the 2nd guy alive... His IQ is so low
Do these people realize there are limited amount of resources.
Healthcare, education, housing, food .... etc 
-- so we should say come all everybody ...
Shut up and pay ..
No we are full here ..
-- Put the military on the border, shoot a few.
When they start dropping , they will stop coming.
If they make it in, cut the welfare and resources ...
They won't come ..
That dude's definitely off
Building the actual wall is stupid. Immigration enforcement is not.

Change my mind.
As a conservative, I think the wall is a waste of tax payer dollars.
Second guy: Don't build a physical wall, make a virtual electronic wall. That's still a wall.
The left has nothing to stand on
Build the wall, deport them ALL.
Refugees taken on a case-by-case basis..
Hehe 69 dislikes 
Dont matter the number, come legally or not at all!
Help me understand something because I'm against the physical wall. The Berlin was extremly fortified. I mean this baby had what was basically a moute with landmines, machine gun towers, anti-personnel devices, vehicle barriers and armed patrols, and even with all of that THOUSANDS of East Germans made it over to the west side of that wall. Our measly wall is just going to be tall? I'm sorry, I just don't get it.
The second guy wants to play tag em and track em but no way to do that as they can simply walk around the scanner lol Am I wrong but did he say he was planning to run for office? save us oh crowder
What in the fuck is this guy talking about. Is he trolling or is he just flabbergastingly foolish.
Your all focusing on poor people stealing your money and jobs,1. have a minimum wage and they wont be chosen over you, 2.Bankers are taking your money and using the media they own to divert the attention
Is the 2nd guy on speed or something??? He is just all over the place lol
The I.Q. of the second guy 
Illegal immigrantion is unfair to everyone. 
The drop in wages is really unfair to the unskilled labor force. 
Being bilingual is also an advantage in the work force which unskilled blacks and whites don't have it. 
They are an unfair burden on the welfare and emergency services system. 
They increase crime through violence, drugs and human trafficking. 

Do the shit legally.
That was hard to watch....
Get rid of incentives for illegal immigration (public schools, "free" healthcare, welfare, food stamps, etc. etc.) and you won't have to worry about illegal immigration.
Wall Shmall.
How do you tax people you can not find and are not accounted for.
Wow that dude OK with tagging humans wow
This man said an X-ray scanner... Wtf is he on. He trying to give them radiation poisoning instead of helping them.
Illegal immigrants put money into the economy? Untrue. Most of their money ends up in Mexico. So no second dude. They do not pump money back into the economy.
THAT FACE AT THE END LMAO
X-ray gates, people.  X-ray gates.
I wouldn't mind a wall, but I don't want it to come from more taxes, there are already enough of them
We already have a system to identify, administer a citizenship test, bestow citizenship and issue a social security number....it's called legal immigration!
" that was awesome "
I think Spaniard Leroy was off his happy pills today.
The second guy on some crazy shit lol
Oh boy, the second guy had me cringing hard
There is a wall already, we just want to upgrade it and make it more secure.
It's funny the second guy tried to act smart but full on window licker
that second guy almost gave me a fuckin brain hemorrhage. pretty sure i lost some brain cells listening to him
Build it tall.....build it deep....build it strong!
You have the patience of a saint.
The second guy sounds like he just crawled out from under a rock after 50 years of no exposure to the outside technological world and watched nothing but Sci-Fi flicks with his talk of "X-Rays that scan you when you go across the border" and shit like "wearing wrist things that connect to a database that can be scanned." Like.. All techhy mumbo jumbo. Crowder's face at the end summed it all up incredibly well <XD
That 2nd guy was hard to listen to.
I just got an ad for change my mind on a change my mind video.
That Spanish guy is too stupid to understand the basic concept of a nation or borders
This gave me a headache
Logic seems to have left the building with these people.  All too common these days.  So many people spend their time keeping up with celebrities and their bullshit rather educating themselves.
The guy in the white shirt is the dumbest motherfucker so far on this series.
The white man came to the americas under the banner of genocide and slavery who are they to tell other races where they cant live.
I think that dude wants a BIOMETRIC DATA BASE BORDER.
Second dude is advocating for an ID tag that will be seen with X-Ray machines? You just advocated for the Mark of the Beast, dude!
What a fat stupid slut.
Don't you believe there is a much more effective way to get rid of illegal immigrants? Most illegal immigrants come from planes.
Watch this get taken down 10 minutes from now time stamp 6:32 pacific; funny first 2 people i saw sit down were Legal citizens of Latino ethnicity both complained about illegal immigration but argue against border security, disbelief
No borders except a X-ray border!? Omg lol
Oh man, the guy is dreaming.  Come back to earth my friend.
Spaceforce bitches!
Im from Santa Fe. Please dont let this guy represent our city/state
The second guy might just be legally retarded.
I caaan't understaaaand you! Go back to your country! White power!
Check out relentless heart on google and take the John 7:17 challenge it will bless you.
The USA can't allow citizenship on demand, foreigners will flood the country. 
And, won't a world without borders cause a one world government?
Dude was so excited that he was adding an 'a' at the end of almost every word.
 Overall nobody gave any good points as to why the wall shouldn't be built.
It makes me cringe to know I used to be a liberal. I'm so happy I got red pilled years ago.
The second man was well.... just a bit thick in the head
im surprised he didnt get shot
666 chip em
Well if you want to get technical, 100% of undocumented immigrants are criminals, they illegally entered the country, which is a crime, therefore they are criminals. I don't understand why it's so hard for people to figure that out.
Waste of money, they can literally just come in legally and then stay, do any even get in by climbing over the fence?
Yes we need to keep all out. And do not build a wall cause it'll be used against us
Haha the second guy was so naive. Seemed like a nice guy but wow not very well thought out/ unrealistic ideas.
The Spanish guy thinks illegals should be taxed so that money can go back into the economy???

Immigration debate aside, This boy needs to read a basic economics book. Smh
Does that guy know he's a moron?
Second guy changed my mind. I hadn't considered mastermind individuals. The possibilities have blown my mind.
Second guy sounds like a good dude, but I don't think he thought his ideas through.
Globalist Cucks.
How much weed did the first dude smoke? Better question, what kind of weed? I want some... hahaha.... "X-ray Border".. .hahahahahahaha!!!!!!
Nothing makes me cringe harder than an ignorant person and an intelligent person engaging in political "discourse."
Too short of a change my mind
The dude he's talking to ha a good heart...just hasn't quite thought down the line far enough.
The guy wants to plant a GPS on them to keep track of them. Hmmmm...
Illegal imagrints commit crime at a rate of 100%.

Its illegal to sneek ito the country.
Pretty sure that dudes crazy
Could just stop the drug war and spend the money on border security.
So we chip them and install invisible fence. Well. Worked for my dog. Wtf
Honduras and any other latin american country that have american bases in their soil should remove them change my mind
Scientifical. Did anyone else catch that
Wish we had more content.
I guess we just need a 2000 mile long x-ray. Sounds more expensive than a concrete wall. Just saying...
WE ARE LIVING IN A SOCIETY
don't change my mind.
Change my mind
Come to WSU! Pullman.
so mexican guy is in favor of logans run...lol
Holy shit! Leroy, how the FUCK do you get that stupid?! That was beyond embarrassing. Can't wait for that xray border! It'll prob happen in New Mexico after Leroy becomes governor and sits down with his intellectual masterminds and discusses the scientifical requirements for such a great idea. Also, remember your government issue lead vest next time you travel to Mexico.
i don't want a wall, i don't know there could be like a sci fi scanner that scans illegal immigrants or sth, idk this is just a free thought atm, i would need a mastermind individual to determine the scientifical merit for this device you know?
Drugs
Electronic ID tags on illegal immigrants.  Fucking brilliant.
Oh my gosh the guy in the white shirt is a complete brainless moron!!
This guy makes me want to bang my head against the wall
What was with that last zoom in? Was that the "I can't handle all these crazies" look?
Congrats on 2M subs Steven. Hope you get many more!
The dude wants technology that's 100 years away to solve problems today.
These are the people of this generation. I'm getting a horse grabbing my rifle and moving to the treeline
Guy number 2; "have a written note"
me; "oooh, like a visa.  which would then be enforced... with a FUCKING WALL"
Omg that second guy was next level special in his thinking. I'm a libertarian who doesn't fully support the wall largely due to the spending and issues with eminent domain. But seriously, an "x-ray border?" That'd be a shit ton of money ultimately down the drain while we get overrun with illegal immigrants.
What the hell was that first guy blithering on about? Does he even know? Actually, same with the second guy.
Apparently New Mexico is a sanctuary city. I didnt know that I live in the largest city in the world.
I dont have a problem with the wall itself, I just have a problem with asking the people youre keeping out of the country to pay for it, I also think you should build one on the Canadian border as well
That is a very interesting individual...
Hes essentially asking for the same as we have now.
No boarders or checkpoints but a x ray checkpoint to id people that come in then spy on them in cities like the NSA so already! But totally for open boarders.
Almost 20 years we have been hammered with patriotism by media. "Won't be fooled again", but when we want to stop the narco-terrorists from South America we are now called racist.
Where did this dude learn how to talk?  They don't talk like that in "Spain".  He's an idiot.  Build the wall.  You can't tax anyone who has nothing, and everyone is taxed enough.  Fools think that taxes fix everything. Build the WALL.  Once the border is secure the American citizen has all the power to decide what and who can enter.  It is not negotiable.  Midterm elections should put an end to this once and for all.  Please vote out any Dems and RINOs that don't support building the wall.
Steven C : An x-ray border?
Spaniard Leroy : Yea. (with a straight face)
go to a gas station at 5:30 in the morning it will look like your in Mexico..most of them in construction trades..that's were middle class jobs are going..plus if you don't have to pay taxes all construction jobs get undercut because most illegals work for shit wages and make it impossible for LEGAL American s to compete witch drives down EVERYONE s wages and bring home pay and our healthcare and taxes go up..I call bullshit send them back sorry I try to love all humans but Mexico needs to fight for there own country
rip x
Building a wall would only take our resources and is way too much of a cost for the outcome
The borders(country) will disappear....But 5-10 years?!You prolly meant to say in the next 500-1000 years.Or sooner if some aliens invade us :))
Why borders? Why doors? Let's have a free for all!  Let's go back to hunter gatherer.
I enjoyed the woman's conversation. Yet the video had to much rambling and not enough discussion. I hope the next is better.
So cringy...
That last dude was talking about, "The mark of the beast" as the scripture calls it.
Something I see in Georgia ALL THE TIME- legal immigrants that DON'T WANT ILLEGALS COMING IN. Almost half of the people at my job of around 20 people are legal immigrants, and almost all of them want only legal immigrants like them. They see the other hispanics that come through the border, and how much they take from the rest of the legal immigrants.
some kind of uhhh X ray scanner??
Im sure glad he ain't Mexican you know, because id be hella ashamed of sharing his heritage you know, you know?
Maybe if we had a good wall, we wouldnt see children get separated in the first place
That was the most annoying person Ive ever listened to in my whole life! I literally want to punch myself in the freakin face for finishing the video.
Leroy didn't change my mind
The Wall's only purpose is to invoke emotion in people. Why would a country in massive national debt pay billions on an antiquated and inefficient border wall? I am a Conservative economically -- to me, that means that I care about government spending, and do not want my hard-earned money go to political pandering by either side of the aisle.
Holy shit that dude was all over the place.
Hope he talked about how Mexico has a boarder wall next to Guatemala and how they treat them Mexicans conveniently forget that part, and how they treat anyone going through
How many come here in tunnels or maybe come up through one of the coasts? I would be for the wall if the wall meant the wall plus more enhanced border security, but if it's just a big fucking concrete slab in the ground I don't see how it would be all that effective...
That second guy might be on to something.... we could encode a digital badge and give them like gold stars to put on their shirts or something. Yeah thats a great idea, I cant see how that wouldnt work! 
X-Ray borders... for real... why not using terminators with drug scanners and laserguns, patroling the border. That would solve the drug problem. Damn I am a f**** mastermind.
After listening to the last guy rant. Honestly, what the hell
Some people come over, have children in America so they can technically stay here legally.
It's all about morality now, if you are starving you will steal food to survive, if you are thirsty you will look for water, if you need shelter you will build or seek for one. Illegal or not, these people are trying to live a life, if they truly want to live in the U.S. they would go through the process of becoming a citizen, but this is made more difficult now... They can work for it, some are disrespectful and steal jobs from actual citizens. Those who abuse the rules and laws are the ones who should get kicked out, that goes for all illegal immigrants who would not even bother to at least try to become a citizen
I support Trump and I'm conservative but think THIS WILL BE THE NEW WALL OF CHINA.
IT'S THERE TO KEEP US IN. NOT KEEP PEOPLE OUT. They hid it in plain site.
The Wall. I agree with NOT at all
How is it fair for illegal immigrants to get a free pass right into the US and education to pass the test when the legal immigrants have to pay money for an airplane ticket, learn english and learn the questions for a test? If there should be no borders that means everyone in the world not just central and south america can get a free ride here on boats and planes! Who cares who has to pay for all that mass immigration it's for diversity. 
Why not fix Mexico and the South American countries so people don't feel the need to mass immigrate to the US?
hahahaha that first clip though...
Hmmm...if we open our borders...a billion people would walk in and destroy our economy.
That dude is literally talking about some shit from Back To The Future... like... tf? 
It honestly wouldn't help because most get through over staying visas.
If their were no borders, then their would be no countries..... land would just be unmarked blobs lol...
STEVEN CROWDER!
Hi there, that was just to get your attention. This is long but I believe it will be useful. I'm Iranian and in my country, around 45 years ago, they made a rule forcing women to remove their Hijab. This rule bothered people a lot and women in the majority would find other ways to cover their hair(like hats). This gesture from the king of Iran is what started a chain reaction that led to the Iranian revolution. Once the revolution ended the leader who took over FORCED hijab on the women. Right now in Iran, many women are finding ways to protest to this by finding ways to get away with showing their hair and the majority of women now hate the hijab.
I agree with you that more strict rules must be placed and more monitoring should be done. However, just like what happened in Iran, if you build a PHYSICAL wall, it can be seen as a bad gesture that will cause more people trying support people in order to get over the border. I believe that a PHYSICAL wall will only make things worse.
Love your videos. From your Muslim fan. 
The second dude watches too much black mirror lol
Mexica.n with a strange scotish accent.
So according to the future gov of new Mexico ,we all need to trackers installed so we can allow illegals into the country and track them.
They barely can handle their lives, but they're sure they know what's better for the whole country.
You should really have censored that lady more.  Anyone who knows her can still identify her,  and might get violent against her because of the clips you chose to keep in.
That second guy was to ill informed for me to even pay attention. Seriously, no one cares about your shirty vlog.
Build The Wall!!!
That one guy. "The real Boss Hoggs..."  I wonder if he was a Dukes of Hazzard fan. Curious.
Ya can we get that second guy put on a list of some kind.
When the Great Wall of China was in use, they would have guards with torches stationed all the way down the wall, leading to the capital. If there was an attack, they would light the torches, one after another, until the fire signal reached the capital. We should have something similar that detects a breach, or attempted breach, and sends an electronic signal to the nearest guard station.
Did that guy really say tax the illegal immigrants? Tax people who aren't pasting taxes?
LOL at the look he gives the camera at the end
This is what happens when hippies breed
I find it completely unfair for us to take care of illegal immigrants when we cant even take care of our own Americans.
so let me get this strait a x-ray like electric wall with a computer chip that is basically a passport? is that the idea?
So decriminalize the criminals, makes sense
I really want a exotic car, if I sneak into the factory and take the one I want simply because it's "to hard and unfair" for me to obtain one legally, it's still a crime and I won't get to keep the car.
SAY AYE FOR THE X-RAY WALL!!! 
This is another example of why a litmus test should be instated before people can vote on the issues.
Cheap prick here. Do you really think the people watching on youtube are free loading pricks? Put up a paywall and stay inside! Kinda Like a safe space!
The pump does 9 damage, change my mind
Hay guys we also need more people down here in the south because a bunch of illegal people are going threw mobile
Woman talks: Feelsbadman
Guy talks: STFU
The zoom in at the very end. Classic
Want to know something funny?  I have had a few illegal hispanic friends and they always tell me they do pay taxes.  The sad part is they are paying state sales tax when they buy items, thinking that is taxes.  If they were only smart enough to know that there is a state and federal tax on your income as well.  Silly illegals. :)  ROFL..........
Yeah fucking build it already. Border security is important.
Holly Shit this guy is a genius! We need X-Ray Walls not Border Walls!!
Border jumpers should be shot on sight!
Not cool Steven he is clearly unstable..... Don't bring him back lol
Great another episode of "Feed My Ego"
holy shit, this is the one I've been waiting for.  Why is it so short though?
that one dude leroy should be writing science fiction, not giving suggestions on open borders. here's one for ya leo how about "transporters" like in star trek?
I'll never understand why immigration is a "hot button" issue.  The law is clear.  We have rules.  Enforce them.  If you don't like the laws, change them.  You can't argue against that.
+StevenCrowder 

Finish the border wall as it has been in construction for decades, however instead of a massive physical wall, I suggest a high tech and high manpower wall.

There is a problem that is causing this immigration issue, it's called corruption and cartels. If we really want to end this problem we need to attack it 2 fold, we have to reform and enhance our immigration policies and systems, and also deal with the cartels and the corruption within Mexico.
The beast will solve all.  Think about it!
Trillions of dollars you say?
Ok, you need to start having conversations with smarter people.  These conversations don't accomplish anything.  That second guy is missing too many brain cells.
What the hell did I just watch? LOL
That second dude is stupid af, no offense intended. Lmao future governor of new Mexico. Keep on planning x-ray dreams.
I'm sad to say I am a Latin american.Most Latinos speak out of there feelings not informed properly of immigration and law. Makes many look stupid and un-educated.

  I feel bad for crowder not  able find competent people to have a proper conversation
I love the first woman who is against the wall but wants to deport the illegals in her apartment, if the wall existed she prob wouldnt have illegals in her apartment
Is this guy in Austin? I want to see one of his change my minds
Seriously, why do these people contradict themselves all the time and have no idea what they are talking about?

Going through X-Ray database? How do you do that without a fucking border or control in said one.
https://youtu.be/59mRZ1Vj8ZU
Damn it just build it already
No legal or illegal immigration. We don't need any more immigrants, we've taken plenty. We should have 20-30 years of no immigration.
I'm gonna suggest something that will drastically reduce the amount of illegal immigration that doesn't cost any money to the tax payers at all. 

Trump calls for a media announcement(public address of sorts). 

He simply says "Today we have covertly dwoyed "x" thousand landmines across the US-mexico border in the most commonly trafficked areas. Mexican criminals, enter at your own risk"

He drops the mic and walks off without saying anymore. 

He wouldn't even have to do it. Just the threat and possibility would be enough to deter so fucking many of them, it would be glorious.


....

Till some FBI agents blow some kids up and frame Trump and make it appear he's turned the border into a warzone....

Idk, I think it's a great idea. Immoral? Kinda. Who cares about morality? The border hoppers rarely do.
Was that last guy advocating for catch, tag, and release on human beings?... I mean how else are we going to have this X-Ray Scanner without everyone being tagged with a microchip?
Bruh did he say x ray border
US Citizens are not State citizens, think of the US government in DC as the same thing as the European Union. So all the states collectively together are the "United States of America" the U.S is the government that regulates trade between the states, similar to the EU regulation of countries of Europe eg, France, UK. US citizen is like say New York started giving citizenship to everyone that applied but they don't live in New York, they live all over the country as residents while being citizens of New York
Why does the dude with the camera have the cord around his neck instead of behind his head?
That wall just got ten feet taller, believe me
What are "drugs-uh"?
Shes a retard.
i don't have any respect for this guy anymore after the "socialism is evil" episode
Herroo
BUILD THAT MOTHERFUCKIN WALL!!!
Why hasnt anyone thought of an X Ray border wall until now?
You might want to blur out the ID badge hanging around her neck...
So wait... he wants to microchip everyone on earth so governments can track their every move? Uhmm.... he really thinks that's a good idea? What's his YouTube channel?
Mexicans arent the only ones who go through the border. Other countries go through Mexico too to get into the U.S
That guy was so dumb he made my mind melt...
You should take this video down or censor her more
Even after they say it out loud they dont understand. remember not to vote for that guy. you will wait for space unicorns to come and save you before he does anything. I feel really sad for that lady. she seemed to be in fear for her life. just another reason for the wall.
Imagine the graffiti on the wall if it's made
Leroy comes in talking all loud and confidently displaying his utter idiocy. I'm reminded of the Patron Saint of Podcasts, Mr. Adam Carolla, when he said, "stupid people are loud." Right off the bat, Spaniard Leroy thought Stephen was against building the wall or a lame attempt at a joke. What's with the accent? He and his family have been in New Mexico since the 1550's, as he said. I'm a 3rd generation American of Mexican descent and my Mexican accent is a no-show. Even My parents don't have an accent. Now, if Spaniard Leroy is avoiding assimilation into American culture by holding tightly on to his nationalist roots, why not take his butt on over to his motherland he misses so much?
I will gladly volunteer my spare time to help build the Border Wall. MAGA
11:40 Not Gay Jared playing Secret (Stephen) Service Man.
Wow
Hot topic of the day is taking children away from criminals, err I mean illegal aliens, err I mean illegal immigrants, err I mean undocumented agreements, err I mean undocumented citizens....Then we have corrupt politicians making fake tears about how suddenly now it is wrong, especially keeping families apart that have commuted crimes.  Why are so many gullible people voting these people into office?
Ya, Leroy is totally ADD! He's all,over the place- no developed insight. He's just all over the place- kind like my boss! ( It's very difficult to work for a person with out of control attention deficit  disorder- I love her but it's a challenge everyday
... what is that guy on?
This was hard to watch...
That first dude is 'border' line retarded......
Unexpected topic. Nice.
omg... steven... that look on your face at the end, priceless.
That guy is freaking crazy
The Xray scanner that spans across the entire border HAHAHAHAHA
This dudes MAGA 2080 wanting to build that invisible wall
I got excited but then i saw that it was 13 minutes, i had to go in my safe space, short Change My Minds are triggering me.
Finally, some interesting topics for this series!
I'm feeling my brain cells die one by one as I listen to the second guy talk lol
Take the money you would have spent on the wall and spend it on making Mexico a better place to live.  There's a reason why people in France aren't building tire rafts to come to America.  If nobody wants to leave, they won't come here.
Next time discuss about muslims in US. 
PLEASE steven READ my comment and make a video about it.
facepalm

This guy has designs on being the Governor of New Mexico? Good luck to him ...but he's not exactly speaking with much coherence.
You guys are totally sponsored by Walther! You keep wearing the merchandise! I love the appearances of their guns!
That guy is delusional & has a terrible annoying accent. What a dumbass on top of it!
So that kid basically wants everyone chipped and tracked.   He REALLY hasn't thought that through.....
So an X-Ray border?
Am I taking crazy pills or did the second guy take a round-about way to describe not only a wall, but to put personal trackers on everyone? Yeah, that sounds very free-flowing.
The first thing I disagree with Crowder
X-ray border?.........
Build the wall already !
The second guy Steven talked with... That's what a 70 IQ individual sounds like. In case anyone was wondering what the hell is he blabbering about.
The wall is in order to filter and document immigrants.. If you come into America undocumented, you can get away with crimes and tax evasion because you are essentially nonexistent... Why don't people understand that concept...?
Would it be cruel to right "Immigrants will be probed" on the side of the wall they see?
your look at the end was priceless lol
Make them put into the system......yeah, you got a college degree....come on in!
Without a border enforcement, any type of high-tech x-ray system wouldnt work because what if someone just decided to run to the front of the line? I give him points for participating
13 minutes? I've taken longer shits than this video!
"Scientifical" - This guy is beyond retarded. He doesn't even understand his own position. There's the future Gov. of New Mexico everyone.

Misinformation is the reason why everyone is an activist today.
Lady probably thought it was a waste of money building the wall, so making it harder to get in could be a better alternative, also make them citizens? my parent took 30 years to become legal citizens doing it the right way by getting working Visa and paying taxes the system to make money of them is already there.
oh boy
First of all, props to the Mexican American, for asking the proper steps on getting illegal/illegal criminal migrants deported.

Second, to the dude. Holy shit, brain cells lost on that one. Yeah, great idea champ. X-Ray-ID check them?? Get them paths to citizenship but in the same token, get rid of borders? OxyMORON much? Make up your fucking mind. Such smart.
Lets get an army of T-800s to moniter who comes in, with satellite rays to tag their laser IDs so we know when they come in and can tax them. Your move, Mexico.
Ted Cruz is a pussy change my mind
God, IRL streamers are so retarded. Talk a lot, talk fast, spout nothing but bullshit.
The only reason I don't support a wall is because I am afraid it would mess with the wildlife around the area
Its's just an upgraded version of what already exists, people just get so triggered and want to call it racism, so many are uninformed
The 2nd guy is living in the future
Us just tax them make them legal and then they can vote the same traitors in so America can look like the places they left. They just can't see the cause n effect of there emotional free thoughts
Whew lad this is gonna be a good one
Holy fuck didnt know that you interviewed the wrtier of Black Mirror Season 5
Who remembers when Crowder lost a debate to Yusuf?
X-ray Id scanner wall ;)
Like if you bursted out in laughter at the look Crowder gave the camera at the end.
Brah .... my brain hurts
"I'm not mexican"... sure you aren't, poncho.
'Free flowing Scientifical Rays'
Build the wall!
ID passcod, but no wall??? Sounds like a great future governor
lets just put a tracker on everyone so the gov. can track everyone.
Wow, the second guy is absolutely stupid, just like most of them are.
This wasnt long enough!
6:30
Bare Knuckle Canuck leaving a comment
Deport to the warp
this was painful to listen to
Mexico will never help us with illegal immigration and with handling of they're  Southern borders and the drug lords. If all of you that dont understand this thats why the wall must go up.
I absolutely love this series....but for the life of me, could not watch this retard. Regardless of his views....i couldn't bare to listen to him! Back to watching SJW throwdowns
Drinking game: Take a shot every time he says uhh
When you get the CRTV ad of a Change my Mind video, on a Change my Mind video...
It sounds like the future governor of New Mexico wants a toll booth.  But you would need a wall to guide people to the toll booths.
Can you do a Part 2 of this while you converse with actual educated people? These people cant even complete a proper sentence.
I would love to debate this with him but I live in Baltimore MD I wonder if he would debate this with me in the comments
2 million!!! 
Look at the end of video just priceless....a picture that tells a thousand words :))
I cant wait until an intelligent guy sits down with you.
Bless the first lady who was willing to ask questions
I think that dude was "special".
Good news tho, they found the town fool.
I heard that Trump shot down the wall himself. So, like I am confused. I haven't heard either way about the wall. So,  I was for the wall, but I haven't heard anything about it since election. XD
Rip XXXTentacion
Open the borders as soon as we end the welfare state.
Problems solved.
Why is it so short...?! :/
Why bler out her face but not her badge?
So apparently Crowder's transgender change my mind video is an ad on this video. lel
The second guy is no "mastermind individual" How do these morons survive to adulthood?
Guy #2..hes a little excited and a little retarded..  and watched 1 too many Marvel movies, talking about this Xray machine at a random location, not a border. Hes a little bipolar is my official opinion.
Leroy, who is selling you drugs?
Drugs coming over borders is actually a huge problem because the DEA is cracking down really hard on this so-called opioid epidemic so people that do have chronic pain and have life-long conditions cannot get prescribed the medication and the suicide rate is going up and illegal drug use is going up just so they can function day to day it's sad but it's true and I've seen it and then they get hooked on these drugs and they die or they just stay on them for life and doctors won't take them seriously but they also don't want to uphold the Hippocratic Oath 2 help a patient and in pain and suffering or control it without discrimination.
Holy fuck IQ test to vote NOW!!
The 2nd dude from New Mexico is way off base. I grew up in New Mexico. I am part Mexican, my wife is a legal immigrant and we had to leave because of the crime last year. It is so violent there. Bullets have gone through my wall, our cars have been stolen, I have witness people murdered. It desperately needs help.
If someone is doing something illegal its gonna be hard to convince them to do the legal thing. You think they are gonna have a get right with Jesus moment and all of the sudden do the legal thing? Of course not...thats why we have the problems with illegal immigration today. Build a wall and/or secure the border do what needs to be done, I pretty fed up with my tax dollars go to people doing illegal activites in general.
AH NOPE!
what the hell was the second guy talking about?
Jesus he needs to quit hitting the crack pipe before trying to hold a serious conversation. Just fucking clueless.
Im sorry, but that second guy is an idiot. He is just vomiting nonsense in vocal form. 
I one day plan on being the governor of New Mexico. Lol.
that second guy is a complete joke, as soon as he said he wanted open free flowing open borders I immediately started laughing.  He reminds me of the retard lefty teachers and peers who tried to brainwash us when I was growing up.
What Science Fiction is this x Ray border?
Got a Crowder ad before the vid!
the first 10 seconds, I DIED LMFAO.
Person #1:  "I don't support a wall but I want to deport my emigrant neighbors because they are criminals"

Person #2:  "I don't want a wall because it won't work.  There is a better solution but I have no idea what it is."

:::Sigh:::
9:50 sounds like Germany in the 40's
I liked the Spaniard dude, respectful, but a little uniformed.
An X-ray machine border! https://youtu.be/cWIHv7a6luY
That's pretty short compared to others "Change my mind"
This dude wants to microchip people and track them lmao.
There is a third type of people who watch it on Youtube. Mug Club members who are to busy to watch a full hour. #iammugclub #inormallywatchonyt
Only 13 mins...? 
Dude in the white shirt and backpack doesn't want a wall...HE WANTS A FUCKING PANOPTICON
BUILD THAT FUCKING WALL!
you gotta do this somewhere else where you'll get some sit down interviews
the 2nd guy wants a world government and the mark of the beast. stupid fucks i swear
Woah hes talking about quantum physics border X-ray magic gates. 
W E     H A V E     T H E     M A S T E R M I N D
Hey Crowder,

Please, if possible, cover her ID card otherwise she is dead meat. When this video picks up, and it will, there will be people looking for her to do justice MS-13 style. Believe me. As a Latino who grew up in a really bad neighborbood, I can tell you what is done to 'informants' aka leechers.
> 3.5% commuting 37% of murders

JESUS CHRIST
Gfoh with that tag shit....what's to stop the government from tagging legals. Omg wow and he's serious with his ideology.
Man what year was the second guy living in? X-ray border scanning?
We definitely need that wall and all the improvements and upgrades along the border to protect our sovereignty.
unpopular opinion here but are there stats on the number of people that are in the states illegally, that got through the border legally and just overstayed their Visas? I feel like a lot of illegal immigration is just due to the prohibitively strict laws that might prevent people from re-entering the united states after they've left which results in people over staying. I don't have numbers because it's not a topic I care about passionately enough to look into but I feel like there should be more to this than just "HUURRRR DURR BUILD DAT WALL KICK OUT DEM DURN IMMIGRUNTS"
So he doesn't want a wall... but a digital id tag/scanner system that would cost tons MORE than a wall? Wow...
"We need an X-Ray border"
I have a problem with the people who advocate for no borders no walls, a lot of us came to this country to literally get away from a shithole country, last thing I want is for them to open the all borders and turn this into the shithole Ieft behind.
Issue green cards and keep the good and weed out the bad
'I know a couple of really nice mexicans, so we should let all of them in and stop having a border, you bigot. Have you considered the feelings of these hypothetical illegals. You should just tax these people that aren't even in the system.'
Governor ??   OMG !
Yikes. Paraphrasing: "I don't want a wall; I want an x-ray, sci-fi wall."

I can't believe these people exist. I wonder what type of idiots our fore-fathers were dealing with when they decided to frame a republic instead of a democracy.  

The fact that they were dealing with higher levels of illiteracy back then versus now makes me understand their decision.
I love uneducated people talking about pharmacology, it's a good way to show me that you are stupid anyway.
This guy is has the iq level of a pea.
Walls are dumb. Ladders are cheaper. Before you say, but muh Israel... Israelis are willing to use lethal force to stop illegal aliens, that is what works, not their wall. Their wall only shows where the line is.
Taxes  Our taxes dont pay  for anything! Trump just gave military like 1 trillion dollars so far!
Build the wall with your ass. So original.
Illegal immigration is a blot. You are not entitled to enter any country you wish, just like you are not entitled to enter someone's house without their permission. 

Go through the legal process, I support making this process more efficient. But America should have high standards on who gets to come into the country otherwise we get people that will abuse the country and the generosity we offer.
Steven should have just drawn a picture for the guy.
uh
I thought there was already a wall/fence thing?
holy crap he can't complete a thought.
If I come here illegally I want free healthcare dental housing food stamps and daycare otherwise Im not coming
"Just make them legal" perfect reward them for their crimes!
10:54  Hey folks, meet the next governor of New Mexico!
the second guy seemed unstable, that was probably more dangerous than going to detroit.
First
I don't think I'd find comfort with that "not" gay guy having my back there
That look at the end though...
she has a plant in a bottle..
Why sooo short?
So basically that guy is suggesting chipping all the illegal immigrants.
This was to short. Release a part 2 asap!
The last guy was such a fucking hippie jesus christ
"I believe there should be no border patrol but I also think we need some kind of border patrol."
Damnit man!!    
Crowder if you see this 
(HIT ME UP ) 
I'LL show you a corrupted small town that hides and protect illegals. They commit crimes and won't be arrested . I've seen it with my own eyes.   I'll take you to the Mayor and everything. 
I'm ready to fight back cause it's getting crazy out here.
C'mon guys, we just need X-rays at the borders to scan the illegals number and document them.
Annnnnnnnnnnnnnnnddddd the Cartels just killed her whole bloodline
Just another thing you can do while wearing ranger panties
xray border OP!
I GOTTA GO MAKE SOME POPCORN FOR THIS. LOVE YOU STEVEN
That dude was a fucking idiot lol
The lady was really nice.
FINALLY
can you deport Leroy for being a total buffoon?
was waiting for this one
What the hell just happened Leroy!!! Lmao
Both people were very civil! Great episode!
We should focus on wages. There's no question that mass immigration has played a major role in the wage stagnation that the average American has seen over the past 50 years.

Demand for labor increases wages. When demand for workers is high, wages are high. It's impossible for demand for workers to be high (in most fields, there are some outliers like healthcare) when we have added tens of millions of immigrants to the workforce. It's impossible.

Mass immigration kills wages. Mass immigration does not help the average American. The average American has seen their wages stagnate for more than 50 years now and mass immigration plays a huge role in that.
Not gay Jared a Indians fan go tribe
xrays... or any rays...dont work like that
do another
that dude in the white shirt must have ate alot of paint chips as a child..... im amazed natural selection let him make it this far in life...... my god hes delusional lmfao!!!!!!!
It's not about taxes and "get more money", you fcking mexican vlogger. Uncontrolled immigration brings lots of problems, issues with the economy and shape cultures in ways your country don't want. A "multicultural" country will never exists cuz they will create a new "culture" for that place... hard different point of views creates divisions and it never enriches.
I think we shouldn't build the wall mainly because of how expensive and ineffective.People that are illegal are not all criminals. Mexico is having political problems and there crime has goten worse. which is why people are coming from mexico to escape bad conditions and to give a better life for there children. I understand that this is not every one is like this but making a wall will make us pay a lot of money and will not stop people from getting in.  (sorry if i have errors I am bad at grammer and punctuation.)
I'm glad he was respectful towards him. 
The second guy wants Auschwitz tattoos for people coming in.
I believe that we should deport them simply on the principle that they broke a law, therefore they should be punished. We don't grant amnesty to thieves, murderers, and other criminals, so why should we treat ILLEAGAL immigrants any differently?!
holy crap an x-ray border would cost more than a plain wall lmaooooo
Oh damn its like that? Legal immigrants are threatened by illegals?
Did I not get the memo on how the world became dumb over night, This was hard to watch
"I dont think there should be a wall, that would be too intrusive, we should just make everything in Minority Report real."

...
Build a hilarious obstacle course at the border and sell it on pay per view, anyone who gets thru it wins a free catapult ride back home.
Fuck off we're full. Especially for people that have no skills, don't speak our language and as a majority take more in welfare than they contribute in taxes. Also, research the change in crime rate before 1965 to after when we first changed our immigration policy to allow 3rd world immigrants.
The amount of tyranny I fear would be implemented to tag everyone electronically but I hear what hes saying . I still want a wall . Mind not changed but I heard him out .
2nd dude gave me a Headache! Immigration is such a HUGE issue. If the Politician in Their countries Cared!! They would make sure to take care of it's citizens! But they are heavily Selfish. Colombia has a HUGE immigration problem with Venezuela right now so much that the economy can't sustain them all.
Not sure how you keep a straight face listening to such absolute bullsh!t
BET CANT WAIT TO WATCH
Funnel everyone to an xray gate without using walls or borders..??
A turnstile in the middle of the desert with a open sign lit above it. ... OK, that'll work.
Build the wall.  Deport all illegals without mercy.  Strip, detain, and deport all new attempts.  Come here legally or not at all.
the guy with the go pro is INSANE, lol
lets trade our daily freedom so we can go without a wall.....1984 much? you narcissistic cam whore lol
That first Mexican lady a fuckin bitch reporting illegal immigrants? She should know how hard it is for Mexicans commin and trying to better their life thats fucked up. Ehh Im not a illegal immigrant but my granddad is and ik how hard it was for him to get through but now we are very rich so hard work pays off
More change my mind
Hard to watch. Leroy is a fucking idiot. Most people seem to be. These people are so stupid they can't even recognize how stupid and uninformed they are. Just think about the fact they their vote negates yours. Fuck democracy.  Look at these people and think of the "term jury of your peers". Scary isn't it.
John kenn mortensen
honestly illegal immigrants genuinely piss me off because my mom went through so much to get her green card. they make it out like its nearly impossible to get one when its not. just do your part and youll be fine. its so much easier. illegal immigrants live in fear because of the wrong decision they made. they get everything for free and dont even pay taxes. why should we feel any sympathy for them when theyre living off of us?
8:43, this idiot. Without borders there is no COUNTRY.
We need an x-ray border to tag people coming in....i've never facepalmed so hard
That dude went full sci-fi at the end there.
The real problem with Immigration is that the Cartels basically own the Latin American Countries and their Leadership, through secret dealings with establishment figures of Western World Etc!. The South American people associate these dealings to the common people of USA and Europe! Do not let this become a distraction, they want us divided, the liberals are dividing the Migrants to fear the common man in USA thus increasing local antagonism. Be aware!
Xray border...
What kind of sci fi drugs was the second person on?
Everyone in this comment section came from immigrants change my mind
It's time we start sending these open borders people to non western countries as a reality check. They are lost in the propaganda
Red Flag: The second interviewee basically described the 'mark of the beast' from the Bible as a solution. Very scary if this came to be to where the gov't can track your movements with precision accuracy. What's to stop them from putting these so-called scanning devices everywhere? Thought police would be arresting you for posting what is considered 'hate-speech'. I get it. Everyone wants security, but to say that you're willing to give up somebody else's rights to attain this specific right for yourself is completely asinine.
Build the wall realy?! The US is breaking there's no money....lol
My heart goes out to the first person who sat down, then I proceeded to sigh in disappointment after listening to the second speaker who was, without any thought or critical thinking, conflating immigration with illegal immigration. Then again without missing a beat, using words like magic spells to get results, talking about having a tagging and check-in system at the border even though he claimed to disagree with the wall and borders. Mad respect to Steven Crowder for having the patience to deal with this and the tact to leave on good terms with the people he speaks with during the panels.
Your expression at the end says it all XD
Interesting how people are saying DEPORT THEM ALL in the comments. I guess all doesnt include their children.
Build that wall.
2nd guy had some good points, I dont agree, but he had some good points
why the fuck is the video  so short
Out of what percentage of illegal immigrants commit crimes? 

Uhhh... 100%, illegal is in their title.
My parents left a former Soviet country, became citizens legally, have never broken the law, pay their taxes, love the country and worked hard after earning their PHDs. OH and learned English within the first year. Meanwhile its fair for illegals to get a free pass?
Im mexican american, conservative, but i dont agree with the wall. I just think its a primitive idea that wont work. Maybe it did back then around the time of Jesus, but nowadays, it can be easily beat by some ladder and some rope. Tunnels exist too. I do want more border security, but i just dont feel a wall will succeed.
Only 13 minutes long? What a shame.
Sekiro> ghosts of Tsushima 
________________________

        Change my mind
This guy youre interviewing is evidence that your country is doomed.
2nd guest: Just shove the government fist right up my ass...
The Spanish guy is retarded as hell. Sorry to insult but he IS for border security and the wall, but not for it? 
Her face got blurred, but she has a visible ID tag on with her face....
Dude is definitely on coke
These people have no respect for borders or the law but lol they will just pay taxes facepalm
I like these videos but I like them more if it was on a college campus. Im 37 (a lot of people my age are on the left I know they are wrong.) but I like to see what the SJW babys are thinking.
You should of asked him how many people does he think is fare to let in a year.
Not gay Jared is the most intimidating body guard with those sun glasses and that hand on his hip.  Watch out!
5:30 Hes Spanish  You said your family has been here since the 1550s. Stop the lies! Your a Mexican too.
My family has been in New Mexico since 1550 




The Americas werent colonized until 1607...
Too short! Want to see a longer one!
Im the biggest Pogo fan now
Why don't you make any economic arguments, @StevenCrowder? It's so simple to defeat these people by doing so. You could reference the housing market and how having a massive & sudden influx of people causes a huge spike in housing prices & increases homelessness. This is one of the reasons housing in California is so dang expensive. The "Demand" for housing literally can't keep up with the "Supply" of housing. By simply referring Supply & Demand, you could wreck these people, Steven.
I gotta say, these people were pretty interesting lol. They were cordial and decent though, so I give them props for that.
Liberals keep repeating the separate children from parents narrative when they dont bat an eye when it comes to abortion. 
This man doesnt even know hes Hispanic not Spanish
that fuck tard just might win if he runs.
Next you should do Im Not Feminist Change My Mind or something like that
I'm pretty sure that second guy was trolling..I honestly hope he isn't that fucking stupid...an x-ray boarder ?? Like what the actual fuck xD
Youre extremely intelligent....but you talk too fast and you are a bit over the top....
Im disappointed with this change my mind. No strong arguments opposing the wall.
Construyan La Pared ------> Build the Wall in spanish in case there are illegals watching this video.
Mexican dude is on amphetamines.
2 Change My Minds in 1 week! Yesss!
This talk about removing borders annoys the shit out of me. So you fucks dont want borders? Okay then. Lets have the US annex Mexico. If they cant help their own people to the point that they feel the need to enter our country with their problems, then lets deal with it at the root
build a wall??... well maybe you should show them that there's already a wall there... in most places... not only one wall there's in fact as much as 7 structures/obstructions in some cases including a big ass wall... maybe you should show them the clip of Obama saying it would be stupid to build a wall while government workers we're out building an actual wall on his orders - and building an existing wall even higher...literally out building a wall while he's saying it would be stupid to build a wall... no joke...
maybe you should show them the footage of illegal immigrants bragging about their invasion and how they're now in majority in several Californian cities and at this rate American will be in minority to illegal immigrants/children of illegal immigrants.... and no there NOT called dreamers... no way no how...
70% of Pakistanis are inbred. 67% of Saudi Arabians are inbred. 64% of those living in Jordan and Kuwait are inbred. 63% of Sudanese are inbred. 60% of Iraqis are inbred. 54% of Muslims in the United Arab Emirates and Qatar are inbred. 25-30% of those in Turkey are inbred. Keep 'em out.
I just think building a wall would create a lot of division that has never proven successful in the past
I love a good Change My Mind.  
Push them to the front of the line so they can be legal? Fuck that my grandparents came from Italy  the legal way and couldnt speak English so they gave them the last name bell, I guess thats the price of freedom huh
God, I can't wait to sign my name on that big, beautiful, wall.
Travel anywhere super fast, super cheap... someone has seen too much Star Trek.
Xray scanner lol
The second speaker you had was awesome . I loved his open mind and ideas and general just niceness about him .
Wanting to keep illegal immigrants out.
Not wanting to build a wall. 

Pick one
That guy was hyper unintelligent. Stevens face at the end summed up my feeling to a T.
Build the Motherfucking wall!
Call Tony Stark.  He will figure all this out.  Hes a genius you know......
This may have had the least information and debating I've ever seen a change my mind. Was it really that bad?
Conservatives are such pussies, I swear. They don't have the balls to say that immigrants from Mexico and Central America are a net loss-- they just dance around it and try to make it sound as if illegal immigration is the sole problem rather than third world immigration in general.
WE DEMAND MORE YUSEF!!
There should be a sign up sheet for people to volunteer to come build the wall.  I bet so many people would volunteer to work that the entire job could be done for very low labor costs.
Okay.... that dude.... has been taking so many drugs hes stuck in a forever cycle of dumb. X-ray scanners, no wall, written statements, AND wanting to be governor? I hope he knows to be governor you have to actually be able to comprehend and piece words together in an articulate way I think I lost some brain cells listening to him speak
That Spanish guy couldn't finish a thought....his mouth couldn't keep up with his 'brain'
God people are so ignorant. People dont understand that there is a difference between illegal immigration and coming into this country legally. Theres nothing about wanting a to protect our country from illegals that is racist. Im Mexican and completely against illegal immigration.
Build the x-ray border!
Why did I get a CNN ad?

And also Fuck your wall isnt exactly a good argument lol
I didn't catch who the last guy said he was and who he was with... anyone who did want to let me know?  If he posts a video, of the discussion on his own channel, it could be fun to watch. ;)
Simpler and more free-flowing, but with a lot more cost and technology... and complexity.  You know, a border but without the border... Or logic...
I see it comingaaaaaa..no wallaaaaa. No bordersaaaaaaaa
Great video
"some kind of x-ray border that shows us where they are at in the city".  WHAAATTTTTTT?????? HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
The ending was awkward..
This was a bad video. No content. No sjw pleading save the children. No bleeding leftists crying your separating the families without know any facts. This was a fail but also a positive that may end up being a negative in the up coming elections, cause the dems are gonna hammer the border cause they will not pass the bill to reform and use it as a taking point
You should have done this at the keep families together march. Haha you would have gotten plenty of people.
The  guy the in with the white shirt is a nut  hes trying to sound proper and its hilarious
CONGRATS ON 2 MIL!!!
Hey idiot never mind the taxes but who is giving them a free house a Job without considering the American people and Food?
Anyone else having a hard time following what this dude is trying to say? Complete a thought and complete a sentence ffs
The 2nd guy studied linguistics at the James Hettfield school of communications.  Theyre going to walk in here-ah. Some kind of code-ah or database-ah.
Mr trejo doesn't need to talk, he needs to listen. He didn't formulate one coherent sentence.
If they come through the xray border gate wearing tin foil hats won't that block the mind scanners? Jeez Steve, where did you find these people?
Wow!

Just wow...

That dude wants to be Governor? Wow...
I'm sorry that I made fun of your nose that one time.
Gotta love Steve's foreshadowy stare at the end.
Trump shouldn't be seperating parents from their KIDS....



They ALL need to be SENT BACK, to wherever they came from.
We have such a high technology and yet we're relying on a wall. Use drones or get better technology to watch and patrol the border. We can have a better security and help Americans by creating jobs for the border instead of a wall.
That look at the end...priceless
RFID border
can you do a Donald Trump isn't racist chang my mind
Most of the time they dont sneak over the border though. Yes it does happen, but usually they legally fly over to visit family and then just never leave. And lets be completely honest, there are a lot more things that are hire up on the list then hunting down illegal immigrants.
Have he ever actually change his mind?
The Spanish guy has some points, but most of he is mostly incoherent ranting and crazy statements. He is in his own bubble.
10:56 is scientifical a word
That dude is pie in the sky
So for the legals who don't want the wall don't want it why? They miss out on reporting themselves to ICE and getting free transportation? Illegals don't pay tax or contribute, or assimilate frankly what is this moron blogger talking about? If you want nothing to do with me I want nothing to do with you - build that wall!
the all powerful x-ray border
My grandfather immigrated to America from Greece legally to escape nazi tyranny. If there were a lot illegals like nowadays, I wouldnt be where I am.
Wether i agree with the second guy or not at least he was real thought process and they were able to speak and try...
Do this one again, this guy was a joke. As usual great job
Borders are going to be a thing of the past....?  Yeah fuck that, no thanks.
At first i thought this second guy was out to lunch but the more I heard it sounded like prime mark of the beast technology.
That woman aint legal LOL
13:15 mfw "x-ray borders"
In theory if there was a radiation field near the boarder you could know who crossed based on residual radiation
Well done
The guy who was "Spanish".  Ha!  I've known a few people like that; it's a subculture in Mexico.  They are immensely proud of their pure Spanish bloodline, unpolluted by that greasy, dark Indian blood.  But when it suited him, you can be sure this guy would start with the, "You be racist!  You be racist!"
Man how high is the guy in the white shirt. He cant even form a proper sentence. I don't know how crowder kept from busting out laughing.
I dont want to live in East Berlin
As a proud american of hispanic background I say build that fucking wall
Blurry face blurry thoughts....wtf?
No border wall but that's bad, but RFID tagging and tracking them live, that's ok..... holy shit that's fucking scary why didn't he just go full running man and install explosives on the chip that can be detonated for infractions of thought crime.......
Building a wall is so idiotic. Spend that money on further enhancing your border security infrastructure. You'd probably stop more illegal immigration that way. 

But hey what do I know I'm a Canadian cuck.
Obama was a bad President: change my mind
Hmm, for some reason this video is giving me some fits.  Very slow buffering, but of course, I looked up a pride month video and clicked on that, super fast buffering.  YouTube throttling again.
Did Sven Computer steal the church van?
Lmfao that end stare doe...
Ive said it for years. LEGAL IMMIGRANTS HATE ILLEGAL IMMIGRANTS!
This is pretty idiotic on your part Crowder, a title like immigration reform: change my mind would have worked much better. You should be smart enough to know how most people would react to phrase Build the wall now we just missed out on some possibly good discussion.
The guy is completely nuts and out of touch.. lol
I have a feeling that guy is a star trek fan lol Also I bet he is against the idea of chipping people to, Yet his idea would mean chipping every single Mexican jus to know whenever one decides to jump over his "x-ray border" 
I got a louder with crowder ad of only 2 genders on this change my mind. Is this a crossover episode LMAO
YAAAASSSS!! I've been waiting for this one! I have a friend that refuses to accept the wall, and I will never understand them
So both of those interviews where all over the place.  I feel people don't think the border security through. It's just "the illegal immigrants are the victims" or on the other side it's "They are all evil" 

If we dont have or secure borders we cease to be a nation and turn into an anarchy state. We have laws to protect people thus laws must be enforced! And when laws are outdated or wrong we need to change said laws. And we have 3 branches of government in order to be able to do that. But ignoring laws is NOT the answer.
Turn off the lights lock the door and look in the mirror... Say build the wall 3 times and legend says a wild Trump will appear
Second person.... Wow... That is one thick head. Yeah xrays to tag their ID. What? So theyd have to aome how already have these id tags. Like what the fuck. He wants to microchip everyone. Guy is special kind of stupid.
NEVER   STOP   MAKING   THESE
Yo, blur her credentials
Make their country better, stop making ours worse.
I find is extremely funny that children being detained is all the rage right now. You know what wouldn't break families apart but would stop them from entering the country illegally? A wall.
Not even a minute in but Ima make a video called Steven needs longer shorts, change my mind.
Hillary Clinton belongs in prison, change my mind.
This is getting dangerous really fast ... God forbid anything bad happening to Steve crowder or his crew  being out in the streets ...stick to the college campus man , there's nothing out in the streets for you... " Kids are our future" make them think
"there's a war down there... wait shit i said too much" lmfao
Hell yeah build a wall. America deserves a secure and protected border.
The second person is so drugged out lol
Ask these people "if you don't believe in walls, then why do you lock the doors of your home?"
Even change my mind segments start with POGO... I dig it.
That second guy...no "mastermind individual" would support open borders of any kind. This guy is too stupid to have his opinion taken seriously. Supporting illegal immigrants in any capacity is just helping strengthen the cartel. So when you hear someone say they don't want illegals deported...just assume they support the cartels corrupt strangehold on Mexican politicians, police, and military members.
I got an ad that showed ur last change my mind
This guy in the white shirt isn't making any sense.
That guy gave me a headache...
I think shes saying "lending" and not laundering, ...she just mixed up her words. She's clairfying what loan sharks are and accidently uses "laund" before correcting herself and saying "lending" a couple times. Making this money laundering and not lending is slightly more heinous and naturally supports your argument...but i think its erring on the wrong side of caution this time. Great video otherwise.
I like how he had Pogo playing in the background ever so slightly. Respect brother!
Is this guy high really stupid or both?
Guess what, Steven. I got a notification. 
X-ray boarder.... sure why not.
Mmk so. The Founding Fathers were overwhelmingly against immigration at all. Americanism was an ideal, and if you bring people in, it will kill the culture of those ideals. Benjamin Franklin specifically talked about that when he said it wasn't needed because the country would fill up naturally. 

Honestly, we need to stop all immigration until we can integrate into a nation of those ideals again.
This guys in white is retarded
I'll be honest. This one felt like a bit of a waste. There wasn't a single actual argument.

The dude was clearly against illegal immigration but was literally too crazy to have any idea what he was talking about.
I'm not personally for a border wall and feel that it cost to much money and the government needs to spend less. Although I am for strict border security and lowering the amount of migrants allowed to enter the country legally from 1M to 500k. I would rather lets say ramp up security by increasing troops at the border with extra fencing that stretches across the entire border. The amount of money that wall production and maintenance would cost would be to much and the government already spends to much.
Mr. Metekor is the best pony!!! Change my mind.
That ending.
Mastermind individuals. K, got it
When you get a Change my Mind ad on a change my mind video
An X-ray border.. lmao that's great
If you dont come here legally then you dont have the same rights as an American citizen. I dont care what the reason. We dont want you here. We dont need you here. So dont piss us off bye being a sneaky little cunt. We will allow you to come if you show us that you want to be here and are willing  to work hard.
There doesnt need to be liberal in liberal arts 
Change my mind
Lets take the illegal immigrants and put them in Work Camps so they build the wall. When they are done send them home. And that's how we make these people pay for it.
Holy crap - that dude (Leroy) has run-on of the mouth disease.  Jeeze, doesn't have a freakin' clue about anything.
The guy who had the go pro filming is a complete idiot. He doesn't understand anything about the immigration. He wants no borders? Are you retarded.
That guy in the white tee made me cringe every 20 seconds
You got me. Im a cheap prick, but the more I watch, the more I strive for the mug.
What the hell kind of accent makes this dude pronounce 'fast' as "fasteh"????
This was the worst chance my mind videos because of the participates, but good topic. Keep it up.
having a wall wouldnt help, you can get ladders and other shit to get over....
The Spaniard dude is retarded .
Who needs a wall, A BIG ASS X-RAY
Feminism is Cancer-Change my Mind
I have a question what makes someone Spanish? I thought if you are born in Spain that is what makes you Spanish. Correct?.. because I speak English and I don't say I'm English..I wasn't born in England. Lol
Damn he ran in there hot just to look dumb AF
there should be a strongly guarded border wall with 3-5 immigration checkpoints alongside it. any immigrant that wants to adapt to American culture, work hard, and be proud of the United States should be allowed into a sanctuary city, different from the polarizing ones already in existence. these cities would house immigrants and monitor their work ethic. with an entirely immigrant population, they will not be "taking [American] jobs". anyone who does not work, serve, or study will be detained and deported, along with criminals. after 2-5 years of living in the sanctuary city, the now-Americans will be allowed to leave and make their lives in the rest of the country, leaving room for new immigrants. with this method, immigrants will assimilate and prove their worth while also creating jobs at the immigration checkpoints along the border. there may be a few problems with this plan but, if made popular, Congress should be able to fix them.
Lol. The 2nd guy is on drugs.
Make America White Again
Macedonia is part of Greece not a seperate Slavic nation change my mind.
That's cool that the guy gave you such great content because he's such a buffoon but what the f*** does he think this is Blade Runner 2049?
Too short
Build that wall!
Why do all these people seem uneducated?
#BuildTheWall
My problem isn't with the illegal immigrant question. I question its effectiveness when 40% of Illegal immigrants come on planes and most of them come legally but overstay their welcome. The wall would be mildly ineffective at best. Plus the billions of dollars it would require to plan, build, and maintain the wall each year just to keep out a few thousand immigrants would harm the economy more than it would help.
Build the x-ray wall!
How ignorant can you be?
Steven I love that you did this segment, I'd hope you be willing to do it again in the future and get some more inputs from more people
this guy thinks he's gonna be governor? lmaoooooo
Illegals to migrate to wakanda and sheet. #wall
Where was all the outrage when Barry from Honolulu was pres.  Same law, same procedures....?
Free flowing X-Ray Border 
I LOVE THESE VIDEO STEVE <3 <3<3
 this dude is literally describing a border with specific entry points to register people. I like to call this idea a wall
Seriously? Only 16-17 minutes?!
Build the wall
Immigration isn't necessary change my mind
Where's fornite when you need it?
I just got an ad for the only two genders change my mind while I was watching this
Im against illegal immigrants but Im against the wall, because we dont have the funds for it, and theres no chance in hell that Mexico will pay for it
I don't think a Wall is the perfect answer, but I do agree with illegal aliens entering the country is the anti immigration
the guy who claimed to be spanish from mexico seems like he doesn't think things through thoroughly
Seems like YouTube is messing with internet speeds
As you humans become a space-faring species, borders will be absolutely crucial to prevent the spread of infectious diseases to yourself and your native wildlife. Trust me, as an alien myself, weve been there. #buildthewall
"x-ray scanner" LOL a border would be a lot cheaper
Need to do this topic again. This guy was horrible. Not knowledgeable. Was looking forward to you debating someone with a better argument
Lol why did I get a 'there are 2 genders change my mind' as an ad before this
A super chocolatey fudge coated mega scanner.
The absolute madman
I got a change my mind crtv ad on this video
Wtf.. that guy lmao. Seriously what the hell
"I don't believe in borders they are a thing of the past" it really makes you think about the education system
Congrats on 2 mil crowder
How come you didn't blur her badge?
Bruh wtf was the first dude saying  hes under the influence of something. Jesus I hope he never becomes governor of NM
To be honest I love the last guy he's quite creative
Crowders face at the end 
#SaveNotGayJared He's just standing there!!!
Why is this one so short? Is it a lack of content or will a full video be released? (love the content btw)
Build it tall
This guy was confusing me lol
god damn he was patient with leroy, that face at the end explained everything
Im first! I cant fucking believe it! Finally after all this times!!!
I was just talking about this with a friend on this issue and she said all the studies have shown the wall wont have any effect on illegal immigration. Anyone know what she was talking about? I just cant imagine a border wall would have no effect.
954-756-3711 text me your hate or call me 
Whats the current price for the x-ray tagging system preposed?
We need the wall as a deterent. We need order and control of who comes into our country.  It's more than people coming through.
 to that 2nd guest as well. Wow just wow. God help New Mexico if he becomes the governor 
I looked that last guys's page up and its just about smoking weed.
Bind your wall to left click and use Metal
That dude in the white shirt seems to have some issues...
XrAy bOaRDeR
The one dislike is an immigrant
Lol the second guy had no idea what he was talking about
Why at 5:14 did I hear the Jaws theme start to play?
It has to be built. Period.
13:17    Priceless
Let's X-ray those immigrants
can we just get rid of illegals NOW.
If people are already risking their lives in order to come to America I'm sure a wall won't change their decision. It's just one screwed up situation. Neither the "left" or the "right" have a proper solution
Thank you for keeping up with change my mind series! Great show!
Dude, these people can barely even speak let alone debate... Why don't you debate someone with some intelligence in this subject haha?
That ending stare down
The Spanish guy makes me want them to add 20 more feet to the wall.
The last guy was literally a Nazi.
WHY isn't this an hour long.
I dont use the word dumb to describe people often, but this guy is a fucking retard.
The future governor of New Mexico.
Islam isn't a Religion of Peace: Change my Mind
That 'governor of New Mexico' that's been thinking about this stuff for years is pretty clueless.
I live in New Mexico, and I can tell you right now, this guy will never be elected governor. There's nothing separating him from the rest of the ill-informed people here.
While working for the tax government agency - I found many Mexicans didn't pay taxes because their income is low....however, they claimed the maximum of children for Earned income Credit, Child tax credit, and additional tax credit.....many times they made more in a refund in tax refund then they claimed they made in a year.  Also, some don't have a social security number - they use an ITIN (identification number) so they can claim the child tax credits.....many times they claim children that are not even theirs - the IRS has cracked down more on not allowing credits without verification they live in the household (such as letter from school)
can i get free mug
That face at the end says it all haha.
i can appreciate you blocking her face.  am honest opinion without allowing anyone to crucify her...  
Trump is so stupid. Why didn't he think of using an X-ray to cover the entire US border.
Shit dude that mexican dude wants to be chipped and read. Without borders we have no country. It's simple and easy to understand.
I hav to to go be told wat think about this.   X ray. Micro wave. Laser pointer thing.
A few mastermind individuals! Why hasn't anybody already thought of that?   LOL
Me: We should build the wall.

Your Average Liberal: NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN NEIN!
It's here!
I'm Mexican-American conservative, Trump supporter. The only one in my friend and family group.

I'm not for the wall but I understand.
I believe it's an ineffective way stop illegal migrants from crossing.
I DO believe in beefing up border security.
Not only Mexico, why not Canada, too as well as coast guards.
This is gonna be good.
The Hispanic dude seemed like a nice guy...but he has the I.Q. of a fleshlight.
I'm a born American citizen who got stuck living in South America for 18 years. Reason I had to be there for 18 years is because my father wasn't there to allow me to get a passport and I had to become an adult and prove to the American embassy that as an adult I could get an American passport to come back to the states. Some weird ass law that prevented me from getting passports as a kid without my father there forced me to live in a fucking third world country for 18 years. This is why I'm against illegal immigration. Because as an American citizen I had to immigrate back to my own fucking country legally. If I did it, they can and should fucking do it as well.
Oh shit lol. You crazy bastard, Crowder
Build The Wall. High and electrified.
10

FEET

HIGHER
Can we all just admit the truth? Most leftists are stupid and ignorant because they never exercise free thought or critical thinking.
Idk where he went. He deleted his comment but some fuck was calling out the first woman with racist insults and slurs and labelling here an "illegal". Wherever youve gone sir a) shes a legal immigrant. and b)this has NOTHING to do with race
xray boarder please
Build the wall, get it done. A sovereign nation has the Right and its Government has the Duty, to defend the country from foreign invasion.
Why is it that people who are for open borders are so low rent individuals?
X-ray border?
Wow the second guy is dumb as a box of rocks.
Definitely need more of this Steven. Please do a 2nd edition of build the wall
Wowzers
The dude saying hes not mexican but his parents had been in mexico since the 1500..... like bro, you're ancestors are fucking mexican lmao that guy was such an idiot.
Listening to this guy is giving me down syndrome. Help pls...
whispers in a microphone
America must control their demographics, otherwise there will be no more America.
7:20 how would Americans sell drugs if they don't have a piece to sell? The answer is they can't.
Was pretty hype when dude with camera sat down. Thought thered be decent discussion. One sentence in I realized I was mistaken.
How do I report those people....classic.
How high was this guy?
Shit boi, thats the answer: an X-ray border
Why do people support illegal immigrants? I mean, it's literally in the name. ILLEGAL.
have a few 'mastermind individuals' stick everyone with an electronic tag and tax them .... really??????
Holy fuck
Wish this was longerrrr
Dude is so stupid lol
God Bless this sweet scared lady!  Reality check folks!
Yeah man don't do what your doing now, just like do the same thing but I'll Mastermind that shit once I get moar high bro!
SORRY BUT THE FUTURE "GOVERNOR" IS AN IDIOT
A drunk illegal totalled my parked car and the cop let him walk  away. 
When I seen the judge she said don't worry about it your insurance will pay for it.  Two weeks later I received the money. The illegal didn't have to come to court or anything .True story
Arrest libs, force them to labor building the wall, on completion - toss them over!
The wall isn't practical though, and will keep more immigrants in. Don't get me wrong, I am all for fighting illegal immigration, but building a wall isn't going to solve the problem.
The wite man brings in the drugs
Why do those liberals want to make sweet sweet love to a wall????
The 16th century "Spanish American" (B>S/Pardon my French) didn't know his horse from his elbow.
"I don't want to get off on the topic"- crowder
Even if you are against illegal immigration, there is absolutely no evidence building a wall will deter their numbers lol Idiots
Lol I got a crtv ad showing the 2 genders change my mind
That guy is on drugs
10:00 this guy is probably a customer of the drug trade...
Yea I get we already have crime normally, but why allow more crime to come in? Isnt the goal to reduce crime hence prevent more illegals from coming in?
Tracking devices on every illegal! Thats going to work out!
Homeboy plans on being the governor of New Mexico. Fuck me, that's hilarious.
My God, Leroy is insane. He proposed everything that would cause global tryanny.
That lady is wanting to get her head chopped off 
BUILD THE SPACE WALL
The man who sat down to change Stevens mind forgot his foil hat....
Anyone know where Crowder got his statistics?
public beheading for illegals
God those poor people are so being fed nothing but shit . It infuriates me this level of ignorance an the unwillingness to inform themselves but purposely act as if they are informed.
A gate with no wall.    That'll work.
that was not a great blur job.... hopefully she will be ok in the future
BUILD THE X-RAY GATE
Roses are red violets are blue
Build the wall deport them all
so how many generations before your family becomes mexican?????  this dude doesnt know he is mexican, how does he know whats best for America.             this dude thinks we should put a force field on board... there is a huge hole in his theory. if they avoid the check points what will stop them from avoiding the micro chip???
The second guy thinks he could be the governor of New Mexico
13:44 total time. Yikes. No one wanted to debate, huh?
I am an immigrant... The wall NEEDS to happen.
A lot of the hard working mexicans DON'T put into the system. They don't at all work hard enough to get what they end up with legally. They get paid under the table.
Lol x-ray wall
The wall just got 10 feet taller and now it will shoot x-rays at immigrants.
i found that guy annoying.


am i the only one or what
Please do a part 2! Need a longer version of this
As the son of a "legal" immigrant. I say build that wall!! If my poor mother can come here legally with the little money she had at the time so can everyone else.
Tax em lol
He is just saying what sounds smart to him
2nd guy is a total nut job
You gotta come here legally. My dad waited 10 years to do it despite living in the worst conditions in a communist country. If he can do it, so can anyone else. Keep it legal and fair for everyone to have a chance to get here.
Digital scanner?! Might as well just say you wanna stamp us with the Mark of The Beast!
If my country was a pile of garbage like Mexico, I would try like hell to NOT be deported back. But I don't understand the illegals who stay here for years not even trying to become a citizen. Just become a citizen and you 0% chance of being deported. Simple.
People going crazy over the wall lol. Its not like building the wall is going to completely keep immigrants out. They just have to come in legally. Stricter enforcement is needed. If you are a legal immigrant you have nothing to worry about. If you really want to come to this country then do it legally.
What's up, love your content!!
I'll have two Number 9's, a Number 9Large, a Number 6 with extra Dip, a Number 7, Two Number 45's, one with Cheese, and alargeSoda
LETS SHOW SOME D E P O R T T
Even if it stopped only 10% the saved costs pay for it fairly fast.
This guy is a real dum fuck
This isn't long enough!!! Make a part 2
Don't most illegal immigrants come over by plane and then overstay their Visa? I don't see how a wall would stop that.
Remember when you called me a conspiracy theorist for saying that the government was going to use old shut down Walmarts as detention areas?
Guess what?
Wish these were longer! Love them
Give more Americans jobs by building a new wall on the NORTHERN border
What the hell is the second person talking about. Hahahaha
4:23 you set yourself up
Haha the mental gymnastics of the second guy 
Austin ... Well there's your problem.
This is one of my favorite series. Love what Crowder does, but they maybe should've left the first lady out entirely or just done audio with voice distortion.
An X-ray border 
I just got a change my mind ad on a change my mind video...
Crazy to me how 2 years ago I would've been one of those idiots yelling things like, "fuck Trump" or "fuck the wall". 
This was a total clusterfuck lol
Build that wall!
Why the fuk is he not wearing pants
The chicano accent burns my ears.
R.I.P X
That guy is fucking weird lmao
Snoop dogg was there
What a bunch of idiots!
Nice job blurring her face, too bad you left the badge completely unblurred. SMH
How do you do it? My head hurts watching these video's.
Only 10 minutes late, new record!
MAGA
I got an ad for CRTV that was a minute of footage from your there are two gender vid
X aint dead
Do white privilege is a myth!
The only tax illegals pay, is sales tax.
This nigga is high
I think we definitely need to crack down on illegal immigration but building a wall just seems silly.
This second guys is such a brainlet
every person who he talks to about these things either 1) discusses their feelings or 2) spins some wild imaginary scenario where everything works out wonderfully because people are like bunnies. It sickens me to hear people say they don't believe in borders. A nation is its borders. These people don't believe in America.
Who wears short shorts?
Do yall also think we should deport people fleeing gang violence?
If they build the wall all those families getting torn apart can stay together. On that side.
IT JUST GOT 10 FEET TALLER!
I got a Crowder Change My Mind ad before this video. I was so confused!!
Oh man I'm so excited to watch this.
GOOD GOD what is NotGayJared wearing?
That was the funniest open ever
Build the wall AND trebuchets to launch people over it.
I hate the public. The public is stupid. - Jack Donaghy (30 Rock)
No more illegals
Do u support the wall!?or is this part of the show? 
Loan sharking... thats the worst... im not mad at ILLEGALS for coming i get it... its nice here... im mad at my Gov for allowing it... and thus creating a black market and crime like loan sharking...
1,000th like
I am not a Trump supporter but I do support anti illegal immigration work just like under Obama. (Idk much about this child seperation thing). I am against the building of the wall however because I have seen the border and it is already strongly secured. A lot of undocumented immigrants arrive legally on visas but they just stay after they are expired. I think the wall would not be too effective and just a wasted taxation on the american wallet.

I hope that makes sense Steven. Also sorry you got asshats yelling driveby insults at you. As always thank you for content.
Deport illegals and low IQ's please....
The left is so superior to us that they won't even come up and talk to Steven face to face. Almost as if they have no way of defending their arguments
The second individual is totally on drugs.
"Build the wall with your ass!" That's not an argument. And it's just a weird thing to say.
LMAO
Maybe I'm confused.....don't worry darling you won't be the last.
Seth Rogan stole my joke.
Poor children being separated from their parents....


Build the wall. Twice as tall!
169th
I got a there are only two genders ad on this video. I love it holy fuck dude
That lady is either confused or....
Sup with Zionism?
this girl with a 2liter flower vase is either mentally challenged or has an IQ of under 80
LEEEROOOY JEEEENKINS!!!!!!
Yeah buddy but the problem is a lot of them dont fucking pay taxes.
They can't have a discussion, so they shout obscenities like the psuedo intellectual sheep that they are!
Being in the New England area, I'd travel the entire distance to the southern border just to place a single brick on that glorious wall, if I could. We need it.
That second speaker was on blow. Believe me.
I agree that illegal immigrants are a HUGE problem, but building a wall will cost too much money and it won't do much to stop considering that it can't stop planes.  I don't think that we should build it because it would only add to our dept and it won't fix much.
The second guy is a fucking idiot lol
This should be easy to do Steven. What ever it would cost to build that wall (which due to geographical reasons would be literally impossible) it would be BY FAR cheaper, easier, and more efficient to do it with a strict border policy (what ever that may be). WHAT EVER it would cost to build that wall, it would be 10x more efficient and cheaper to go with a strong border patrol and policy (I mean boots on the ground, planes, drones, a serious presence)
Maybe the people wouldn't talk to you because you weren't wearing pants... Or they just knew they didn't have a real argument.
Whos Sailing the drugs
Donald Trump is my daddy he won't claim me, please change his mind
The lady who leaned into the microphone to whisper... priceless. Seemed like a genuinely good person though.
If I had the chance to talk to you for ten minutes about this topic I would be able to change your mind. I love the show and I hope you keep doing them. 
China builds a wall: it becomes a well-known historical landmark.
Hadrian builds a wall: he is considered one of the most brilliant Roman emperors.
Trump builds a wall: RACIST!!!!!!
Build The Wall! Love Louder with Crowder
I love that "Ban Idiots Not Guns" shirt. I want one. :D
I bet this happened in China when they wanted to build the Great Wall of China.
Wiggle
 Wiggle
  Wiggle
   Wiggle
    Wiggle
     Wiggle
      Wiggle
       Wiggle
       Wiggle
       Wiggle
       Wiggle
      Wiggle
     Wiggle
    Wiggle
   Wiggle
  Wiggle
   Wiggle
    Wiggle
     Wiggle
      Wiggle
       Wiggle
        Wiggle
         Wiggle
         Wiggle
         Wiggle
        Wiggle
       Wiggle
      Wiggle
     Wiggle
    Wiggle
     Wiggle
      Wiggle
       Wiggle
        Wiggle
         Wiggle
          Wiggle
          Wiggle
         Wiggle
        Wiggle
       Wiggle
      Wiggle
     Wiggle
    Wiggle
   Wiggle
  Wiggle
  Wiggle
   Wiggle
    Wiggle
     Wiggle
      Wiggle
       Wiggle
        Wiggle
        Wiggle
       Wiggle
      Wiggle
     Wiggle
   Wiggle
   Wiggle
     Wiggle
      Wiggle
       Wiggle 
         Wiggle
          Wiggle
 Wiggle
  Wiggle
   Wiggle
    Wiggle
     Wiggle
      Wiggle
       Wiggle
       Wiggle
       Wiggle
       Wiggle
      Wiggle
     Wiggle
    Wiggle
   Wiggle
  Wiggle
   Wiggle
    Wiggle
     Wiggle
      Wiggle
       Wiggle
        Wiggle
         Wiggle
         Wiggle
         Wiggle
        Wiggle
       Wiggle
      Wiggle
     Wiggle
    Wiggle
     Wiggle
      Wiggle
       Wiggle
        Wiggle
         Wiggle
          Wiggle
          Wiggle
         Wiggle
        Wiggle
       Wiggle
      Wiggle
     Wiggle
    Wiggle
   Wiggle
  Wiggle
  Wiggle
   Wiggle
    Wiggle
     Wiggle
      Wiggle
       Wiggle
        Wiggle
        Wiggle
       Wiggle
      Wiggle
     Wiggle
   Wiggle
   Wiggle
     Wiggle
      Wiggle
       Wiggle 
         Wiggle
This American wants the wall a wall would minimize most of our problems
Build the Wall!
Why such a short video
Ive got a challenge for you guys.  Play a devils advocate change your mind.
Man says his family has lived in new Mexico since the 1550s
"maybe I'm confused" lmao. Sweet lady
Notifications working fine.

"they will find some way to get in either way"
How many scrubby Mexicans own helicopters?
Mexico should take THEIR children and put them in foster care - THEY ARE NOT THE AMERICANS responsibility.  Mexico allow foreigners in their country - therefore they are responsible for them NOT THE USA.  I am so sick how Mexico takes advantage of the USA.  The criminal parents are responsible and should get their children and go home.  It cost us $35,000 a year PER CHILD  from Mexico.  Some of the American children live in poverty of less than $24,000.  SEND THEM BACK - stop the excuses and showing the crying children - GET THEM OUT OF OUR COUNTRY!
Go back to campus areas there arent enough crowds in public
Asians aren't real - Change my mind, comment edition
Going to any country is not a 'right', it's a privilege!!!
Build the wall baby  Trump 2020
I've never seen someone with a common weed most people kill in a jar. This woman is backwards in more ways than just her immigration policy.
I'm usually with you Crowder but c'mon people will find a way to get over, under or through the wall. Mexico won't pay for the cost. It'll be on American taxes. What most people already hate. Republicans want the wall built but won't pay or fund it. They want taxes to cover the wall but not taxes that are on them or their businesses. There should be another thought process and initiative to help the immigration issue. I'm Hispanic and I couldn't care less that Trump is the president. I'm worried about the citizens here and our own well being. (Before any ignorant people come here talking; yes, I am a legal U.S. citizen) We should focus on using tax dollars to better the education system, better health care for citizens and amongst other things. Just my thoughts.
Build a wall? America is just setting itself up for chaos..
Omfg this is gonna be good 
I don't like taxes. And do you want to tax murderers?
Build the wall #MAGA
Steven crowder smashed Nicole Arbour, change my mind
Just got here, lets see how fun this is going to be!
The wall just got 12ft higher.
That dummy thinks  border patrol will stop AMERICANS she is stupid... or ILLEGAL... or both... Americans have a pretty easy going passport actually lol... we come we go... nobody gives a shit... lol
CROWDER, WILL YOU PLEASE WARN YOUR AUSTINITE FRIENDS WHEN YOU'RE IN TOWN. I want your autograph. :(
13 fucking minutes you cunt?!
Oh boy this should be good.
No. No no no no. ~ First Interviewee
jarreds fanny pack was dope
Build a box and lock me and Not Gay Jared in it. Please.
Here we go boys!!!
From what I can pick up, the first lady commonly visits her family in Mexico but then sneaks back across the border without going through customs??? And thats why she doesnt want the wall???
If your against building a wall your just stupid
Totally not related but people keep asking me what nugget porn is can someone please tell me
A wall is not immoral. Building a wall is not about closing off the USA to immigration, its about controlling who comes in. A wall is efficient at stoping illegal immigrants. Comparing it to the Berlin Wall is immoral since it takes away from the immense suffering the people of the USSR endured and all plans I have seen for the border wall do not include a minefield.
Im a conservative but I think the wall is a pretty bad idea. Its look cool I guess? 

Im against it mainly because I dont think it would work. The geography of the border is not just a flat desert.
Is she high?! Because any who is for illegal immigration has a problem. An also do you think its fair for immigrants who took the time to put in the work to become US citizens, allowing illegal immigration to me is just a big slap in the face to people who had to do all the paperwork to become citizens.
CNN is playing on your emotions. They are in the USA illegally. They should not be here.
As a Mexican I approve
Get yousef back on.
This happened under Obama too. But you won't see that on CNN. Only attacks against our President. These liberals are mad. But I will vote republicans in November. Also for Trump in 2020. I'm working now and I have a good job. Our economy is booming. Trump is hitting hard on China based on their unfairness because China doesn't compete fairly. Illegal immigration must be stopped at all costs.
Steven should do a Change My Mind: College Series
Build that wall, build that wall
how do I report those people
1692nd viewer

Edit:  #BuildTheWall
How funny the "Do You Support Trump" just played
Illegal immigration is extremely unfair for the people who are going through the proper process ,why do I have to get to pay thousands as fees, fill loads of paper work and wait years. Basically being put on hold while people are just walking in, if the illegals have families the millions who are waiting on the line like me have families too and they don't get to just skip the line because they can
The Border should be run on the honor system.
If you're against a wall, you're against having locks on your doors and having a fence. It's THAT FUCKING SIMPLE
I got so excited. Then I seen that it was only 13 minutes. Fucking YouTube.
WHOOP WHOOP #NotificationSquad
I wish you did this segment in LA 

This city is a cesspool of illegal aliens taking over and spreading anti-American propaganda!
Got an ad
Right now the left and Democrats are pushing the idea that families are being torn apart by border patrol. But what they fail to realize is that the parents attempted to cross the US border knowing damn well that there was a good chance that they would get caught. If anything, the democrats should be angry that the parents of these families were willing to take their kids to commit a crime that could potentially tear their family apart. These people DO NOT have a right to our country.
HOW DO I DEPORT UHH I MEAN REPORT THESE PEOPLE?
X is not dead, Change My Mind.
Ahh geez, this outta be good
So many people fake hate America, won't leave, and yet still want to come to a "racist"/ sexist country.
If you are against the wall, tell me a reason why. Pls I am curious to know how the hell you think its a bad idea.
13 minutes?? Wtf crowder...
The first lady was really respectful. Hope the situation gets solved in her neighborhood.
A wall made of Crowder's ass. Talk about a deterrent.
As a Mexican American I 100% support the wall
Autism
this fat bitch has a 3rd grade education
Rip x
Cant wait until that wall is built.
Trump won't build a wall. Change my mind
Clicks video just to type...

R.I.P X!   
it's becoming the new meme
#YoutubeIsntSendingOutNotificationsToMeButIJustHappenedToCatchThisVideoEarlySquad!!
yea, I don't think you covered her face enough
she might be in trouble because of that last bit  ;/
That lady is all over the place
Oh shit y'all hit 2 million
Xxxtencion was sacrificed, change my mind
We voted for a  wall and all we got was a lousy space force - Dustin Gold. Unbearable Media Baby !
Thank god for a new topic.
BUILD THE WALL DEPORT THEM ALL
Dude...that intro...
bro you did this in austin? i live here!
Is Crowder wearing Crowder Ranger Panties on "Change My Mind"?!
MY BODY IS READY
Notification squad!
Damn I was waiting for this episode
Maybe Im confused
How long u til this get demonetized
Feminism is cancer: Change my mind.

Make it happen!
Mexico Will Pay For It!
Change My Mind.
Build a dome change my mind
Please do build the wall change my mind pt2 love your vids!  
Haven't been this early since people got offended by being here early
To it didnt pop o my feed I searched and it didnt even exist
Always liking a Steven Crowder video during the ad.
Change my mind... Freeze all immigration
I spotted the video 1 minute after it was posted. 65 comments?! I'll be back in 15 minutes to talk with others who have seen the video lol.
I got a Louder with Crowder ad before the video wut? 
Notification squad boiiii
From a legal immigrant to an illegal immigrant:

FOLLOW THE RULES! 
BACK AT IT AGAIN WITH CHANGE MY MIND!
#BuildTheWall
YOU MAD MAN!!! 
Build the wall beep beep
97th comment esketit rip x
The build the wall thing is extremely stupid.
Another episode of people yelling at a civilized man trying to and share his opinion. My FAVORITE
i hate liberals fuck em
There was a crtv ad before this video it featured the most recent two genders change my mind
No Waluigi = No Buy!
It's a damn shame that we have to blur out a citizen's identity for asking a question WE ALL should be asking.
Notification squad!
<3
Yay! notifications worked!
"Build the wall with your ass bitch" some lady.
HAHA 
YES!
Change My Mind: Xs death was objectively deserved.
BUILD IT!!!!
Notification squad, yo Steven I hit that bell. Ayy.
OOOO THIS IS GONNA BE AWESOME XD
Uuuhhhhhh... UHHH!???
13 min...wtf
Awesome video Steven
Yay we need more of these
Dont need to change my mind... BUILD THAT WALL!!!!!
You guys are amazing!!!
If you dont have borders then you dont have a country.
This is so short wtf
Yeas
Build the wall with your ass bitch
The notification popped up! It worked! CELEBRATE!
Sorry Im late  I was busy offending leftists on Reddit.
Been waiting on this one for a while

this is great
2 mill!
I clicked this faster than Caitlyn Jenner double clicks her new mouse.
Did I just get a stevencrowder ad on his own channel? Damn.
#andHopper.
Interview Yusuf again Crowder
Build it HIGH
I don't think we should build a wall. It would be WAY too expensive. We have other things we need to spend our money on. I propose a 20 ft high barbed wire fence, or electric. Or we could flood the Rio Grande???
wow daddy
About to buy mugclub membership
BUILD THE WALLLLLLLLL!!!!!! 
lol got an add for crowder on crowder
Mass deport illegals
7 views and 40 likes?
Cant wait to see this.
tag yourself im the how do you report these people? lady
Change my mind!!
You should do America is the greatest country ever, change my mind
Anal...
I love you mr stevensin
31st            Steven is awesome
Build the wall, deport them all
#SheathIt
I got signed up for mug club for my birthday
YEEEEAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHH
YES!!! FIRST..... Damn nvm
Build the wall, send them back
Wow
This is gonna be good!
Keep out all except Europeans. No one has a right to our lands.
Im the first to dislike
YO I LIVE HERE I WISH I COULDVE BEEN THERE TO SEE YOU!
32nd comment
*democratting intensifies*
Owo whats this
Dang, this didn't come up in my box, and I have the bell on. Good stuff Crowder!
rip x
1th
Holy nut Ive been waiting for this
7 views 43 likes and 11 comment? How does math work?
Noti gang
First
yaaaassss i love these
Come to Seattle!! Please!
Yeet
first
Hi Steven I live in Canada nb
11likes 7 views
Hell yes, I've been waiting for this
Notification squad
Not first and nobody cares
MAGA
I love change my mind
problem here is simple.there are too many ignorant unintelligent primitive thinking people.not only is they immune system under attack that also got their brain's Under Attack by dampening down and as you know the Masters have them under control by giving them poisons physically and mentally
lol the beginning made me laugh my ass off
YEEEEEES
Omg yes
I love u daddy Donald
Second
I love you Crowder
Eigth!

reeeeeeeeeeeee like me :3
Second
Third
Noice
Build it
Lol
3rd
First
Statistics is always better.
First!
Yay
Finally
Not first
lel first
RIP X
Press F to pay respects.
:D
First
