are there any slaves now - yes - the 13th amendment prison system slaves
should be a neon sign on williams forehead that reads I'm a paid off shill drone for the democrap party.
President Trump, as Kanye has graciously demonstrated, is a man of the people. And as the deranged mainstream media has demonstrated, going even more insane trying to deny it. There is one thing the left can't mentally cope with, as Judge Clarence Thomas pointed out, is an upperty black. But more and more critical-thinking blacks are daring to step outside of the Democrat Plantation and vote Republican. The GOP is already blessed with some very smart blacks, like Candace Owens, Kanye, Stacy Dash, Diamond and Silk and lots, lots more. This is driving the leftists crazy.
0:11 who is Kayne? I thought his name was Kanye.
I could never understand why there's so much hypocrisy in the black community when a Black person wants to do things their own way.It's like they're scared of it when that happens..
Lol Trump should invite Taylor swift.
"When you're on tv....in front of a dwindling audience" lol! I feel like you're talking about yourself.
When in the hell is FOX going to dumb that libatard Williams , he is such an idiot !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
There is enough negative press on the other MSM networks , we don't need anymore on FOX !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! GET RID OF JUAN WILLIAMS !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
these two are very much alike..i see how they like each other.. Trump - Kanya forever... two super brains together
Obviously a panicked reaction to Taylor Swifts comments. Conservatives only love you when you agree with them, look at Lebron James.
Juan is a racist of the nth degree and also his hate for Trump has goes even further! If that is possible
When Juan starts to speak, I change the channel. Get a better debate personality!
When 95% of blacks vote the same way, of course theyre gonna say the other five are token. 1/20 is token you moron...get em Ye.
Hi Everyone!! We all have Opinions and thoughts of how things are supposed to run and go along through daily life. After all its all of our daily lifes!! No One is responsible for this financial state our country is in except us the people. We have allowed it to get this way through, thinking O, Someone else will fix it, someone else wont allow others to get greedy and take advantage of us. (meaning us alllllllll!!!!) So Lets all simply take charge of whats wrong and fix it as we go along. Theres Good people in this world, that will help us along with this task, and it shows when something good prevails when were all trying to do the right thing towards others. So each time we do something, think before you do it and ask yourself, How will this effect everyone else before I do it!
trump is like now this is crazy  I'm not one that's insane
trump is like now this is crazy  I'm not one that's insane
Ignorant white folks always talking in circles and got this ignorant fool representing them
Eric for the UN - as janitor
Wow! Gutfield's "like" lists is getting long: Kanye,  Nazis, rapists I can just see him driving in the hood with Don Jr.  And Eric blasting the dope Kanye beats. 
Melania would be spewing she wasn't there to give Kanye a special "tour" and dust of the skills learnt when she was a small town working gal Donald's little mushroom don't even touch the sides but Kanye would have shown her that this "crazy motherfucker" is a real fun guy
While a hurricane was beating down on the nation Trump was at a rally congratulating himself for an economy whose successes are on the same trend lines established under Obama's stewardship, folliwing the mess he inhereted from Bush and the GFC triggered by Trump's banking puppet masters. Just cause it happens while you are in the whitehouse doesn't mean you are 100% responsible, economic indicators lag. Wall Street just took a tumble, is that all Trump's fault?
While Trump is manipulating a self confessed sufferer of mental health issues, many of his people were walking through the carnage of their lives after a hurricane - where was he? Couldn't be bothered to go throw paper towels or make crass boat jokes. And today? Most likely on the golf course, courtesy of the tax payer, or scoffing cheeseburgers and getting in his daily 6 hours of television, or is he back on holiday - AGAIN? Zero work ethic!
Only in the Presence of someone as dopey as Trump can Kanye sound smart. His language has demeaned the Oval Office as much as Trump's presence demeans it.
Shut the hell up Juan , what a small little nasty low life human you have become . This show would be so much better if Juan was not on the show.......
All the factory jobs?  Really..... we got to get back to reality people.
Juan suffers from a low IQ!!!
Who is that idiot on your show???
Whose the red head with the sexy legs?
The brunette is right: even if he's accomplishing nothing else, West is setting an example for people who are afraid to be honestly themselves for fear of the reaction they would receive. The left relies on this fear to make their intimidation work. Resist the Resistance.
Good point; the media is trying to tricky our minds. respect to Kanye West
Kanye.  I will review the possibility that he acted out all of this as a joke, but it is more disturbing  the thought that his brain is at kindergarten. More disturbing is for him to be given airtime to divert the real world problems from us.  Get off the news networks, you embiciles & perverts.
Making false and misleading statements about mr. Wes and his meeting with the president is still considered a crime destroying his character character assassination that's all part of his constitutional rights and you agreed not to do it but you come on national news and do it before the people well I'm pretty sure that this tape can be used in any court of law to charge you with the private him if it's rights guarantee you would not do that to your friends with you you're a news commentator you're expected to report the news and nothing else your personal opinions are no longer necessary if you're reporting the news but since you made him known then I would believe that that is abused of your station and your company says they allow you to go on the air and represent them I would caution you only one time and no more you risk the chance of being arrested by a constitutional law enforcement officer for depriving mr. West is constitutional rights guaranteed report the news do your job and remember we Americans a one nation with one God undivided with liberty and justice for all
Juan is an oxygen thief.
KANYA 
YOU LOOK MUCH BETTER AFTER GETTING AWAY FROM THAT WICKED WITCH IN THE WEST
Stfu gutfeld
please press Juan (Williams) for bullsh*t .. press TRUMP for the truth! 
MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA MAGA
Does anyone know what was Kanye's proposal was about prison reform or Chicago crime problem?
Garfield you're an asshole
Trump supporters have to back up their klanleader no matter what. Mr. West will do what ever it takes to make money which is why he's so depressed.
This is what happens when you put on a Trump Zombie cap!
WHEN KANYE IS PRAISED HE ALWAYS FEELS HUMBLE , BUT WHEN HE IS ABUSED BY THE TWISTED MEDIA ,, WE & HE KNOW HE HAS REACHED THE STARS. THE STARS OF  GENUINE LOVE.
Conservatives cheering for Kanye. 
Did anyone know that Foxconn is also going to grow ginseng in America?
Id love to toss Danas salad
Wow, Liberals, who use political correctness the way the Gestapo used fear, are now calling a black man a "token Negro" because he has left their plantation.  They have become a desperate mob with no real plan.
so Kanye ....... basically what your saying is we have to do our part ? hmm  what a concept.
He's right, the president doesn't look good, and America looks terrible, laughing stock of the world.
The heros journey?  Sounds like something Jordan Peterson would say.  Maybe Kanye is more woke than people think.
Democrat logic if you have  a black  and a white conservative that are friends the white person is a racist and the black person is a race traitor
Juan; is Kanye a "token black"??
I think juan is the one who is racist, even against in his own people. He is truly an idiot and a fool
A clown , mental check please
6:45 this is true. but what he says ight afterwards is not myv opinion. I listened to the whole thing.
Oh shut up HE IS AN ATTENTION WHORE
Ever heard the way LBJ spoke in the oval office? Way worse than Kanye.
Juan is getting to be too much he is a N word a Nobody..

It is becoming too much too hear Juan and his trash.
trade jaun williams to msnbc for a player to be named later..... no one
I dont think that meeting ( kanye and trump) went they way they thought it would.      

I think this about kanye,   he's on a path but he needs to work, learn, and research for about 5 to 7 years, before he gets to understanding what leadership is, or being able to "call shots" or give advice to a country.   He needs to do it every day for atleast 5 years, he needs to block schedule.   I think if your where going to meet with a rapper, 50 cents, is probbly the smartest person ive seen talk, in the genre,   but i cant say i agree with all his tactics,  i think i could flip him, in meeting, a conversation, put him on the happy train for america.  50 cent.     I think kanye, i would have to say, buddy, im going to give you a go cart and a beer,we can talk while your driving it,  thats how i feel about kanye's(west)  idea's , conversations, skills, plans,abilities, know how and intellect.

i think kanye probably a good dude,  celebrity syndrome.    It like how do you learn everything if you have everbody telling your right all the time.  So what happends is, you get in front of america,  and where like dude slow down.   i think go cart engine best sums it up,    Kanye lost me when said "levi's"  and jeans.    I listened when he said Atlanta, Home, and Georgia,  A state in A america.  TGB the way i mean it

( where the plan Kanye?   hows it going to be all American)
First time giving fox news a like...wtf is going on?
Juan is the embodiment of all that is wrong with liberals. He took his hypocritical oath, chugged the kool aid, and installed the corrupt software to become what he is
LET'S START A SERIOUS PETITION TO FIRE JUAN WILLIAMS FROM FOX NEWS AND AFFILIATES AND I WILL BE FIRST TO SIGN IT: RICHIE  BURRIESCI
Whoever that afro guy is .. is seriously ignorant .. from viewing from down under he seems a joke living in a trance ..
I DON'T CARE IF JUAN IS A VETERAN FOX EMPLOYEE HE IS A WOLF NOT A FOX HE IS TOTALLY CNN ... PLEASE FOR THE SAKE OF SANITY ... FIRE JUAN WILLIAMS AND SEND HIM TO CNN WHERE THE OTHER TRUMP HATERS ARE!
Juan Williams talks and I can only shake my head and pity him.  He is such a blatant idiot.  I just feel sorry for this pathetic 'man'.
I Blame Sean hannity.his the one who brought this idiot to Fox news.
Lol...where's Laura telling Kanye to sit down and stick to rapping?
Juan becomes more and more annoying...
Kanye is a nobody,why would they bring a so called celeb into the white house these nonsensical people should just do what they do, though I have no idea what Kanye does, and stay away from matters that they may think they know about but they really have no idea.
He mentioned another Foxconn being built in Chicago.
I finally looked at this stupid boy talking stupid like "slavery was a choice" WTF is wrong with these people
I Love Love Loved it!!!?
Juan Willians nees to go wee wee wee all the way to CNN, because his glass house is getting blown out by Gutfield
How is Juan gonna compare a blow job to the F bomb.... lmao
Kanye they arent laughing with you they are laughing at you.
What they are doing is GASLIGHTING HIM!! I'm proud he had the guts to think for himself without the pressure of media and music deciding for him.
Like NPR did, FIRE PLANTATION JUAN!!!!
Juan is truly the dumbest Moron to EVER speak. Why why why does the Five have this Idiot on there. Liberal logic is Pathetic. So Trump is a black appeaser in order to mask his racism, but if Trump NEVER invited or had black celebrities at the White House then you would say, "See, Trump is a racist because he refuses to talk or communicate with black celebrities". It must be nice to be so High and Mighty to go through life as a Democrat thinking you OWN the black voice. I hope the Red wave is so Big is turns into a Tsunami.
it takes 100x courage to do what Kanye did...versus Juan Williams who gets up in the morning and calls George Soros to find you what his opinion is....WIlliams is just another gutless Grouop-Think Democrat
getten harder to watch this show
Juan WIlliams is HIllary's Negro
Who was Kanye West trying to convince?
Daylight come, and make Juan go home.
Hey folks I don't agree with everything Juan says, however we need views from all people.  We need free thinkers.  Let the American people see the views.  Let them decide at the ballot box.
LOOK WHO REALLY IS CRAZY HAHAHAHA MORONIC IMBECILES.. HAHAHAHAHA MORE BOYCOTTING NEEDED... GET THIS CREEPS OFF THE AIR..OR SO LOW ,THEY WILL DROWN IN THEIR OWN BS...
juan williams = TURD
Get em Jessie!! Lol
I Love it!
The Liberals can criticize Kanya West all day long. But never ever disrespect his mother whom is not here to defend herself.  That was below the belt and I've lost all respect for those black commentators, and celebrities who disagree with him.
The Kanye thing said mf in the Oval office. He is so rediculous.I never want to see him in the WH ever again.Or anywhere ever again.Jim Brown looked pained.
Why do they always interrupt Juan Williams? Kanye is not a black leader. That's the problem. You idiots think entertainers represent the black race. He has never been considered a sane person, let alone a leader.
Why was it edited.
UNFORTUNATELY WE NEED A VOICE FROM THE LEFT....JUAN IS JUST ANGRY ALL THE TIME.
I love to talk to talk to trump but is to busy makeing usa great i respect kanye west for surportin our leader juan hate his own race who surport trump ..lol
JUAN IS JEALOUS THAT IT WASN'T HIM IN THE OVAL OFFICE.
Juan Williams is the only one that makes sense here. This proves that Trump is a racist and a xenophobe and islamophobic.
Talk about drama, emotions, sensation and emotional strategy deployed by the far-left. Insults coming from the far-left diaper section. Children in adult bodies! You poor conservatives having to babysit so many spoiled brats. You must have the patience of a Saint!?
Juan is a nagina
JUAN YOU ARE WORTHLESS TO YOUR OWN PRESIDENT AND TO THIS YOUNG MAN WHO IS STANDING UP FOR YOUR COMMUNITY...SHAME ON YOU...YOU AREN'T GIVING HIM A CHANCE TO HELP!  YOU ARE ARE LOWER THAN LOW!  KANYA IS A SHINING STAR TRYING TO HELP HIS FELLOW MAN!  YOU ARE NOT A PART OF THE "FIVE"!  THEY ARE ALL SUPPORTING HIM...YOU ARD DEGREGATING HIM!  SHAME!
So your gonna say Trump used Jennifer Hudson as a prop too when he helped her after her family was murdered? Seriously the only party bringing up color are the Democrats nobody else!
Juan, don't forget Bill Clinton used the oval office as a motel with Monica Lewinsky and the Democrats and Juan did not say anything!!! Respecting the office...
Kanye's a multi-millionaire he has every right to support our dear leader
Look at all these fake ass new kanye fans simply because your leader has him wrapped around his fingers. The same people who shitted on kanye when he said Bush doesn't like black people. Kanye is ranting so erratically but all yall hear is him complementing your cult leader and suddenly he's a fine guy and an inspiration to all. Is it against your oath as a cult member disagree with anything trump does. I mean if you think this was a complete waste of time, it's okay, trump will not disown you.
Juan is the racist and Obama was TOO
Black people statistically commit more crime all over the world. it's genetic. sorry, but it's true.
One narcissistic lunatic spouting off in front of another...unbelievable, and meanwhile people in Florida are clawing their way out of the rubble.
Hey Greg, you forgot the War in Afghanistan the longest continuous war in US history.
juan is disgusting
There's no business like show business!.....how about we have real government....vote for Liz Warren for President 2020
Kanye says abolish 13th because that's just something in paper what we need is reparation for blacks and he's bringing that up. If Trumpbacts on that then the dem 's racial card will be ended forever and they need to create real change for society instead of using racial division as their trump card.
Ronald Reagan wouldn't even take his coat off in the Oval Office...and we rightfully trashed Bill Clinton for setting his feet up on the desk. 
Now we have a ranting incoherent asshat who says, "Motherfucker," in the Oval Office in-front of the World with impunity...not even a "gasp" from the GOP. I do miss the republican party...
JUAN!!!!!!!
KANYE IS MY HERO - that was an awesome speech - he is amazing.  He may be president some day you never know.
A summit isa meeting of heads of government. This is a president and another pop star.
KICK THAT IDIOT JUAN OUT OF FOX, BUT MAYBE THIS IS VERY GOOD FOR US CONSERVATIVES, SEEN THIS MORON TRYING TO FIT ALL THIS TO HIS AGENDA
Trail blazer like always Kanye
Ok ...another one I cant watch 26 seconds of Juan and I had to swtch off...sorry ...cos I like the Five.... please make it the Four
Trump brings in the black guy to dance for the cameras. Orange daddy needs a little lovin.    
Juan (and others) doesnt seem to get that what we saw wasnt the summit. It was the dog and pony show for the cameras. The actual meeting was lunch and it wasnt televised. Trump knows his critics and he is constantly throwing them bones to gnaw on, which is all he was doing in the Oval Office with Kanye yesterday. Then they gnaw and growl and obsess while simultaneously showing the public their true colors. Meanwhile, Trump is making moves behind the scenes and improving Americas economy and foreign relations. The meat and substance of this meeting was over lunch, make no mistake.
People like Juan is why there will always be division
who says negro? like wtf?
the racist in the group will ALWAYS see race as a motivation for everything that they see or hear
    Kayne KUDDOS _ "racism is a imaginary wall"
Manic episode
I am a Middle Aged white guy
And I love Kayne 
He spoke from his heart 
He just wants people to open their minds and think for themselves 
And as for people saying hes dumb
Hes one of the most influential and successful musicians and artist plus a fashion Icon 
God bless him and his family and God bless America
Juan William's has got the only balls on fox  
lets talk about what mr brown said... :-)
Come on Juan...I like you even if I disagree with you but I  know you're actually better than this and you are just going along with what the rest of the media is saying...I don't really think you actually believe what's coming out of your mouth
this CNN clip has a TOKEN WHITE GUY - who is paid to stay quiet
RACISTS - trying too hard to hide
It shows how fox is not one sided by Juan being on this show not like fake news cnn and others only anti trump
While I get a weird vibe from Kanye, like hes planning on running for office in the future or something, I still like his message which is basically, Come Together People!! Help each other. We all are Americans and should be lifting each other up no matter what color we are. Race shouldnt be the base. Democrats are dividing to conquer.  "Old white men" and "Uncle Tom" shouldnt be the base of an argument or discussion. It serves to divide. You have to see that! Defend and conquer instead. Defend your congressmen and Senators and let them know what you want. They are being trampled and shot at and followed around getting screamed at. If The crazy Left can stick together, why cant we???
But, but, but Obama said manufacturing jobs are gone and not coming back...    MAGA
It is very simply the CNN and These liberal whackjobs have to follow their script or they wont have a paycheck... Don lemons and these psychopaths are lost .
I always skip ahead when Juan is talking...
Was Jim Brown a token negro too. The media is killing themselves
Jim Brown was there and all the media did not say anything. Kanye is crazy well is Jim Brown crazy too. They will not say a word Ha Ha
Well,  I did feel embarrassed and cringed; however,  I come from a different world of honor and respect of the office.  Kayne spoke for himself, and I'm glad for him.  Wow! He was beating his fist on the desk, screaming and cussing.  This was disrespectful.  He did not speak for the North American Black or represent us with class, turth is I cringed.
Hey superman I got a pocket full of kryptonite...dumb-ass , you forgot to take your med"s . Crazy meets dumb... E.T. p/z help us.
NOBODY HAS A MORE FOUL MOUTH THAN J Z !
Kenye is good guy and he did good..what he did was great because his smart and nice guy
OBOZZO HAD HIS TONGUE SO FAR UP J Z 'S ASS!
They NEED JUAN WILLIAMS, as the INSANE CONTRAST to the other panelists' LOGIC, TRUTH and HONESTY.
Kayne west > Modern day Martin LUTHER KING, 

Nickname >moses
Do they pay Juan twice as much as the others to be the target of the two minute hate?
serpent is mocking everyone . trump is puppet  too .ever think why army from afghanistan  never came  back ? what kanye is doing is  creating divide  between white and black  by  suggesting blacks they are actually  stupid  so they  feel low get together and can be mobilized .  if trump was not puppet  why us army  is still in afghanistan ?
Juan's statements are typical of someone on the left or the media determined to see everything from a negative lens and see the worst and look for a negative meaning.  They're sick little puppies.  The party of "inclusivity" can stay in it's little bubble.
Ship Juan off to CNN and let him rot over there.
4:33 Wait but you white people said that the reason young black people did illegal thing was due to the fact that they were lazy criminals that didn't wanna work?  When did that stop being the case?
Jaun is there to play devil's advocate. That's all.
You can't knock Kanye and President Trump for wanting to bring American industry and business to higher standards.
Assault on the white house!!!?How about mike wolff!!!?Go ahead fake news,and call it fire and furry!!Juan is a mike inside FOX!!Juan,you are the ZERO!!!
I didnt know blacks named their sons Juan. Juan is not from the African American community nor know our issues so does not agree with whats best for our children and communities.
"Lets go have so lunch? Why bother, you just ate the democrats."    Hhahahahaha.... amazing.. Love it!
I have to throw in the towell and ban watching The Five. I just can't deal with Juan's never ending hate of all things Trump. It's simply hateful, absuive, and ignorant. I understand that you've got to show "the other side" but I just can't deal with his nonsense. Is he that ignorant off camera? Just wondering.
Jesse is wrong about Jim Brown. He is not the best running back ever. He is the greatest athlete ever. On top of that, this man is a hero in every sense of the word. A champion of civil rights for all races, not just his own. A pure badass who tells it like it is.
Proving liberalism is a mental disorder look at the hypocrisy of the left when Odumba had celebrity rappers at the WH it was cool & progressive now its vulgar. Don't make it too obvious you hate Trump libtards. Yeah right Juan all I ever
hear out of you anymore is white this white that white, white, white
you're the prejudice and racist one not us!
for those of us over 45,  its been a long time since we had a president of this stature.  Thank God for sending him to us.
Kanye West and Trump meeting is a little strange, but I don't think it's crazy. I think Trump would likeblack people on his side. With this meeting, I think, he is trying to draw in more black voters. He is saying thatblack people arehis friends. I don't see anything wrong with that. We need more black people in the Republican party.
The racist, race-baiting Left is imploding. First republicans took away their slaves, and now THIS!!
Why is Juan Williams even on Fox he's such a douchebag cause she's going to spend it in a bad way doesn't see the good in anything cuz it doesn't play to his agenda
Trump is our first human president!
Obama was like a robot ! 
A white robot dressed in light brown skin.
Dems are disgusting. Cant believe I used to be one. MAGA!
it is crazy, and he made no sense at all.
what did he say, really what did he say.
I like the phrasing the abysmal groupthink of the media world.
Juan Williams is one of the biggest reasons I dont watch Fox news anymore.
Been watching fox a about 4 years from here in Ireland.Its the only fair main stream Media in the western world. Only ones who tell it as they 
see it. M,A.G.A.. My man is right about the language that Keyna used. But wrong about everything else..
Great, nice. Who cares? WHEN IS ERIC HOLDER GOING TO ANSWER FOR THE MURDERERS OF A U.S BORDER PATROL AGENT & SEVEN MEXICAN CHILDREN BECAUSE OF HIS OPERATION FAST AND FURIOUS?
Is juan serious??
Juan what is wrong with u..get a job.
The key words were just before the 11 minute mark- hair and makeup. Until America loses its vanity and gets serious about education and the perfect wisdom of The Holy Bible, the culture will continue its current freefall.
Thank God for Kanye representing the community! Articulate and subservient at the same time!  MAGA!
He, He, Smart tarts accumulating $50000 of debt to be radicalised. Radical terrorists get indoctrinated for free. That puts snowflakes on the same intellectual level as Amoeba.
That individual Democratic supporter on this show doesn't have anything nice to say at all.  What a negative person he is!  They don't want to see any progress in your country.
Kanye west is very brave to do what he has done.  Most people in the entertainment industry that aren't liberal keep their mouths shut and pretend to toe the liberal party line for fear of losing their careers.  Good for you Kanye!  You have balls as big as church bells.
i really dont care what celebs have to say about politics, which ever side they are on
Two reality stars mental unstable ego nuts face off. What a hot mess. Smh
juan, you are a prop.
Viva Trump hijos de la tiznada!!!... I am not a fan of this Mr. West, but I applaud him for what he said...he was real...legite....talking it like it is....my sombrero is off for this guy.... laser precise arguments, and all that leftists can criticize is how it was delivered... I say that Juan just looks so pen*/-dejo with his arguments.... Mexico's antiglobalists for President Donald J Trump!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
KANYE WEST... IS A LEADER!!!
Juan you have a free thinker with Kanye. He doesn't need the democrats to think for him. He knows the democrats only chance to get power is by surfing on the black mans back.
Juan is the fair and balanced part of FOX News. Not like an echo chamber on CNN or MSLSD. The sad part is he brings nothing to the conversation that makes any common sense. But isn't that what Democrats are about anyway?
Juan Williams is Correct in one thing he said, He does Not Understand.
Seriously Juan.... alright so if trump decided never to bring a black person into the White House how do you think that will play? Stop making it about race ffs
The timing of this is everything. Trump is genius to have done this, taking the spotlight off SCOTUS and onto a topic he knows the Democrats will attack. Also taking the spotlight off of the MOB Antifa.
I'm surprised you all haven't told him to shut up and rap like you told Lebron to shut up and dribble, I guess because he supports Trump. I wonder what Fox News and the right-wing was saying when rapper Common was invited to the White House for poetry in which he was respectful and did not use any profanity; or when Hillary met with Jay Z.. Oh wait, we have tape! They said it was a bad message for our kids because of their profane lyrics, but they give Kanye a pass for using in the Oval freaking office, they said he was denigrating the White House for reciting respectful poetry, whereas they hail Kanye for rambling on and touting his position that the 13th amendment should be abolished. Just like they called out Barack for saying he would talk to North Korea but then hail Trump for doing it. What a hypocritical bunch of delusional and sycophantic frauds.
Juan is the truth!
'Oval Office should be treated with respect' Juan, remember Obama's White House invitees......Green lips Glozell, Radical Islamic Extremist Egyptian President Mohammed Morse, Muslim Brotherhood radical lobbyist Anas Altikriti , and who can forget the heralded Sir Paul McCartney. Yes, Juan, that adds a little class to the White House.
Love yezzy love tump..
Are u serious train wreck west to embrass everybody wtf dude get off the drugs kanye u moron
Let juan talk last so i can switch to a other channel.
My God Juan is a complete and total moron.
Ugh, I forgot how much of a neocon Dana is. Would still bang.
Lol they think stop and frisk will stop lol.
Juan is the only one that makes sense. Kanye just talking nonsense and using expletive vocabulary.  That is just disrespectful to the White House as an Institution, the Executive Residence of the POTUS.
";-)
The worlds biggest male pop star???????????? I live in Europe and we barely know who he is
Jesus, Juan really is pathetic.
Did we watch the same meeting or.. huh.. that was a trainwreck.. 
Juan hasn't changed a bit, he's still a loud-mouthed idiot that runs on and on and won't shut up.
couple a fuckin mooks....
Im a white conservative republican... not that should even matter. But, can we stop pretending that Kanye is some Messianic, intellectual, voice of our time person? He is not. Just because the left doesnt like Kanye, doesnt mean we need to start utilizing his craziness. Its just a ploy of these mainstream  extreme republicans. Stop giving stupid people the pulpit!
Juan Williams is the democrat  House Negro.
THE MEAN GIRLS! LOL! I LOVE THAT.
Don't worry Kanye, I love Trump too.
I want Juan....... to walk the streets of Chicago without any security.......at night.
Maybe we can get rid of him that way.
Remember them calling Martin Lawrece and dave Chappelle crazy too !!! Lol do they think people actually belive this garbage and they call this reporting lol this isn't reporting lol a panel of people and there negative views nothing more !! Thank God for greg watters tucker laura hannity they tell you things then show you facts lol even jaun must hear himself and think I sound like a right idiot when stevie wonder can see what has gone on over last couple years ! Didn't have much thought for kanye till Snl and yesterday was like the cherry on top
Juan makes me not want to watch this show....he is annoying and if I wanted to hear BS I would tune into CNN...we DONT LIKE HIM....please get rid of him!!! We need to start a petition to get rid of him because we are conservatives and we are watching this to hear conservative viewpoints we don't care what Juan the racist has to say.
Juan your a stupid ass!!!
Trump looking at Kanye was weird.  It was like something interesting looking at something more interestinger.
Theyre having a hard time....hahahha
CNN -  for cunts, nazis, numbnuts
Trump is a stooge for Kanye, everyone is laughing at Trump. Can't vote for Trump after this video
Because Gutfeld can somehow make this weirdness less weird. Bunch of rubber tricycle brigadiers.
Yes, Trump is trying to convince "Racists" that he is not racist. That makes sense.
Wow Fox News I am speechless, but not surprised at all. Imagine if Obama was sitting on the other end and Kanye going off over nothing I could see the reaction on fox news now
 I am still getting sick when Juan Williams opens his mouth! He has always made me sick!!
man I'm laughing at the left,kWest is flipping out them out the only thing they will do is through insults.
The Media is just mad because they didnt understand a word of what he said. I thought he was brilliant, very insightful and well informed. The press core was flummoxed because it was like he was speaking in tongues and they were listening in disbelief and confusion. God Bless Canada and the USA!
Once I realized Juan Williams was on the show, I knew he was going to utter something stupid, as he always does.
China didn't steak our factory jobs, the Nixon administration under Kissinger gave them away and our deceitful greedy congress enabled the sell out.
Kayne West for UN Ambassasdor...
left going nuts, hahaha.
What did thy say, ""Token N****o" Oh they said, "Negro" Shameful!
TRUMP GLOBAL JOKE
JUAN GODMAN
GUTFELD OBVIOUS CLOSET HOMOSEXUAL
TRUMP LOVES HIS TOKENS
I stopped watching the video as soon as Juan Williams started speaking. If I want his messages, I'll force myself to watch CNN.
Not even Gutfelds wife listens to him.
2:58   Isn't that Negro woman culturally misappropriating the white culture with her blue contact lens and attempt at blond hair?   Talk about an attention whore.
Juan doesn't know if he's Spanish or black.
Say's the Token Black....
Juan Williams save it for CNN.
Everyone in here are proving what conservatives really are. Its not racists, its snowflakes.
I dont like the black guy on this show. I dont know his name, but he needs to be fired!!! But I guess they need a token prop Democrat on the show!
Every time that I think that Leftist aren't that bad, Juan brings me back down to reality.
Please go home Juan...
But kneeling for the National Anthem is gonna change the world!
Someone should build a Juan dart board, make it in the USA  and I will buy one 
ARE YOU KIDDING JUAN WILLIAMS????!!!!Kanye is actually trying to be a positive influence on the young black men who aren't interested in politics.
Nice job Kanye keep it real.
Juan, the White House belongs to us the American people. That means all Americans. Maybe if you where not so hateful you might be invited. God bless you.
Kanje is a 3 year old child. He has no understanding what he is talking about..
Maria
Why do we need Juan's left leaning crap when every other station pushes his talking points?
Kanye is a true American.

Watch the fake news networks pump out their anti U.S. propaganda in a frenzy in response (CNN, NBC, BBC, CBS, and almost every newspaper in the U.S.).
The five Sucks
This meeting was beyond embarrassing for our country, Kanye somehow was able to make Trump look sane in comparison for once.
Juan is always negative when it's anything to do with Trump. He's just another brain dead liberal.
I disliked adding commentary to this video. it was dirty, cheap and it made me feel like I was watching CNN. instead of adding clips, why not make videos of people criticizing Kanye West, something that doesn't have an agenda.
President Donald trump needs to go to jail with bill Cosby 
Juan Williams is a ghetto ignorant negative negro with no brain. Shut the hell up bastard. Gutfeld please get that idiot Juan off your show or I wont watch your show again.
If we'd have wanted the same-old-same-old, we'd have elected Hillary! This is real stuff!
President Donald trump and Kanye west ate some McDonald's and subway for lunch 
I love how the media has a bewildered look on their face.
We are not in a period of economic prosperity.
Kanye sees Trump as a father figure.  How sweet. Kaepernick probably cant drive down the street without being harassed. Theyd love to throw him in jail for anything.  So hateful Trumpers can see him in handcuffs.
"Treat the Oval office with respect..." after we know what horror f___kery Obama and his minions did there...with children.  Juan Williams is a card carrying communist. Get rid of this shill.
Why is Juan Williams on this panel?
Democrats are unbelievable!
Kayne is obviously an idiot
Trump said he was open to other ideas besides stop and frisk.
Although I think is all, West need to take his meds
Why I hate the 5 is Juan's Racist lying comments. He just called all Whites that back Trump Racist wow.
Two thumbs up for Juan williams for not being there because of being a Trump hater. He is a Obama lover two of the worst people in the world
Kanye for late night TV!!! Please get rid of the late night talk show hosts/ negative haters,  Heeeeere's Kanye!!!  (Applause)
So Gutfield, why not have Kanye on your show?  Better than Juan the negative negative negative,  better by far!  Look at him go!  Love it.  And yes Trump is on his hero's journey now, love it!
Oh waaaaaan
Trump is the man
I love Kanye
Juan,other side of the wall
If you ever hear a leftist call a black man an Uncle Tom, ask them when they read the book. Chances are, they won't know anything about the book you mention, much less ever read it. If they say yes, they probably need to read it again only with a version which includes notes to explain everything in simpler terms, in the margins. Maybe Readers Digest has a simplified, condensed version for dummies.
LOOKS LIKE CNN AND DHITHEAD DON LEMON HAVE NO RESPECT FOR ANYONE WHO SIDES WITH TRUMP
Juan Williams is fox news token negro.....
Fire Juan Williams. All who are hit thumbs up.
juan is out of place in this panel. all he does is be negative towards everything. if others say white, he says black. what a cr***.
How is it that Juan Williams still has a job at fox? He would be a better fit at CNN. What a racist fool he has proven to be.
Juan be gone already.
Gutfeld looks like he is possessed by the Devil. Looks at those burning eyes!
The left hates "token negroes" who can't be controlled!
13th Amendment didn't end slavery.
Only the black man hated on another successful black man . Smh he has the same mentalitly as a street thug
Why even bother showing flakey clips from MSNBC and CNN? Nobody watches those crap channels. Even liberals I know have moved to Fox.
What good is this when the people Trump hopes to reach, look at the people he has chosen to present are koons or clowns. Kanye and Jim Brown are not good reprsentatives.  You all should listen to the African American male on your panel.
Reasonable Blacks will soon realize that the Dems will throw them under the bus for a bunch of illegals at first stop.
Kanye has something that Juan doesnt have! Cojones
Juan is your typical ignorant RACIST liberal!!  As long as the black man stays on the plantation, he's A-OK with the liberals!!
Trump is humble enough to allow passionate people with opposing opinions into his sphere, in plain view of the whole world, unprecedented by past presidents? Although the language isn't becoming, and I find it unnecessary, I don't see how it's so inappropriate because of the Oval Office. The Oval Office has been denigrated by past scumbag behavior and the filthiest talk anyone can imagine. It's not in and of itself a holy sanctum where no one has ever cussed or acted in disgusting manners. I've heard much worse recordings by Lyndon Johnson, Nixon, so many historical accounts of filthy language and unmentionable infidelities occurred in that room. Kanye probably took it up a few notches compared to Clinton's, Obamas. 

It's supposed to be a government of, for, by the people, last I knew, and though I may disagree or not listen to Kanye's music, nor care about football, Jim Brown, Kanye, other Americans have the same right to express their views, visit the WH as long as they are  respectful to our commander in chief, respectful of the property, not there to harm anyone. 

The socialist/globalist corporately manipulated lying propagandizing press however, is so out of hand, they are the biggest offensive guests being given that privilege. I find it very offensive and damaging to our country, our President and the office in general, when I have to watch the horrible behavior and language, non-stop nasty vitriolic and angry unprofessional leftists attacking our POTUS, his supporters and by extension, our Constitution, the Office, Country, every single day. The lack of civility and intelligent, sane discourse, by the media is incredible! I think there should be greater accountability and standards for those who work there, are daily guests like the press corps, and they should be talking about how crazy they all act, work on themselves before criticizing Trump or Kanye, Sarah Sanders, or anyone else.
Juan cabeza de pan why is this guy in this show Para el carajo.
Juan represents only the intellectually dwarfed blacks. He NEVER makes sense.
President Donald Trump loves this country and he will make America great again.
F off Juan and you can talking points, use to have respect for ya , but I'm done with ya, too bad ...if it wasn't for your idiotic words I'd like ya, but you've gone far left...racebaiter,,, shame on you
Kanye you are the man all these jerks are full of caca 
really??? kenye??? are you not having any hidden agenda with your mother in law who is only for fame and money.. You wanted to run for next presidential race. come on ppl. dont praise this guy. look at his attitude, Trump is not comfortable with his approach calling president this guy, any one who is agree with me, look at the attitude of kenye, surely he is upto something, kenye sold his soul he can never be on right track,
Kanye speaking from the heart
If you were to ask something from Obama he would close his door on you, Donald Trump has his doors open for anyone.
Get rid of Juan.... He is a very bad example for the Black Americans of this country. I would like an intelligent Left Wing opinion, but that is asking for the Moon to turn to cheese.
"Stop and frisk" is unconstitutional. Invasion of privacy. If you put your hands on me, you better have a legitimate reason to do it. Where is the due process here?
As always......shut up Juan 
I have enough of the satanic kardasians. 
The panel is right. Juan is ridiculous. The left thinks If Kanye asked to go and was refused Trump would be racist. And now he had this meeting and Trump is just using him as a prop. Trump is a genius at using the media. Look at the ratings of The Apprentice when it was on the air. Reality TV sells. Kanye at the White House. Hell Ya
Breaking News: Next, Kanye West will go to Charlottesville to discuss the state of the nation with white supremacists.
Yet again, Juan flew over the cuckoo's nest. 
What a meaningless, RACIST bore he is.
Wasn't Trump loved by the Left in the 80s & 90s? Oh yeah, back then he was a Democrat. Got it....
Please, replace Juan omg unbearable
I thought conservatives hated it when celebrities get political and speak their minds? What changed?
And then Jaun starts talking....
Seriously, is there anyone who watches The Five who doesn't know what he's going to say before he even says it?
KANYE 2020!!!! KANYE 2020!!!!
Thank you Kanye West! You are awesome ! 
Juan is such a tool.
Kanye ranted about bullshit topics and failed to ever make a good point.
Like it or not, it's getting press!
Seriously Fox news you guys crucified Kenya when he said George Bush doesn't care about black people now that he's setting black people back to the seventies with his Dynomite shucking and jiving in the oval office he's a patriot....
We need Juan on this panel to remind us of the dumb liberal argument
Trump is like a super hero for us deplorables.
I love my party and all that but Kanye West is kind of crazy.  He's been crazy af for almost 20 years.  Don't get it twisted, still didn't like him when he bashed George Bush.  Same as all the other Hollywood elitists, stay out of politics Kanye.
I love it the only way MSMBC and CNN can get any body to watch them is when Fox News airs their clips if that's not irony I don't know what is
lol brain dead maggots at foxnews
Juan is a prop
I really wish they would get rid of Juan. What's the problem they can't find a liberal anywhere with some sense. I can't watch the 5 anymore because of Juan
He's a negro when they want to insult him.  But an African American if he tows the slavocrat line.
Anymore I just skip over Juan's comments because all he does is repeat the same old left wing lies.
I stopped watching the FIVE because of Juan.
Do not end stop and frisk. This is what has happened in Toronto and shootings have skyrocketed.
How dumb is Juan Williams? He thinks that any black person that supports President Trump, don't support him by their own volition, because they've been duped and controlled by Trump. Get real Juan! I'm black and I support Trump because he's a great President and he's making America great again!
Trump is on his hero journey!!!
Juan is an asshole. His values support the left every time. When they purge the left perhaps he will be gone.

Who is the black hyaena that is stuck on repeat here!?

The hypocrisy of his words is beyond a joke, I mean look at him. He has tried so hard to make himself look like a white persona with his chemically straightened hair! Trying so hard to be one whilst complaining about them!?

Unbelievable!!
Juan Williams is obviously pissed we have a white man for president.
Juan is more racist than CNN!!!
The most despicable part of all this, is that BLACK folks are still falling for the  in the tailpipe, that of  FEELING,  "OTHERED". The real racists/ALT LEFT/democrat party have been paid and voted in by BLACK folks to DECIMATE BLACK FOLKS!!! WAKE UP! We are Americans and other Black folks are paid overseers/gaurding the gate to keep BLACK folks on the plantation!
30 years ago these token blacks used by the left were literally sucking trumps ego off. LOL
Juan Willians is the turd in the punch bowl.
Juan should just shut the hell up
Juan Is another dumb Democrats
Love Kanye or rethink life.
Juan is right, and Kanye is still a jackass.
Did she call him attention whore?..
Trump is not state law.  He is federal there for it would be all state law.
Kanye west is just  telling the truth  he not a dumb negro  the hell with CNN
Why not do away with the 13th amendment? How was it ratified? Was it passed constitutionally?
All Democrats are  racist get rid of CNN and SNL
Kanye is just trying to stay relevant. I'm glad he's red, but he's doing this for attention IMO. He babbles and barely knows what he's talking about. It's just a matter of time before he steps on his tail and says something stupid.
White backers Juan Williams?  Shove it.
Kanye on a mission to burn down the Democrat Plantation. Yeezy!
Kanye walked into the Oval Office a free man and walked out a slaves.
Juan's a tool
This is crazy, that the panel is actually trying to make sense of this. Juan is the only one making some type of sense!
Go back in history and research the most influential creative artistic minds the world has ever been blessed with and you'll notice a pattern. Most artistic, creative and analytical people act crazy. They are not followers, they challenge authority and society norms. They don't care what others think. They don't wear what others wear or drive what others drive. 

They quite often say EXACTLY what's on their mind and get made fun of for it! I don't admire Cult Like Order Followers. The guys that escaped alcatraz, an inescapable place, were creative minds. I bet you all the people they borrowed spoons from wished they would have listened when told, they could literally dig their way out of that place.

Trash Talking Gossipers -  "Hey man that dude seriously thinks that if we give him all our spoons he is gonna dig us a tunnel out of this place." "That dude is stupid!!" "Haha"

Guy with creative brain who escaped prison - "Should we send our old pod mates a postcard or some plastic spoons?" "Hhahahahahhahaha"

Both Kanye and Trump don't give a crap. The people talking so much sheet aren't on their level. They are small minded folks that are just desperate to fit in....
Everyone calling it courage. This guy said Kanye is willing to sacrifice his "cool credentials" you folks never been in the music industry when an album is about to drop...I see what Kanye is trying to do. Does 45 really care though? November is an important month for both Kanye and 45..You ppl are much smarter than this
Juan ruins the show.  So full of BS.
You're so racist Williams.
Making fun of this guy is not funny, but condoning his behavior is just as bad. Everyone absolutely knows this guy has mental issues, & it was displayed right in front of you!
Being criticized by the white liberal  inhabitants of the MSNBC shyt bin is not an insult for any Black man.
Jedediah looking amazing!
Trump has always made all of his consumer products in foreign countries.
Get that negro racist idiot out of your studio...
I like Greg Gutless, show him a right wing ass, and he will kiss it.
MSNBC, CBS, ABC, CNN  etc etc  Stay tuned for Moron Media !
"Bonkers" and "Crazy" yet they don't talk about the actual points he brings up.
I forgot what show juan was on, it was a talk radio. but he was asked if trump invited him to the white house would he accept, guess what his response was?
Trump is like "why did I agree to this....he really is an idiot please take that hat off your damaging my brand where's the recite for this brown nose.....what! We can't return him.....there's a no return POLICY?  blacks don't want him back, you mean we're stuck with him?....well maybe we can have him wash the windows of the white house and make me some cool hydrogen powered paper planes.....yeah!
Of course this dude is black
What about this real left joke.  Send an email out to a specific few before days or weeks  before going on SNL and pull a left wing statement bashing the new improved T-Party.  Watch it get air then bust out email that was sent out days to weeks ago to show the real snakes.  
West is saying what needs to be said.  He has good statments that make sense if YOU ONLY HAD A BRAIN you left wing winners, LOL.
I would like to know why they keep knocking Gregs shows off you tube??  WHF!!  
Juan may not be as stupid as he seems. Could be a shill to demonstrate how brain-dead the left-wing is.
MSNBC and CNN has become our modern day Hanoi-Hannah Tokyo-Rose propaganda nightmare.
This black guy on your panel is a typical plantation supervisor. He reminds of the character portrayed by Samuel L Jackson in Mango unchained.
Its sad when Stupid doesnt know its stupid when it rambles on and on, but its really stupid when Fox news sees stupid and calls it genius.
Sorry to say but Kanye does seem a little unhinged. I think he just has so many thoughts and doesnt know how to express them sometimes, so he comes off a little loud, over the top cuckoo. But with that said I agree with jedadiah that at the very least he is brave and inspiring because he is going against the grain of Hollywood.
@ 6:58 , Juan another statement proving he needs to go, It was BAD ENOUGH when he compared Diamond and Silk to a menstrual SHOW, and being RACIST against white people, and age discrimination, Juan is Displaying His Black Supremacy ! It was not a big enough CLUE for Juan when NPR threw him under their Uppity Bus, that ,,,that mentality that Juan has is VILE ! And we will not Tolerate it. As long as he is on Fox shows I will not Watch, oh and Geraldo is a close second, with his split personality on being on Trump and We The Peoples side. As YESHUA Said I would rather you be cold or hot, the luke warm he despises the most !  Hey Mr. Mustache go find Hoffa ! as we MAGA MMMKAY !
I love Trump, but Kanye is insane.
Boycott Juan Williams...Can't stand Him and Also Don LEMON...These 2  Morons have their Heads up their Donkey ***... Red White and you Americans ...Vote red to turn these Donkeys RED....
Just in case no one has figured out how it works yet, China did not "steal" factory jobs from the US. The American owners and CEOs of those companies CHOSE to relocate their factories to China and other countries. And those people are still making tens of millions of dollars in bonuses each year for those decisions. We should be putting the blame on the **companies**, not the countries that companies are deciding to move to.
GET RID OFF JUAN, Fox.
I know that Juan Williams is a 'Work'; a paid 'heel' on Fox's payroll. But he still deserves his oxygen being cut off for over six minutes for saying things so stupid.
Jobs are leaving the United States because of Donald Trump
Juan Williams, you are a shuckin' jivin' racist asswipe.
I think Juan is mentally ill
This is the first time I saw and heard a lunatic rambling on mindlessly and it wasn't the president.
IMHO, if Pres. Obama had Kanye to the Oval office, Juan Williams would say that's ok.
Mr West's stock has went up in my world.
Why in the world is Juan Williams on the five he is the most negative person that I've seen on this show I like when he's gone and you have guests he should move to CNN he will fit right in there with their negativity God Bless America God bless President Donald Trump Red Wave the Democrats are done vote them out
The best way to make one person sound less crazy is to bring a crazier person into the room. The only way to normalize Trump and Kanye would to bring in Dennis Rodman into the room. Kanye needs to get back on his meds because he sounds mentally ill....oh wait he's bipolar so that explains his 15 minute rant about nonsense.....
CNN supposed to be the politically correct yet they call him the token Negro. WOW! True colors. Because he was a man who talked about baseball with a father and not a transgender woman father.
So, Williams shows his racist side. Figures.
Trump has to be the "freshest, the flyest". I'm lovin' it........
Treat the Oval office with respect Juan really??? lol this guy is unbelievable
Kanye a nutty guy but has the guts to defy the leftist scum Dem commie party. Most black celebs like Beyonce Snoop Lebron etc still must bow down the Dem Plantation! Suckers! Viva la TRUMP REVOLUTION!
Kanya says a curse word and Bill Clinton has blow jobs really  And Kanya is bad Jaun shut the hell up 
The magical asshat.
All i watch is Tucker on Fox
I was sitting here thinking after all the productive talk, how in the world will Juan twist this? Oooo, boy! Someone ought to give him a trophy on twisting because he did it yet again. He has become like a pimple, you just want to squeeze it even though you know you shouldnt. Geeesh! Juan, think for yourself for a change like Kanye.
Juan proves he is a fool every time he opens his mouth.
Lol, I'm a trump supporter,  but even I have to admit that kanye is far out there lol, appreciate his support though
Thank you Kanye, very cool.
Jaun is trash. His talking points are getting old. I hate listening to his diatribe.
@7:51 Juan almost said that Trump was responsible for Charlottesville. What a disgusting and delusional claim.
Way to stand up Kanye 
Love that hat
Any USA competitor , opponent ,'enemy' couldn't wish the USA a better main stream media
Democrats are salty as all hell  so amusing to watch them try to eat their own.
Why doesn't anyone mention Dennis Rodman who Obama just blew off but Trump welcome him too whatever they're never going to give any credit where credit is due
Kanye, can we offer you some coffee?  Oh, no he's already had his.
The black guy on this programme is a backward person,, this why most black are looking for handout,,  West said it straight, blacks should stop letting old blacks thinking for them .
Hillary laughed about incarcerating African-Americans.  Now, Kanye is working for prison reform to help and he is destroyed by the left-wing media.  They think we don't see it.  We see it.
God help minorities who dare think differently from Democrat agitprop.
History will one day show there's a paradigm shift taking place, and the left got left behind.
Kanya is not the only Black guy Trumps talks to LMAO.... Wow That guys funny..
Just as I thought that black guys got to put his comments in and turn it all around again. Some of these m********** ain't going to be happy until you just give them the whole world.
Look only at President Trump's expression during this video. Notice his  facial expressions as he indulges Kanye West's rant. They range from "I'm indulging this idiot for thirty seconds more, then I'll have the Secret Service heave him into the Rose Garden"....to "Just how drunk was Kim when she said "I Do" to this motor mouth?"....to  "I wonder if Kanye mixes crystal-meth into his Starbuck's?"  to "I wish Melania had taken me with her on her trip to Africa"  to "Pence should be the one having to listen to this idiot's drivel"......
Seeing trump supporters forced to act like kanye is a genius is easily my favorite part of trumps presidency  kim/kanye for president. I called it! The reality TV show party
FOX, for crying out loud if you want people to watch this stuff get rid of Juan. He doesn't believe what he says and makes your network look like liars. Not much better than CNN if you ask me.
7 year old that made that dumb baseball cap somewhere in China also never gets to see his or her dad!
Dana Perino 
So sad that THIS black guy is at the White House. WHAAAAAAT  HE SAY?  He barely makes sense. But Ok.  David J Harris Jr. Better pick.  Thomas Sowell.  Ok he will speak to others that can understand him.
wtf
Juan, give me a break!
(The One and Only) Thing I have to say about what Kanya West said about Trump is.   Treating Trump like a King with glamorising him. I really Don't think Trump Wants That.. Yes he is on a Path for Greatness of America and he is to be Appreciated for it. But we don't Idolise for that is one of the Sin's. Trump Is Doing What's Right For America. and the World. I believe in his own way Appreciation and Respect is All he want's. He also Just Donated his earnings from Presidency to a WWE fund, I think that if Wonderful..
Juan has battered wife syndrome. He cant leave the plantation.
I love Kanye West. He knows what President Trump doing
couldnt even spell his name. If Kanye was just a rapper , fox would hate him. Hes just a useful idiot to the administration
Read Kanye West"s Wikipedia page, and learn about his on-again-off-again issues with mental health, bipolar disorder, manic-depression, impulse control and continuing suicidal thoughts.  West did to President Trump what he  did to Taylor Swift at the 2009 Grammy Awards, by jumping on stage, stealing the spotlight, and the moment as he rambled on and on like a juvenile teenager. He is a coarse, ignorant, vulgar, backward, stupid fool who has serious mental health issues that manifest through his compulsive, endless talking.
I really detest Juan now.  I quit watching The View because of he is a racist/race baiter towards whites. His race baiting,   deliberate density,  is  boring and insulting.  Attention FOX Human resources:  There's NOTHING, NOTHING "provocative" about the race baiting Juan.
Juan is such a hater. He would not pour water on a Rep in flames and he would pour gas on Pres Trump. The hatred of the left is destroying them just as hate always does. Juans voice is in continual yell mode and his expression is a constant scowl. It is a good thing he and Greg are separated at opposite ends of the table. Greg is easy going and the comic relief of the show, but sometimes I feel like Greg is fed up and about to launch himself at Juans lying throat. Get another Dem with some balance. Juan has lost it.
So now Republicans like black thug rappers. 
 (Not in Texas with my redneck friends...)
  But I'm sure Kanye is 10 times the man/woman you guys are who didn't get an invite to hug the president. 

 When the KKK supports a black man because Donald tells you to????
 Probably a good thing. 
Keep it up supremacists..
You also support Jewish rule with Donald's step son... Jared 
So now you have blacks and Jews in your meetings....
It is a new age. 
And you still don't think you are hypocrites. , )
Ugh, why can't they replace Juan with a sane democrat? Oh right....there are no sane democrats. Heh
This is ther reason why I hate kanye so much 
Juan Williams is the Al Sharpton of 'The Five'. The guy lives in an alternate reality, you would think being around common sense media he would grow and be able to expound his views better. Every time I hear him open his mouth it feels like your watching CNN/MSNBC, no objectivity whatsoever.
The libtards are bouncing off their walls!!!
I love it!!!!.....MAGA!!!!
What is the matter with FOX ? DAMMIT GET RID OF JUAN WILLIAMS .He sounds like brain dead chris mattews!!
Juan is the token Democrat.
So funny how the Left spins something Positive as Negative- wow. So blatant.
Assault on our Whitehouse?? 
Wtf such a shame the one is the president of AMERICA and the other one is a mental bracked trash talker... hahahhaha such a bless that we live in europe 
Trump 2020  
I've had it!!  No longer watching the five with that hateful POS Juan! He is despicable!
lets see how well Juan Williams does with his own youtube channel ?
Greg Gutfeld... AKA the kid that got stuffed into garbage cans during high school.
When is Juan going to CNN?
Never invite a delusional idiot to comment a a mostly comedic show.  Those guys should remain where they should be,  being destroyed by people like Shapiro. He is a prop?  That's a baseless assumption,  Kanye West is an extremely influential figure in the Black Community,  White Liberals,  aka idiots is not going to care what Trump does because they don't think. The meeting with Kanye is to reach out for the black community,  moron.
That's  Why we love Trump he will let you talk and he will listen to all   Let those nut jobs  at CNN call him what they like   Trump didn't  do pot at the Whitehouse like  you know who did
Juan is a POS
Stop and Frisk stops crime in the inner cities
JUAN Is  just like all those deplorable Demonkrats . He has nothing to offer that's positive his " Look at me I'm Black speaking like an Angel " stance fools no one !! Get rid of him please !
He is illiterate , ignorant, hate munger , he encourages violence and blasphemy.
Drop him now, for the shows sake !!!!
What about Bill Clinton? What about? What about? What about? Uuuggggg!
The Five is a worthless program when Juan is on panel.  We true Americans hear enough negative on President Trump as well as America bashing from the deranged Left so we do not want to see or hear anything from Leftist Juan Williams.
ZERO Juan? WHAT ABOUT THE LOWEST UNEMPLOYMENT RATE IN YEARS?
Juan uses examples like, Trump calling Omarosa hey "dog" for writing a hit piece on him and Trump referring to some countries "s-hole countries" as examples of racism. Sorry Juan, but Omarosa is a traitorous dog and s-hole countries do exist. The truth is not racism.
Juan is just a hater
So Dr. Ford remembers drinking one beer and nothing else . Does she remember if it was Cory Booker was near her beer before groped her ?  Cory Booker is an admitted rapist and needs to resign from public office .
Whenever Juan Williams open his mouth, you can be sure of something ugly is coming.
He seems to be a true representative for the disgusting Left-
Please take Williams off this program, he is a disgusting lib and dosnt help fox at all
Juan saying Kanye is a "prop" is disgusting.   Democrats are the most racist people there are.  They use the "race" card to try and confuse everyone into believing that they care for minorities.  They are only interested in absolute power. They reek of hunger for it.
Kanye is not helping.....
Fire juan or consider me gone.
One of the most talented artists of all time? Jesse, are you stupid?
Every time Juan opens his mouth the mute should automatically activate. This fool is a complete moron.
I'll always be a skeptic.
I love watch Kanye in the oval office, it was great mid week comedy and helped me ease the gaps between SNLs.
Juan Williams must be giving something special to Fox's Harvey Weinstein.
Juan STFU you ignorant race baiting POS
Get rid of juan, he ruins the show
He thinks for himself, albeit unbridled. The left can't stand true free thinkers, only people tied down to their socialist ideals. They're sick because they tell liberal supporters that they are enlightened, but they are really living in a cave.
Juan, no, the answer is no...
Juan Williams is a soulless mouth piece for the plantation (democrat party).
Kanye has more ideas in a nano second than all the negative pundits combined.  Gutfeld's commentary is always spot on and thought provoking.  Cant stand Juans thought process.  I stopped watching the five because if the one.
I turn off Wan willwams da wanker...... Gutfeld is much more fun to watch that way.
Its Kanye versus Taylor Swift part 2 lol
juan  racist out crys  are good , peep  need to  know who these people are .shutting up the insane , hides the outrages and the views . good  for fox for not firing him . this is free speech . Kav attacks on him in he senate showed the real face of the dems , in a free nation  the debate lets people think and pick . the rants and there out  comes is the base of our voting .
really Juan......Steve got crucified for going to Trump tower.  You are such a moron. I can't stand listening to you. UGHHHHH
C'mon some of that was pretty wacky. I just watched the whole thing without any preceding narrative and was baffled by huge chunks of it. He went off on some mad tangents. Sure there's a business mind and a patriot in the midst of all that, but he constantly flew into nonsense abstractions. I don't think it's a far stretch to suggest Kanye has a mental disorder.
Is that how Juan really thinks every time he is negative what does he like ? I need to know what he would do if he has better ideas than Kanye why does he not float them at least these men are trying to solve the problem makes me hopeful for people there to have a better life .
Get that idiot Williams off the show, he's unlistenable.
WOW!!!! all you "PUPPETS see is another, how may help the low life trump out in some way..REALLY.....It's for sure most Americans think he is lost and a "LIE" Factory....East cost Americans need support for our president.....while trump and popway suck each other and the words!...REALLY!!!.........."PUPPETS".....
Kanye's wife got Trump's attention to get a 60 year old black one-time drug offender a pardon. Yes Juan, there is substance to these meetings. Quit throwing the race card, it's getting old.
Juan is a genuine idiot
Stfu Juan!
West, Kaepernick, and Trump together in the Oval = Instant Classic!
Please replace Juan Williams. He is not a centrist. Find a centrist that can have a conversation and respect the topics discussed.
What the Dem commentators don't get is that Kanye sees himself as an individual rather than as part of a voiceless group or voting block. Their corporate identity doesn't allow for individuality. People are defined by the group they fall in. The Republican-Democrat divide comes down to individuality versus group identity.
I really hope Kanye goes on the road with our president
I can't even take listening to that Williams he's such a s*** brain
The left just hates that they lost
So Juan thinks a blowjob is the same as saying the f word. Can somebody pay a dude to blow him so he knows the difference
I just want Greg to call Juan negative Nancy, just once.
The liberal media is absolutely disgusting. I cant believe we share the same air to breathe. Makes me feel like vomiting.
I love watching The Five because Juan is there with his insightful rhetoric. I certainly don't agree with him most of the time but He is still my favorite.  Makes me wish I was Latino.
Juan: Sh&t hole countries is a statement of the condition of the place, not the color, A hole. There are sh$t hole countries. And you guys want to turn this country into one.  

Now, let's talk about OBAMA, Celebrities, and NOTHING GETTING DONE FOR THE GOOD. Shall we? How about the Muslim Brotherhood coming to the Oval Office over 80 times. huh? What, Juan?
Juan is so stupid. Why is he even on the show?!
Oh there is Juan Williams...turn off nothing to see or hear here.
All a BIG SMOKE SCREEN.  AS THIS TAJES PLACE THE LAST 3 WEEKS HAVE BEEN MILITARY PLACEMEMT GETTING READY WITH 16 COUNTRIES IN THE OCEAN AND ON LAND. BUT THIS IS ALL A PART OF THE PLANE SO NORMAL PEOPLE CAN'T PREPARE OF KNOW THE TRUTH TO THIS FALAE FLAG
Juan Williams is a certified idiot
Well said Kanya! Building a bridge and making a way for peace, what a positive start for the people. Anyone that goes against what he says, just doesn't want peace and unity.
I wish he didnt say he loves Hillary. Other than that this guy was spot on! That many solutions but he sure did shed light of the fact America was being sold out!
Get rid of Juan. I stopped watching 'The Five' because of Juan.
LOWEST BLACK UNEMPLOYMENT IN HISTORY......thank you President Trump.
Still can't stomach Juan.  Goodbye.
How disgusting! A black man and a white man sitting down together, having, what looks like, some kind of degrading Pow Wow! What's next, will Trump invite a drunk Irishman, a violent and LOUD Italian,  and a thieving Mexican to the White House? What's this world coming to? How DARE the President try to make NICE with another race or ethnicity!! The media has a right and a responsibility to express their, utter disdain! By the way, 'Vote TRUMP in 2020 for the sake of ALL Americans, be they black, white, Asian, etc. God Bless President Trump and his family. For the benefit of those with NO sense of humor/Wit, the beggining was meant to be received as SATIRE. The "by the way" ending was serious.
This time I have to agree with Juan!!!
Forgot to mention kid rock
The Democratic Party desires to demean, and disgrace: Our President, our people, and our Nation. Don't let them get their way. Vote Trump in 2020.
Who owns and operates the leftist,   
anti American, MSM, Hollywood, and the recording industry!  Here's a clue...they wear small hats.
JUAN   NEVER CAN WATCH HIM BYE
It's SO FUNNY how conservatives openly embrace a mentally incoherent black man???? Then they play the altruism card of concern to get the African American Community more jobs  (Like they've always had the minorities best interest at heart ) !!!!!  Conservatives talk about the raw talent in the room  (Jim Brown ) a senile old has been.  (Kanye West ) a mentally ill rapper who's got 2 marbles left in his head.  I'm not a liberal leftist, but I don't think that makes a difference in this case.  It's about the hypocrisy! !!!!  Most conservatives would NEVER condone any man. ....especially a black man dropping the F-BOMB in the Oval Office.  Now all of a sudden Kanye's message had purposeful meaning.  You people are pathetic, and authentic hypocrite's. If Obama would have done this you would have said he's turning the White house into a ghetto! !!!!!
Please get rid of Juan Williams and change the name of the show to The Four.
Kanye your nuts 
10/12/18
TRUMP IS A GOOD FATHER   AS WAS HIS  FATHER   AND MOTHER -----STRONG FAMILY  THAT WAS THERE FOR HIM =====MEN TODAY ARE LOOKING FOR THAT 
SUBJECTIVELY   AND DRAWN TO HIM  =====I SEE IT AS A NURSE ==== VERY CLEARLY
They aren't attacking Jim Brown!
I saw kayne's password on his phone. It's 0000
Look I understand having opposing viewpoints on the show, thats better than mainstream media,  but if Juan is just gonna repeat the standard responses i'm not so sure he's useful
What is Kanye rambling about? I'm sorry but if you think this is anything but nonsense, you need to see a psychiatrist yourself.
Snl will do a skit thats less entertaining.....first truth fox has spoken ever
What a fuckin mess....but credit to ye for keeping toad from talking for more than 5 minutes.....and news flash fox....you have a volatile, not robust economy
LMAO watching FOX trying to spin this into a positive. WTF?
Its just ye
God forbid any black not tow the leftist propaganda line. Unity isnt in their vocabulary.
Okay, so first, the left is NUTS! I could explain that but I don't think I really need to. Second, WE STILL HAVE A MONEY PROBLEM!!! WE ARE STILL KICKING THE CAN DOWN THE ROAD!
Good on you Kanye, at least one person in that family who has his head on his shoulders. You go Kanye! As for the left, shut up and get lost.
Kanye could really bring the races together for good.
'Stop and frisk'  reduces crime by 20 %.
Buy American.
Our entire society has officially gone nuts!
Dear Fox News, I would like to request that you replace Juan with someone who doesnt just take the opposite view on every single topic because its irritating. Regards, from everyone who watches your channel.
What is his IQ ?
I have to be honest i'm not for Republican , I'm not for Democrat. I'm for America, North America being great and this was such a profound meeting. My reaction to watching this just after it was released was tingles all over my body. It was really moving. I just want our country to succeed i don't know what the Dems are pushing for?
I'm a Trumper but Kanye West is an embarrassment. I wish Trump would get a black buddy who at least sounds like he graduated from grade school.
KANYE WEST FOR PRESIDENT 2024
why is juan on there... m akes me want to change the channel and i ave loved gutfield since the very beginning of red eye ... get him off .. a lot of people could do the dem side and not make us change the channel
If this bipolar behaviour can be lauded by a mainstream network, the future of the US is in trouble. This madness is not conservatism
Shut up Juan!
I would LOVE to go eat Lunch with OUR GREAT PRESIDENT!!!!
But it was ok when the Obamas and Clintons had singers visit and say everything they wanted them to say. The real problem with America is nobody can think for themselves or put the hate aside for 5 seconds to hear what's actually being said. 5 yr old children hate Trump because their parents told them to and have no idea why. What's the difference between that and teaching your kids to be racist? not much.One day that same 5 yr old will grow up and realize they were force fed hate and they will know their parents were the problem not the president.
Don Lemon is the 'token negro homosexual man at CNN. Anderson Cooper is the token white homosexual man with white hair at CNN. (brian seltzer) is the token bald, fat homosexual man at CNN!
So Obama Campaigned too much, but not Trump. Where are the Tea Party Patriots now? Can't even go by the standards you set.
The only reason Korn hole west is anywhere near orange Julius is because of the cartrashian bank account!!! PERIOD
Juan and democrats think any black person speaking with the president is a "token" yet if trump only spoke to white people he'd be accused of not listening to the black community.  No win. Democrat bias in full view.
Juan
Why is everyone by the name of Juan. 
A race baiting asshole.
Think how wonderful our country would be if we all worked together.  I think K. West has more supporters now than ever before.
It's people like that dem that turn people racist
DANNY WILLIAMS COULD HAVE BEEN HILLARY'S  TOKEN NEGRO. IF HER HEART HAD BEEN IN THE RIGHT PLACE. OR IF SHE HAD ACTUALLY POSSESSED A HEART..
I GIVE KANYE ALL THE CREDIT, EVERYONE ELSE IS SCARED OF TRUMP.
Actually...in regards to his 13th comment...if the country's economy gets so booming and there were too many jobs, why not pay inmates regular wages for manufacturing work?   They have children, families, child support, etc
Kanye comes across as rambling, but he is making some hugely important points.  The way he talks is to appeal to HIS base.  There are big things going on here.  The liberal elites were decidedly NOT the audience for this.
Heroes Journey is a Spiritual reference. Kanye hit the nail right on the head. Look up Ted Nottingham on YouTube about The Hero's Journey.
I'm impressed with Kanye!
Manic depressives for Trump

Vote Republican
I cannot watch any program that has the idiot Juan Williams. That man will Eff up his own wet dream.
Never have i seen a President so liked so down to earth,in the face of such attack's everyday not only in your country but mine also.
Something about sincerity,our Prince Charles used to talk to his plants the media mocked him,irony this Man talks to People and yes this time you do see growth.
Respect i have.
They have nothing. Your racist? WTF.
If morons like Kapernick truly cared about helping the black communities he would meet with the president. Take action. But liberals just want to play the victim. Pussies!
Kanye needs help! Unhinged like the president....god help America!
Jay Z, Beyonce, and Common can go to the White House, and hang out with the Obamas, and perform there, and do everything but talk about politics, and the issues facing our country. But, Kanye can't go to the White House and actually talk about relevant issues with Trump. He gets called an attention whore, and accused of doing it as a publicity stunt. The only reason they are vilifying him, is because he supports a President they don't like. If Obama was still President, or if any other Republican was President, liberals would be praising Kanye for his bravery, and how he is a shining example for all liberals. Liberals are at the point where they dont even try to hide their hypocrisy and double standards! I dont even know why we bother with them anymore. You can't reason with them, you can't have a civilized conversation with them. All they do is attack and insult. Those are the only 2 things in their toolbox. They either attack you, or they insult you, or they do both! Republicans, at this point, need to just ignore them. They thrive on chaos. Ignore them long enough, and maybe they will go away. But I know we couldn't get that lucky!
Koonye West is a F moron!
I saw the raw, unedited footage and Kanye is not crazy at all.  The definition of crazy is thinking outside the box.  Kanye's heart and mind are in the right place.  I was laughing a lot during his 10 minute rant.  Not laughing at him, but laughing at all the barriers he was knocking down and laughing because he's got the absolute courage to expose those who want to keep guys like him tied down on the Democrat plantation.
Juan. Come on!
Juan goes with racism !
Surprised ?
Nah, typical lefty move.
This black guy on the panel is embarrassing me and I'm black
I feel sorry for the other invited guests.
Kanye is still a house slave for whites and he could not care less about black people. Period!
Jim Brown...UNTOUCHABLE !
Using such awful language
If he hadnt they wouldve called him an Oreo or accused him of sounding yte
Cant win with those people anyway so he might aswell let his freak flag fly
FOX NEWS,,, can you PLEASE fire Juan he lowers this show
John Williams is a racist sack of horse dung. He's just mad cause Obama never invited him over. I wonder if he was ok when the fake Rick Ross and Jayz and the other house negros went
I disliked the video because of Juan, I never even listened to it, just read the comments to confirm if he was present. I refuse to listen to anything where he's a commentator, he's repulsive, I just can't stand liberals anymore, anything that even resembles their mindset: I block out cause I won't associate myself with filth.
Juan is a sad party popper
West showed himself to be the total moron he is and Trump had to sit there obviously thinking, what the hell was I doing inviting this clown into the WH. What a complete chaotic shambles of an Administration.
If Barack Obama had any entertainer in the oval office using thy type of language that Kanye used FOX would have lost their minds. Just look at the tapes when Kanye said "George Bust don't like black people".
I've never liked MSM but fox you're warming up to me
Make the libturds cry again. Bring on the red wave in the midterms. Maga.
PRAYING JESUS, HELP US RECEIVE YOUR QUALITIES OF EVERY INCREASING MEASURE, TO DO WHAT IS MORALLY AND ETHICALLY CORRECT, AND TREATING OTHERS AS YOU WANT TO BE TREATED,,, JESUS TEACH US THE ''BASEVALES AND TWO RULES'' ARE MEASURED IN YOUR PERFECT AND PERFECTING QUALITIES OF YOUR EVERY INCREASING  LOVE, FORGIVENESS, AND PRAYER,,, JESUS IF WE WANT TO BE LIKE YOU, WE SHOULD LOVE LIKE YOU, FORGIVE LIKE YOU, AND PRAY LIKE YOU,,,JESUS THANK YOU FOR YOUR LOVE, FORGIVENESS, AND PRAYER, FOR THESE QUALITIES WILL NOT ONLY STRENGTHEN OURSELVES IN YOU, BUT WILL OVERFLOW INTO OTHERS,,, JESUS THANK YOU FOR OUR PERSONAL, PROFESSIONAL REVIVAL OF EVERY INCREASING MEASURES... I AMen
I'll keep down voting until evil Juan Williams is taken off the show. He's literally taking a good situation and twisting it in his twisted mind. He is either lying or evil.
Juan doesn't have any sense of freedom... He's stock in slavery forever...
The white bosses of CNN are now mocking the 4 black prostitute-slaves which sold themselves to the racist white.
They are sitting now in their white offices and laughing at those 4 blacks.
How nothingness these blacks can be
That's it, I am booking a flight to the USA. I'm coming to have a chat with you Juan.
LOl Juan pushing the spin trying to say anything he can to keep people anethesized.
Well, what do you know, Juan got it right :He doesn't understand.....
I finally see what Kanye was saying between SNL and this meeting. My mind is blown.
lol Kanye is a asshole
I stopped watching the five because of Juan. These clips remind me how much I despise his race baiting, divisive language. He is a moron.
Juan is the smartest person on this panel.. they played the parts of Kanyes meeting that actually made sense... yes you saw it, less than 5 clips worth. The rest of this episode is filler talk. You guys are scraping to find good things..
IF IS "TRUE" : EVERY "MAN AND WOMAN" OF THIS "LOWLY WORLD", "DEVASTED" BY THE "MENS PREDATIONS" AND THE "EVIL WORK" OF THE "SONS OF THE DEVIL", "LOST" IN THE "WRONG" AND "EVIL WAY" OF "PERDITION" OF "LIE", "IRRESPECT" AND "CORRUPTION"; "REPRESENT" ONLY "HIMSELF" . 
"EVERY ONE" MUST "KNOW" NOW; THERE IS IN THIS "WORLD", "CREATED" FOR THE "SOVEREIGN REIGN" OF THE "ADAM MENS AND WOMENS" BY THE "LORD OF GRANDNESS" : SOME "SACRED INDESTRUCTIBLE THINGS" WHO WAS FOR SO "MANY CENTURIES" : "BAFFLED AND TRAMPLED" BY THE "UNGODLY NATIONS" OF THE "EARTH"; WHO CAN NEVER BE "NEGOCIATED" ON THE "TABLE" LIKE THE "BUSINESS AFFAIRS" : 
I' M "TALKING ABOUT" : THE "LEGITIMATE RIGHT" TO "RESPECT" OF THE "DIGNITY" AND THE "SOVEREIGN LIBERTY" OF "EVERY MAN AND WOMAN", "CREATED" BY THE "LORD" WHO HAVE "ALSO" ON THE ADAMA LAND : THE "LEGITIMATE RIGHT" TO A "DECENT RESPECTABLE HUMAN LIFE" AND "HAPPINESS" BY THE "HIGHEST LORD" . 

BECAUSE, LIKE "EVERY REAL CHRISTIAN" AND "BELIEVER" IN THE "LORD", "KNOW" IN THIS "LOWLY WORLD" LOST IN THE "DARKNESS WAY" IN THIS "CRUCIAL TIME" OF THE "INELUCTABLE RADICAL CHANGE COMING" : THE "REAL CHALLENGE" FOR "EVERY MAN AND WOMAN" IS MUCH MORE "HIGHER", CAUSE THE ACCES OF THE "DOOR" OF THE "RAINBOW ARK" OF "SALVATION" IS VERY "ELEVATE" .

THAT'S WHY IS "WRIT" IN : "LUK" 18 : 22 - 24 - 25 ...WHEN "YEHOSHOUA" HEARD "THESE THINGS", "HE" SAID "UNTO HIM", YET "LACKEST THOU" ONE "THING" : "SELL" ALL THAT "THOU HAST", AND "DISTRIBUTE" UNTO THE "POOR"; AND "THOU" SHALT HAVE "TREASURE" IN "HAEVEN": AND "COME", "FOLLOW ME" .
HOW "HARDLY" SHALL THEY THAT HAVE "RICHES", "ENTER" INTO THE "KINGDOM" OF THE "LORD" !
CAUSE, IT IS "EASIER" FOR A "CAMEL" TO "GO" THROUGH A "NEEDLE'S EYE", THAN  FOR A "RICH MAN" TO "ENTER" INTO THE "KINGDOM" OF THE "LORD" . ... "J-CHRIST.C"
That was bad ass!
Juan is like the token moron on the  show
Yeah, liberals NEVER use filthy language. And Greg was right about Bill Clinton. He disrespected the Oval Office in the worst way! He used it like it was a pay by the hour motel room!!
So why didnt we make Obama look good ?
Trump is racist.  He let two black men speak their minds in the oval office.
Kanye has the face of someone on strong mental illness meds.
Juan needs the boot, right in his black ass! Oops racial joke
Watching Kanye gave me a sense that there may be real hope for all of us to wake up and grow. West's mind is on fire and he has many good insights and ideas. If you are looking for a flow of continuity he is not the mind to listen to. BUT is you listen to each area of his mind that he expresses he does have a theme. WE have been fragmented, weakened, and made to feel felt out and like victims. WE only have THIS moment to wake up and make life better for our self and for others. HE SEES what we have been doing to ourselves for a long long time. Here he has the President of the United States of America across the table - LISTENING to him. I think this is part of Americas Great Awakening. And the MEDIA wants no part of America WAKING UP! WE will see them for what they are. Propaganda for their own power and out of touch with humanity.
The Oval Office has been turned into a circus ring. Its ALMOST as embarrassing as, well as the list gets longer I tell you what IM NOT VOTING FOR THIS CLOWN AGAIN!
Juan is so outnumbered
Liberals are ganging up on Kanye for expressing his own opinions, for speaking his mind. Yet, they praise Taylor Swift for doing the exact same thing. Ahhhh...the double standards continue...
LMAO
I never cared for kanye but i do respect him for what he is doing keep up the fight god bless you all
The left is crazy !
I might start listening to his music, what a great speech with truth Kanye!
Juan suffers from TDD.   Trump derangement disorder.
The right hated Obama for having common at the white house but this was okay lol man your party has lost it.
I do not like Juan but taking him off the show is not a good thing to do,,,,, it would be acting like the left does, and it is good to have a opposite view right there,,,, it does heat up and conversation become lively. We have to listen to everyone point of views,,, Liberals do not listen, but we do listen to everyone.
I'm pro Trump but seems Kanye is a bit weird. He's making no sense.
OMG. CNN just called Intelligent black people (including  a rapper and not only scientists) : STUPID NEGROES. WAO. How insane is that to put in national television. 
The COLLAPSE of CNN.
Juan is perfect for the 5.  He reminds us how stupid leftists really are.
MEDIA CONTROL HOW YOU THINK AND HOW YOU SHOULD SEE SOMETHING.  Here we go. We have a man in the oval office who does not ACT presidential. No, we have a man in the oval office who does not ACT like a politician. And THIS is why WE, the people are WAKING UP. The media works hard to CONTROL how you see and what you see.  The left is blind. WE are hoping to lift everyone. America is finally moving forward.
Juan is a total dipshit and needs to be taken out the back of the sheds and given a beating.
We all see that delivering prosperity and jobs to the big cities will help everyone. The corruption of the Democrats is clear: they'd rather have power in a dysfunctional and devided USA than be out of power in a prosperous USA.
Used after mental petting?
Kanye might have been a bit over the top in hes passionate speech,  but he spoke the truth about the democrats and their agenda of trying to obstruct and regain power at any cost.
Ramble on, Kanye
Kanye's an idiot
If you're stupid enough to buy any of Kanye's transparent bullshit sales pitch then you get what you deserve.
I loved the debate, but don't get into shouting over the top of each other.
Love that unicorn mug right there!!!!
Kanye is like a breath of fresh air!  Jobs for all, white, black, yellow and rainbow ppl! This is True Great America! 
GOD ! Juan Williams needs to go back to work at the car wash. Jesus....
Any evidence that ending of stop and frisk will help the situation in Chicago?? Any? Genuine question
A great spin on this stupidity news people. Can't believe how many people fall for this nonsense. This is Fake news!!
Honestly... i hate trump, and mos def not a fan of kanye, but this made me respect......

Charles manson a lil more
The Greatest thing I have heard through all this sense the beginning was a African American coming out and saying they are publicly saying no to the Illegal Immigrants getting anything because it does takeaway from African Americans and it is not right and he is absolutly right they are American and paid a big price and they should not loose any jobs or income housing or anything behind any immigrant and that problem my friend is all owned by the Demorats
We don't have a money problem? The debt is out of control, if we have all this money, pay your bills America WTF. What a joke. the stock market is plunging and interest rates are climbing, sound familiar, and these clowns are saying we have too much money. Don't listen to these clowns, think about what I said and use your own judgement.
Juan.... This guy... He always brings identity politics into his arguments even when his arguments are already DOA.

His way of thinking, is exactly they thinking of all Democrats. They see Republicans and those on the right, getting on just fine with the black communities and he thinks its just Republicans and the right are only doing it to try and prove they're not racist...

Can't you see the Democrats NEED division amongst Republicans to make it easier to gain power.

If Juan really thinks like this, concider the fellow Republican hosts, his "friends"?  Think about that for a moment... Why would he sit with racists?

It's the Democrats that are creating division. They call for togetherness, while using identity politics and placing everyone in boxes.

Think.
Lmao y'all like Kanye now?
FOX IS A DIARRHOEA BAG .. TRUMP MAGGOTS SUCK ON IT .. HAH HAHAHAAAA
PUTIN IS PISSING HIMSELF LAUGHING. 
America  falls for a shameless con Trump and Fox are feeding diarrhoea to their supporters ,they happily suck on it ..LOL
We don't just have today, we have to think 7 generations ahead, short term thinking on our part. Kanye said motherfuker in the Oval office. But this joker doesn't show that or his rants. He said companies need more tax breaks. He advocated for Trump himself to build factories at a cheaper tax rate than now. Jim Brown is a wise man, he kept quiet, but his ears open.
Trump should take a way "Stop and frisk" Agreed, we have similar thing in Sweden and it feels very controlling/threatening by the police. And he should also give Kanye a Job in the whitehouse
1:25 KANYE JUST QUOTED NIETZSCHE ABOUT THE ETERNAL RETURN!
I HANG MY HEAD, N MOURN FOR THE IGNORANCE N BLINDNESS OF OUR NATION!!!  SATAN IS IN THE WHITE HOUSE!!!!
AND THEY CALL HIM A MAN OF GOD SMH,  AS ITS WRITTEN SO SHALL IT BE!!!  JESUS IS LORD!
Summit?  More like a deep valley. Lowest point in American history.
Kanye is wacky dude but how can you not like the guy? He's honest and he doesn't run with the crowd. He is his own man, and that's rare in show business these days. He and Trump are very similar, and I really think this is a fascinating moment in history.
A contest (between Trump and Kanye to see who can spout the most nonsense in one hour. Ready go! Meth filled donuts aren't just for breakfast anymore.
All of a sudden the "racist" image is starting to fall, so dems are in PANIC!!! cause elections....are coming!!!!!
Amazing the double standard of CNN. They can get away with name calling. Meanwhile the right remains calm and respectful. It's amazing how much things have changed over the years.
i call the liberal left our "TOKEN RETARDS"
kanye is not talented, he has a million songwriters who do everything for him.
What did Kanye say and who did he want clemency for FFS? Do you want that guy released?
The Saudi reporter was more important but Fox news can't comment until Trump tells them what to think huh?
kanye is a real man standing up against the Globalist left which have been selling the West out.
Lol what is Juan saying. So Trump a racist according to the left is bringing a black guy to the Oval office to appeal to his followers who the left say are racist that he is not racist.
Fox get rid of Juan!!!
Can Fox please get rid of that racsist juan
Trump and Kanye West are so alike.
It's racist for Juan to assume that Trump doesn't have lots of black friends just because he's white.  The exact same behaviour under Obama would have had Juan applauding his 'diversity'.
Freedom of speech,
I miss KG but Dana is a nice looking lady, just saying kinda reminds me of Cheryl Ladd
Hey Juan you little liberal Ass kisser where we're you when your messiah and his tranny other half were throwing constant parties at the Wight House with all the rappers
Didn't hear much from Juan when Clinton was handing out cigars in the oval office ...
Good thing about Juan in this group is the more he try to outsmart about against Trump, the more hes making himself loook fooool and stoooooopid!
Juan is an absolute moron!!!! All these black rappers LOVED Trump before he ran for office and Trump was the only white man to be awarded the Ellis Island award for his contribution to the Black American community along side Rosa Parks and Mohammed Ali!!! But he's racist!!!!  He was the first person to give one of the biggest architectural contract to a woman, but he's sexist!!!
On an irritable chart from Hannity to Judge Jeanine, Gutfeld is close to the top end.
Embarrassing,  cursing, ( cussing )
Unprofessional!!!
Juan! You pulled the race card! Why did you demean Kanye by calling him a prop? Not very nice, Juan. I'm sad for you. I'm happy for Kanye, though!
kanye gets it. didn't let them bully him like they did to others (like taylor swift). walkaway movement keeps increasing
To have this in the oval office is a disgrace
FAKE NEWS IS FOX
Juan - why are you on that panel. You sit there on your own amongst racist. Koonye West has mental issues. That White people dont understand and its white people in the White House who are in power
The MOB is frothing at the mouth yet again, these people see racism in anything conservative/Christian/Republican, ironically the biggest racist of all stares back at them every morning when they look in the mirror. Also Juan Williams is stuck on stupid, can't fix stupid my friends.
Swearing in the oval office.
Notice how fox edits out the cringe
This is not supposed to happen in oval office and he shouldn't be in there. He's not an elected offical. Trump has turned the presidency into a joke.
Whoooone u make people sick
The man is a perfectly rational very stable genius.
Typical Black man not giving another black man credit just because...

Give Kim and Kanye credit for bringing to the table prison reform . Im a conservative and believe we need to pay attention to this matter immediately.
i swear they put juan as democrat token negro
Juan Williams tops his own stupidity every day. He should be unemployed.
juan :P
And Juan is a twirp. He still brings up the BS of Charlottesville like Trump supported the fake KKK there. What a SJW Democrat who calls himself Libertarian. What a waste this guy is.
Hey Jaun, is Trump not allowed to associate with black people? Your saying he's just doing it for show because it doesn't fit your narrative that he's a racist.
Loco Juan. Wonder if his removes his teeth when he eats his plantation owners ass?
Who let the dogs in......
How could they still scare him to not wear the hat? He has got to be over that. The CNN negroes are the racists  calling Kanye  stupid and unread and the Black ones call him a token negroes like the token negroes they are on CNN. I dont even know those dimwits but Donald J Trump and Kanye and Jim Brown are Men I know and everyone knows and everyone will remember. The CNN pundits will not be remembered by name.
If it's not negative, the Dems don't like it. I think what Kanye West was saying is we only have now, today, and living in the past isn't going to help anyone unless we take the lessons learned from it to make positive changes for the future.   President Trump brought up the positive vibe in the office, that's what the Democrats don't want, because they thrive on negativity, hence the resistance.   Positive vibes, energy and changes are abhorrent to them.  It makes them fearful because it's not familiar to their way of living.  An analogy would be showing light to vampires.
If any Republican said the words, token Nigro, the word Racist would have been worn out. I guess the Democrats showed their true colours, pun intended. After all they voted to keep Slavery back in the day.
Fox News is doing it right..
They need to show proof they don't always favor Trump..
In the long run, it will increase Fox's credibility to appear non biased.. I myself agree with Kanye, and think Trump is awesome.. It's more entertaining to hear opposing viewpoint for me, at this point..
MR. WEST WAS STRAIGHT TO THE POINT OF WORKING PEOPLE HAVING DIGNITY AND PURPOSE OPPOSE TO THE SPERM GIVER, MR. WEST SPOKE DIRECTLY ABOUT THE AMERICAN FAMILY AND THE FACT THAT FATHERS WITH REAL WORKING JOBS ARE A VERY IMPORTANT TO OUR SOCIAL STRUCTURE, i WAS VERY PROUD OF HIM AND HAVE A NEW FOUND RESPECT FOR MR. WEST..
Keep America great.
Don't vote crazy in November.
Today, Kayne (I noticed the name is not spelled phonetically correct as the English alphabet would  pronounce it)anyway, Karnyae, today, dripping huge nuggets of pure and golden wisdom from his mouth, of which the Leftists might find too deep, profound, because he is speaking simple truths - called the foundational WISDOM. To those on the Left, he's speaking a foreign language, and any Democrat watching will need to employ an Interpreter, I think.
A black guy asking for jobs in America....I bet he lost alot of fans, black fans.
Juan shut up!
Juan sucks!!! Fox needs to replace him permanently.
Juan's voice is nails on a chalkboard and his temperament is best suited for the cackling ninnies of The View..
Send Juan to the asshole countries I live here then he will experience REAL poverty nd Corruption Fool!!!!
cancel juan
If I had $10, I'd wager $20 that stop-and-frisk is a policy enacted by the city of Chicago (edit I'm sure other cities and counties across the country do it). It's really a violation of the 4th amendment at any level of government absent of probable cause. Guess what political party runs the city of Chicago?
"I don't approve of swearing in the White House" Dude, civility and politeness went out the window a very long time ago in American politics.
Not a angry rant a passionate plea for his people's future nd wellbeing  Kanye really cares
what came out of it , Zero

lowest black unemployment in 49 years.... is this zero?
Kanye West meets with Obama, world media praises both men as progressive intelligent black men saving the world....

MSM die die die
every time Juan opens his mouth i mute him simple
Is it just me or can Juan Williams ever in his live think objectively and WITHOUT prejudice!!! We all watch the clip & when he talks/remarks I'm like "WTH!! Did we not watch the SAME thing!! How can YOU possible come to that conclusion!!"....Quite frankly, the "Juan"s of this world are part of the problem and not solution.
Kanye is so brave.  Don't let those liberal Hollywood phonies get u down they all make their anti Trump statements as the audience cheers .  Who cares about Hollywood they embrace pedophiles like Polanski and rapists like Weinstein
Wheres Kim K???
Exactly that's what my friends from outside says to me all the time. You don't have respect to your president and people thinks American people are really bad
Ha! I love how President Trump is mouthing quietly, 'He's right...he's right' hahaha I love Trump!
What frigin planet is Juan from?? ..
Kanye was brilliant by the way.
Jaun Williams wtf is he doing on this show.
MAGA
Kanye...meh.  Did Jim Brown have a chance to speak? Kanye just seemed a little wild. I didn't grasp much of what he was saying. I think it was his style of delivery. Now, Juan I understand. I just think he's a dumbass.
Kanyes the man
Love the fact the CNN is so salty
The oval office is the people office.
Juan Williams, would you Stop trying to reverse the progress that us black people have made! ! !  Please, Stop! ! Even your children do not agree with you!
This negro respected the Oval Office. The President face said it all.
God bless Kanye and Trump.
It's insane how republicans can be so gullible LOL. uuuuuuuuh trump paid him to say good thing about him, and wear his cap... but you republicans WANT TO THINK he is on your side.
I like the way he bangs on the Resolute desk.
Juan Williams is very low IQ person.
Did MSNBC even hear anything Kanye said. Of course MSNBC will discredit anything Kanye says and
keep bringing up the past health issues. They are a globalist Network, Kanye's pro-American and
Trump praise flies in the face of their narrative. How dare Kanye not push the racist agenda. What
used to be right, love of country and it's leader, is bad and America bashing and POTUS hating is 
good. The country is in upside down land now.
Jay-Z & Beyonce have been doing events to support and promote the Dems for years...this feels like an overdue balance...Kanye vs the entire media complex.
I bet Jay-Z is pissed lol  TRUMP 
Juan Williams. What an annoyingtool.
A group of libtards discussing mental health. Priceless.
Lmao poor Juan is triggered again what a surprise .... NOT
Seriously?
Honestly Kanye is a bit nuts, but its all good. Blacks, its time to start thinking for yourselves. TV, and the media have done you wrong. Wake up.
White racists wouldn't like a President to be friendly towards an influential black leader. I know Juan continues to try and paint the President as a demon! Unless he agrees with his politics!
Juan is a plant. Put there to make us hate democrats even more. Very effective I must say.
Was Bill Clinton respectful in that office? Lmao that was a good one
The thing is the real racist here is that nasty idiot juan
well is he racist? NO no he's not. he got a freaking reward for most excepting or something. you can see the picture traveling around facebook.
Summit? Lol 2 totally insane narcissists rambling is not a summit
It should be the four. Juan in the most vile racist that has ever appeared on FOX.. that title includes Tuckers guests.
If you could please time stamp when Juan spouts his racist, insulting and vile sections, maybe more would watch beyond Greg, Waters, etc. in other words, if I wanted to listen to garbage, Id turn on cnn.
The blonde woman said she watched it with the sound off (having her hair and makeup done) made some inane comments about how it looked and then told everyone to sleep on it, and maybe itll seem different tomorrow.  Meaning maybe shell have watched it with the sound on by then. Cmon you can do better than that.
Im sure it was fun for kanye when he was blowin those lines in the bathroom of the whitehouse tho!!!!!!
Funny how no media elites condemned Jim Brown .
It was great to hear all of them say nice things about our President.  Kayne sounds smart as well as the rest of them.
Boy! The Democrats use each and everything to discredit their President. If he didn't accept Kaynes meeting they would say he's a racist. If he accepts him they would say he's a racist. They don't care. They just open their big mouth! Low IQ people
Potus should listen to what Kanye is telling him. Peace and prosperity for african americans will guarantee reelection. The DNC would be devastated for years if blacks side with Trump.
Economic prosperity? 
The DOW has dropped 1000 points in a week
MAGA
Much love from across the pond!
If Obama had a son...........................
I honestly expected some crazy bullshit but Kanye was amazingly on point.
Just so we can pis off Juan,  let us give the democrats an asskicking this midterm 
The entire event and Fox News reporting on it was embarrassing 
It was a room full of mental illness and attention seeking
Any kind of criticism, they just bring up a democrat who did something worse, if Bill Clinton/Lewinsky is your standard for Oval Office behaviour you have none
Kanye is a Patriot
Dems rip on black man showing their true racism.
To add to Scott Adams' retort... We don't have a RACISM problem in this country, we have a BEHAVIOR problem.
A free black man talking at the white house was an "ASSAULT"? Hmmm....
Is Juan on drugs?
Is Juan the token Dem? Its not only lies, but its rude, disrespectful and they should be closed down that CNN MSNBC . Disgraceful.
Juan is so racist.
Talented and businessman not apply to daddys boy Donald hes bankrupted everything he touches are you really that blind Jesse. Rupert Murdoch will fire all your asses when he decides Trump is no longer good for ratings. Fools
The devil will always  hate goodness because all he wants is confusion and destruction. Think about that!
I was taught to respect my elders but someone needs to drop kick (some sense into) Juan Williams. His commentary truly demonstrates just how lost in the sauce he is.
Juan' views are cancerous 
I want to see Kanye West and Colion Noir shoot guns at the range and talk about solutions to bring black people out of the Democrat plantation of lies and brainwashing.
Juan is a SOB with no moral no class who shits in his wife mouth 
Can someone explain why that guy is still on this show!!  On the other hand he is making lots of Republicans.
I love the Hero's Journey reference.  Big props for that. I say that man DOES read... and he reads both sides and sees where the long term truth abides... in WISDOM, not rhetoric.  We need to get back to WISDOM, yes philosophy MEANS the LOVE of WISDOM, and it's time for deep debate about wisdom, and not emotional rhetoric which can lead to violence (the last straw of a man/woman who CANNOT THINK for themselves).  It's about high time that we go back to First Principles.
MSNBC says, "If you think you're gonna to get a thoughtful play by play and political analysis, you're not." At last, the MSM have uncovered their long-standing official motto. PS. Juan's solution is that no black people should be talking to white people, no white president should ever give a black American an audience, and no black people should ever leave the plantation.
Funny how the disgusting radical left and Juan don't say one thing about Jim Brown, he's one of the most influential not only black people but people in general, what is there lame excuse for him meeting with President Trump? They wouldn't dare and they need to stop on Kanye.
Man Juan just sticking with the tribal agenda, pretty sad. It doesn't always have to be about the left making the right look bad, sometimes its about people wanting to make positive changes like Kanye and President Trump.
Only problem with saying, we dont have a money problem is that we actually do. 

With inflation very high followed by cost of living, the poor to lower middle class are still struggling. 

We need to do something with the US currency. I dont know what Trump plans to do but I hope you can help resolve this issue. Maybe we have some gold hidden somewhere to pay off the national debt.
Juan Williams thinks everyone on that table is racist except him.
"Lunch? You just ate the Democrats" LoL. This is priceless!! 
I thought for a moment I was watching the Onion news
I dont understand why they dont lead the way & both POTUS & Kanye manufacture their products is the U.S. we need those jobs man.
Amen, Greg.
Powerful indeed, I loved it! - 6:03 you can start skipping Juan Sambo to 9:00. all jargon BS
Uh murrakerr
As most afro americans are dumber then others, they wont realize it....
But whatever Obama did for the black community in america, for sure was not much good or being constructive!!

This Trump being friend with Kanye West has a much LAAAAARGER impact then the black community ever will realize!!! Trump is clearly trying to clear out all this anger between both races by showing them that he REALLY doesnt judge people based on color or race !!
It wouldnt suprise me if Trump would ever know that he can give his presidency later on, one day onto a black person that genuine has good intentions, not someone as BARACK OSAMA !!! Who does speaches with nice words and charisma, but never does what he preaches !!!

OBAMA was the worst mistake in centuries!!! Bush is nothing next to him!
And Trump will be remembered in a good way for ever and ever literature will excist. Simple.

TRUMP IS A WISE MAN. At his age he had nothing to proove anymore, BUT he did.
Kanye sticks his head out sooooo far, its typical his nature, because he know he can handle all the critizism that he will get.

2 STRONG MEN, that just do their thing, without an agenda
Bill Clinton got a blowjob under that desk, and they wanna talk about Kanye saying the F word?
Kanye was gangsta... He needs to be heard.
The power of Trump... he sat thru that with a straight face
I love it. The Trump Cult pretending to have any idea what this unhinged psychobabbler is touting here. You can see Trumps eyes cross at one point.
Kanye's truly achieved a new consciousness level. I'm sorry but if you still hate him, you're out of touch with your own soul. He is on his hero's journey. GOD BLESS EVERYONE <3 (except Juan)
"Beacaue of China stole our factory jobs"
 So,.. when  capitalism goes  global it's not good anymore.
I love how "Donald Trump is a racist" is simply accepted because it's a trendy presupposition that is immune to questioning and needs not be supported in fact.  The two common pillars to support that statement are both seriously flawed.

1. "Trump hates immigrants, therefore he's racist."  First of all, stay in school, prejudice of race is not the same thing as prejudice of nationality.  Second, the problem with illegal immigration is not the "immigration" part, which is probably why there are 350 million LEGAL crossings of the Mexican border per year, it's the "illegal" part.  A controlled border is not a closed border.  When you are the head of the Executive branch of federal government, enforcing federal law is kind of your job.  If you have a problem with what the law is, talk to Congress, they're the ones who write it.  That's what we elect them for, that's what they're paid for.  In the meantime, you could do something crazy, like abide by the law and immigrate legally, then you get to live here without looking over your shoulder.
2. "Trump speaks to workers, workers are primarily white, therefore Trump is a white supremacist."  When you are literally telling the world that a minority of non-white workers do not matter, you don't get to lecture other people about the evils of marginalizing and ignoring racial minorities, because that's exactly what you are already doing.
Kanye west sneaker company is in China lol
if i Was a Nutty Liberal  Like CNN / MSNBC & the View ...   i would be saying...  Whats The Matter With you Kanya ?  you Should More Obedient..  Like Don Lemon..  he and Many Others don't Stray Like you do ...  Whats the Hell is the matter with you Kanya ..  you Must be a Good Little Boy...  you are Making all The Dumb Blacks Look bad..  Before you do something stupid again First Check with Oprah / Whoopi or CNN  ...
I am beginning to believe Juan is a racist.
That the country has come to listening to an idiot like Kanye who sat in the Oval Office with a mouthful of swears and his whore wife has brought America to a new low. Suuuure it will get a few morons to vote. But is it worth it? Is this the America we want?
Yes !!!
Juan is a moron
People can change. Donald Trump has changed. The Presidential seat would change anyone. Hes authentic. Kanye is authentic. They dont care and thats powerful. I dont hide that Im a Trump supporter... but I wouldnt have the courage to wear a MAGA hat in public. Trump cares, he negotiates... hes does things no one else cared to... music industry, NFL...because he keeps his word and hes a genius. Fools think hes in it for the money...  people can grow and change. People that are smart grow and change. Geniuses understand that, and are continuously increasing in wisdom.
The last time Democrats were this upset about an outspoken Black man thinking for himself, it was after the Republicans took their slaves away.
Kanye in the Oval Office: "There's theory that there's infinite amounts of universe. And there's alternate universe. So it's very important to me to get Hoover out because in an alternate universe I am him!"  Truly genius....   : /
Juan is actually a white democrat in blackface...the more you know
Juan is a piece of 
Democrats just wont admit they were wrong
WILLIAMS IS FULL OF BS
Trump gave Kanye West a priceless platform to vent AND inform, and West communicated with his passion and knowledge from his perspective AND experience, and Trump's experience of forming alliances and prospecting value and hope is self evident only to those with faithful acceptance. 

For the Demonic/Socialists to down play this very important first step is more proof of their SELF SERVING AGENDA. They could not care less about the rising prosperity for all, THEY WANT IT ONLY FOR THEMSELVES. They are the essence of evil.
Tx dear Conway!  FREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEDOM
News for you.... South Africa IS a s...hole country with pockets of paradise in between...
Juan calling Kanye a "prop" is hilarious! What the hell does he think he is on Fox? Of course, his lucrative salary assuages his token status.
Where was all the scrutiny when his media whore wife blatently lied of being robbed outside a french hotel . 

She did that for attention   the trashys are no right in the head period . 

As for Kanye his rendition off that Queen Song is dreadful ...

Why didnt you call out CNN for racism when they have accused trump of it since he won
Juan Holier than Thou Pharisee:  Conway with that bad language... What would Jesus do with prostitues around him the whole day? In  greek language: Very evil people? The murderer on the cross? I dont wann compare with that amazing Conway, but how hypocrite and without any grace the dRATS as Juan are. 
How about Juan getting a job @ CNN, then call the show The Four.
its true ;-) trump w/ that troll face =DDD
God bless our citizens, President Trump, the USA and our allies.  In Jesus' name.
You know what's  interesting  is I don't  African american people  rioting in the  streets  when  CNN called  Kanye dumb, black, illiterate, and questioning his sanity ! wake up  people  of all races and see what you're  value is to the Democrats  once you  begin to question  or think  for yourself . FREE YOURSELF FROM THE  MIND  CONTROL OF HATE AND  RACISM  .
The saddest thing is Black people are the most racist to themselves.
Haha yes a new frontier! But. BUTT! Gods frontline is always satans frontline. The dRAT mobs get stressed, low and  nervous and EVEN MORE HATRED HAHAHAHA 
Lol. Cant anyone read trumps body language? Kanye made him nervous. He couldnt wait for him to shut his trap but he suffered through it to gain approval from the black community. Kanye is a nut job and Trump is exploiting him
Kaepernick started sitting during the national anthem because he got benched, wasnt starting anymore and wanted attention.
Fuckin nut job.
wake up people these leftist are just plain mean
Juan is the token race baiter on the Five
Every day i love kaney more and more
The Social Justice Terrorists are so openly racist in their condemnation of Kanye. The Red Wave is coming for you in November and you won't even see it coming because apparently you think all of us conservative minorities are Russian bots. So out of touch.
The left does'nt care if you're a minority. Left does'nt care if you're a woman. Left does'nt even care if you're queer as a Ouija board. Left shoots at your feet.....you better dance or they'll  start aiming higher.
Juan is the most negative dude this side of PMSNBC.
Thank you Kanye, Very cool
West did more for race relations in  1 day than Obama did in 8 years
Juan Williams is a moron.
White children were entrusted to the care of black women back in the day. Those blacks and others were often quite genuinely loved by the whole family. That didn't make them in any way shape or form 'equal' in the eyes of their owners.
Don't mistake smiles for acceptance - Kanye is nothing more than a side show to Trump et al. A 'good one' out of an otherwise mostly inferior bunch. Nobody can convince me he thinks Kanye West and John Kelly are fundamentally equal as people - period.
And funny how you all bleat his praises for 'speaking his mind', but when Juan does it he's a 'racist' and should be silenced/removed.
This was a joke, but entirely worthy of the joke currently defiling the Office.
Why are you keeping that housenegro of fox for, hes beyond stupid
I see Juan Williams being his normal negative stupid self...switched off.
Trump was right about Charlottesville. The media don't want to admit it.
Welcome to right side Kanye!
guys, this is real. this is us now. 
absolute awsomeballz... when the hell did everything go so right? Maga baby! realMikeBenzUSA
 mean girls @ CNN
SNL - Sorry Not Laughable
Sorry, I saw Juan Williams and I turned off the video.
I am from another country used to respect US Presidents and yes right now America does not look good.
It does not look good and made worse by Kanye tainting that most powerful office on Earth.
Juan shows how racist HE actually is.
I just read a comment that makes total sense..Juan is on the show so we can be reminded just how stupid the left sound...well its working
You're not Lost in the World anymore Ye.
Juan corny ass hypocrite williams
They're both idiots
Mid Terms are really going heating up!
Not a fan of Kanye word salads. The guy needs to be in an institution not in the White House.
I wish trump would have handed over his wallet when Kanye went in for the hug.
This is cringe worthy man what the f
Is Kanye autistic ?
I hope lefties jump off a bridge now
Replace Juan with a blow up doll. the producers should put Juan on last so that we can switch him off, he is like Maxine Muddy Waters in drag.
Im actually really liking Kanye West right now!!!
Jobs, education, and staying out of trouble with the law work no matter who you are.
poor juan such a potato
Kanye man! From Africa with love. Keep marching my man!
Kick Pedro Juan  out of the show !!!! always has something negative  to say ....
Juan if you want to find a racist look in the mirror.
Think bigger Juan.
juan, use a little brain. you making colored people like me look bad.
Juan is a Trump hater, race baiter
Sure Kanye, the best way to lift black men is to get in bed with a white supremacist.  Good grief.
THANK YOU  KANYE!!! PROUD  OF YOU!!!
Kanye west is a disgrace for back Americans, I respect him so much, I do not know he's crazy
Why is this such big news?
Yes jaun kaynes words are worse than Clinton getting oral in the oval office
These media guys are such bigmouths. Jealous ? Kanye  speaks from the heart. He's proud of his country. Good for him. It's not cool to be a nationalist anymore when a global socialist agenda is ruining our lives all over the world.
I'd rather have the old, fat, rude, alcoholic, pervert guy than Juan. Bring him back.
Get rid of Juan. I'd watch your show every night.  I can't stand him.  When he speaks,  click I'm gone.
A very special and powerful 'raw' experience.   Only in America. 
I know they need juans objective view but i wish i could slap the spit out of his squawk box
the left are the real hate filled bullies ...bunch of bias hypocrite liars don't have a clue ! Kanye spoke his heart and we all know that's not easy but its always real !! VOTE RED ON NOV 6 ....DONT ALLOW DEMS TO TAKE OVER !
When I learned Kanye West was a Trump fan I nearly lost my grip on reality.  But it gets more amazing.  Turns out he is a bigger Trump fan than me!
Kanye ...have found a lot of respect for him. MSM and the Dems are getting so very sickening.
Hillary is a mental case nut tyrant
Hussein Obama is a shadow communist ex president
Joe Biden diddles kids
jUAN YOU GET WORSE EVERYDAY YOU NEGATIVE THING YOU, YOU NEED TO BE REPLACED, REMOVED, i LOVE THE 5 , BUT i'm tired of your negativity, I loved it when you were on vacation, or just gone!  your hard left, go to lying  CNN
Juan has a REPUBLICAN son??? WTF.
Kim's probably a Leftist
Juan's a racist pimp clown
This comment section makes me fearful for humanity. I feel like Im in some dystopian reality. Im so grateful that I dont live in America. You are all two steps away from a Handmaids tale. Good luck with that. Praise be.
I love it when WHITE LIBS try to dictate you what is racism. To them anyone who has different opinion is a  'racist".
Kanye was awesome today. He enlighten us greatly..
Juan is done
More jobs more winning more powerful military more freedom more positive outspoken desire for American greatness
FoxNews would be 10 quadrillion times better if they dumped Juan Williams
Time for a personal WH TOUR!
And lets go to LUNCH WAS GREAT!
Kanye did speak his mind. Rodman deserves to be there's as well. He's done wonders too
JUAN WILLIAMS IS THE REAL TOKEN NEGRO.
Kanye is real and a great new ambassador of non political citizens taking part in MAGA!
As a white person i am free to choose who i like in politics, most blacks are not. SAD
Juan doesn't know that he is a racist does he?
Juan needs to go away!!! (cnn or msnbc please take juan)
I have to turn it off !! I can't stand cocksuking  Williams 
There is a shift in the tide.. & the Lunatic Left initiated it
yeah all you dweebs pretending kanye's a genius for supporting trump - i double, double dare you to take a flight on iplane-1, lolol....
A rebel for supporting the president
Juan exemplifies the embodiment of the left. The woman is spot on about Juan's comment. Trump would be labeled racist if he said NO to Kanye's visit or a racist because he let him visit. The left is  the problem for all of the Western Countries, including Australia. They have no shame, or values. Do not make the mistake of labeling liberals with leftists. There is a difference.
You are all speculating until you hear what happened at lunch.
Mr waters, interpreted what Kanye was saying perfectly ,sometimes people go a little deeper in the way they think like actually putting some thought in what they are are trying to say where people  sometimes think you are crazy for just thinking or having compassion  to love one another because we are trained to just go with the flow like everyone else and not to think for ourselves to be leaders not followers,people may not like him or like what he has to say but at the end of the day to have free will to imagine of all the endless possibilities . Thank you Kanye for planting the seed .
Love watching celebrities overreac
Juan is the token N*GRO of the group.
Thank you Kanye you inspired this fat old white guy to go buy a MAGA hat I'll wear it loud and proud!!!!THANK YOU
I can't understand everything Kanye says either.
Haven't we heard this before??C'mon how freaking embarrassing!!! What a Joke.USA we are better than this.
It takes a "crazy" person to be different and make a difference.
Juan please... STFU . sorry......
Be proud of your President, he is a PEOPLE person. Democrats open your eyes
Stop and frisk works, just ask London. 
Why is juan still employed at Fox? He's such a racist piece of trash.
You gotta love the Democratic plantation black man sayimg he didn't see "any substance, only celebrity"...... hmmmm you mean Hollywood isnt completely leftist ??? XD
Ditch Juan, he's far left that sits there and grinds his teeth whenever Trump scores another win. Never liked him from the getgo of the elections. Ditch this enemy.

Windbag Williams. Please, Fox, get rid of this miserable old leftist drone. The moment he opens his useless yap, I switch off. It's like fingernails on a chalkboard.
Lol. Idiots
Angry black man? Sounds racist...
Cringe TV at its best.. Painful to watch
Kayne is ascending   Those such as CNN, or the other ignorant media, don't understand.   They live in anger, cause they are not enlightened.   They live in the past.  But they are paid to do so.   So much the victim, if they learned the other side they would see.   They like their hate.   Shame.
Many unhinged comments on here
Prayers 4 Y
I really dislike Juan. Such a good Democrat. He really is clueless.
Juan is ridiculously stupid. So sad so many people think with that nonsense. To them it's always some sort if underhanded motive going on. All I saw is two people exchanging ideas.
The world's biggest pop star?? Lol wtf you talking about crazy fox whatever you are guy
Didn't Trump hire a black lady like day one of his presidency? He called her out in the crowd she said something and he's like give her a job in the white house! So like from that day forward he is racist? Honestly this whole race thing comes down to treat people the way you want to be treated. So when I hear juan be racist it makes me wanna be racist when I'm not at heart. Just strikes a nerve of how ignorant he is and he's still able to talk on mainstream tv...
This must be the part where CNN "loses their live feed"... and their minds.  TRUMP 2020 !
A message To Juan and and his lefty Media and Demonrat party mates...Exodus 7 vs 3 "And I will harden the Juan, Left Media & Dems heart, and mulitply my signd & wonders in the land of USA." These people have gone past the stage where the God of love wants to save them..their end will be their destruction.
Kanye is not crazy! Respect or president! The red wave! 
Push Juan out the window.
"He is being used" he also question the man's intelligence... I think that is very racist, he was strong and independent, I have lost friends because I am a gay republican! I feel you man! but if they can't coexist that is ok... good luck for them...
juan is fake news. lock him up
No Politics.  Just 3 men of good will in a room contributing genuine heartfelt concerns with the intent and desire to truly make America a better place for all Americans. No political games, no political "one-up-manship".
What b.s.  You can see the panel lying so clearly.  If Trump flips on Con-Way tomorrow, they'll throw him in the trash.  Pure fiction, all of it.  Talk about alternative reality.  America is doomed with trumpism.
Juan, he is sooo stupid I think he is faking it.
I don't know, but I understood everything Kanye said!!
Juan, he  is only there to make the democrats and liberals stupid
So its ok for obama to have celebs in the White House all of the time, but with trump he is being an attention whore? Go to bed jaun
im sorry but he sounded like an idiot, you could hear trump patronizing him trump looked embarrassed for him
Please replace JUAN...I can't take it anymore !
Libs need to call Jim Brown a crazy nig-. Jim will beat the shi out of them.
People should watch the video made by Lynn Patton, The Trump family I Know,  She made a video on her own describing her life experiences with the Trump family, Watch & then you will realize that the lies the lame stream media put out about our AWESOME President & his amazing family, Our President is a true American Patriot, And American BADASS, that has put America back on top of here game& the rest of the world realize that fact. Love the President & what he does, Don't change Mr. President, true Patriots approve & appreciate what you are doing to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN 
I love Trump but hate Juan Williams!
I find it funny when the left mocks the right for having celebrities involve themselves politically. Hillary got every celebrity under the sun to endorse her. Hollywood is all liberal. But when one popstar leans right, its "using them as a prop", and "this is damaging to our democracy".
I just dont get the Kanye thing....
0:47 Its true. Hahahaha
Juan is fricken hilariously delusional .  Thank goodness for the forward button
You're the racist Juan, Donald Trump has never been a racist.
Kanye Said do it..
Who can dare claim this :  I pound the POTUS Resolute desk and gets away with it.
I wonder how many of you know one song from Kanye West? Lol
Kanye so impressive smart here. The music industry used to call this guy genious.... well he sound very articulate like another PAC
Hey Juan what did Obama do for the black community. NOTHING!!! SO JUAN NEEDS TO SHUT UP!!
Is Juan on crack?..??
I loved Kanye West Trump meeting.
I feel so sorry for Juan Williams his mental illness shows every time he opens his mouth liberalism is a mental disorder and he has stage 4
I skip the Juan parts. It's like someone saying the sun isn't shining in broad daylight.
Juan Williams has gotten so disingenuous and dishonest. It's really is sad.
Democrats haven't been this upset since they lost the Civil War!
Is that guy ever say anything positive about anything or anyone on this show?
Juan, why don't you go to work for a living?
Juan IS AND WILL ALWAYS BE A SLAVE... since he loves being a slave so leave him the LOYAL SLAVE HE IS.
Let's face the truth, Chicago is a sad and impossible situation with blacks killing each other. I don't know what the solution is, and frankly I don't see one in the near future. We have to admit that we put the police in a very difficult spot when they constantly have to watch their every action, and we're not talking only white police officer but police in general. No matter what, they're always on the losing side.
Lets go have some lunch ..ya man
I don't even understand why that Juan is on this show.  He is so anti trump that he can't even admit the good things.  AND he needs to do some research.  Trump was NEVER RACIST.  That's  a lie from the democrats.  Trump started up the FIRST African American country club and he has employed and helped plenty of African Americans.  Juan is so wrong and blinded by his hatred that I really can't stand to listen to his silly arguments.  He needs to spend some time with the Democrat who wrote the case against impeaching trump.
He might get some wisdom and fair mindedness.
Trump is on his heros journey... you dam rights Kanye...
Amen Kanye good in you off the dem slave camp. Stand up and be a MAN.
If Juan is supposed to infuriate us with his stupidity, then he is doing a great job!  ....
you correctly criticized them for stigmatizing mental illness, and then you diagnose every guest on cnn as being mentally ill... ???  one side is calling kanye bonkers and crazy, which is like the worst thing you can say if you think someone is clinically diagnosed as bipolar and acting irrational, and then the other side sticks up for him but then says all the guests on the other show are mentally ill?!?!
Ive been listening to Kanye since 2003. Im finally inspired to register to vote and wont be voting for the Demoncrats!
Greg Gutfeld, 18 years ago you were fired as EIC of Men's Health for approving a racy girl scout toon, and moved on to an more liberal mag in Stuff Mag UK thereafter. As an intern in '00 at MH I miss the fun-loving guy that used to invite us over to parties in your mini-castle across from Muelenburg College in PA. How long were you in Murdoch's "re-education" chamber?
If trump take these pple to heaven they would still deny him  gomaga
Plz, plz, plz it is time for Juan Williams to go.  He is so disrespectful to your listeners, Greg, Fox News.  Surely it is wrong for your paid commentator to disparage your consumers.  I turn you off now when he comes on.  Just another loyal fan letting you know we tune in to Fox to escape partisan hacks from across the aisle.  Believe me there are other liberals...maybe you can find one that will do more than give the same worn out talking points. My second request.  Plz, plz, plz no more Juan!
Jaun Williams  THANK GOD  someones on that bias panel with enough sense and balls call it what it is f**** buffoonery the White House all of it especially that mango Madman is definitely PT Barnum and the circus Resurrected ! I'm so ashamed of this f**** country can't wait to move out of it and watch its destruction from afar ! This so-called meeting will not stop the police aggression that's in been inflicted upon the African American community on a daily killing our young brothers and sisters whenever they see fit and totally trumped supported does Kanye even have any slightest remorse for that not only has he sold his soul to the devil but he's hugging him right in front of our faces and in front of the cameras someone take this f**** sell out and a "I love me jacket" on him already disgrace 
I didn't even know about stop and frisk until now.
Hey FOX, PLEASE FIRE JUAN WILLIAMS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1   He is a waste of fuckin time, and doesnt belong on this show.  What a dumb ass...lol
Ummm .. get tid of Juan... he has no clue what he just said. 
He just called kanye west an uncle tom WTF 
I wonder if he goes home at night and beats the hell out of himself after viewing this? 
0:42 what Ive been saying since day 1.
I saw this on Mark Dice U-tube channel, unedited or interrupted from C-span.  It was refreshing and most enlightening to hear this sincere, home-spun dialogue.
Donald Trump is a racist because he refused to rent to black people.
Fire juan.. It's pointless..
It is possible he is a lure I would say. If trump actually does something directly towards the black community would be proof Trump's not a racist.
Kanye is such a jackass, but he does make really good points.
THUMB THIS UP IF YOU WANT JUAN WILLIAMS OFF THIS SHOW....
Why are all these celebrities suddenly kissing Trump's ass? It's all a publicity stunt on their part, if you ask me.
Citizen West represents! <3
The stock market is in correction mode but don't panic people. 
It's not going to be as bad as 2008 at the end of Bush presidency and through the next 8 years of the Obama presidency. 
Consumer confidence is high which is good.  If the stock market falls below 4000 then buy BUY BUY BUY because you'll get bargains that will rebound to huge profits.  Withstand the storm because the eye of the hurricane has passed!!!
Juan is such a tool lol
Qanon, Trust The Plan.
Foxnews 
IS THERE ANYTHING THAT JUAN UNDERSTANDS? PLEASE GET THIS DEMOCRAP OFF THIS PANEL.... HE IS WAY TOO ANNOYING...
Legalize and problems disappear .
I wonder if South park will bring up gay fish again now that their season is going on
Hey Juan, someone said you're just "acting" stupid.  I say that you would have to be because no one is that ignorant on purpose.
Why do we need to sleep on it??  Its just two people talking about their ideas about a nation with us watching. Two awesome people with different passions for different reasons and highly different backgrounds, coming together in a very important room. Really?? Last I checked my "Peacefull, Lets Get a Long Meter"  this was a very good thing!!?   Can every one just chill the F* Out. Dam
Is Juan paid to be stupid and play dumb?
All of us together.
Kanye thinks the Earth is flat. 'Nough said.
Kanye took the mic from her again... Taylor who now?
Kanye is the only woke man in usa
Juan please go join "The VIEW" there more your speed.
Another dumb black man smh. Who is this guy on fox?
We've heard of Amezing lucas
Juan, Juan, Juan, the rhetoric is tired. Put a sock in it. It was Kim's idea to go to Trump to seek prisoner release. It was Kanye's idea to go to Trump.
"Artist should stay out of politics"...unless they agree with us. Haha fucken fox news..so usless.
Everybody knows CNN is a Fail Network they lie to America and most of all the corrupt media
Answering Honestly! Has any PODUS...to Include Obama..Bush..or any other..EVER invited UNCENSORED into the Oval Office...putting aside race..a Rap Entertainer to speak their mind..Allow me to answer..NO!  Kanya was able to use any language he wanted...This people in AMERICA is called "FREE SPEECH"(1st Amendment)...Is making statements like..Our PODUS Needs to represent ALL Americans!..Like Kanya said..what I didn't hear Kanya say...ONLY Black need to make America great...I heard him say as an American Black Man what may be sensitive to other "African Americans" such as the word Again....as if to suggest PODUS was talking about the Civil War Instead of other Country's taking advantage of American Citizens...Folks under 20 don't relies Blacks & Whites made up years ago during the Civil Rights Era & in no way wish to go backward! Ignorant rants are allowed in America to say the N Word & Blacks are allowed to Use the H Word...The K word...& even say allowed "THOSE Bitches"..In their Music...As this is called Poetic License & Freedom Of Expression ...Free Speech! By Not using N or H Words...is not because they can't..but rather...just many don't care to act like ignorant Moron Haters...As this too is allowed...Americans live in the Freest Country in the World & a few JUST DON'T Get That! These Americans should travel to other Country's for a day...They may see how nice they have it in America! I blame both Media & Schools today...they are being lied too & they actually believe it! This to me is INSANE!!! Why isn't the Media or Schools held to a higher standard?? They are the ones doing their best to divide folks on party lines...Instead of bringing folks together...Dr. King told the World "I have a Dream"...That Dream came True! Dr. King would be Mortified to see the Youth ..Media & Schools of Today!!!
I think all non-Americans wonder why your president would invite a singer to talk about politics.. Americans must open their eyes
If he don't look good we don't look good lmfao..
He's a Dude with more Guts then anyone at CNN... or SNL....GOD Bless Kayne!
Why is Juan on this conservative show? They can't find a conservative black person? Really? I don't want to here another Liberal. I have too many Liberal choices already.
I love to watch the Left try and find anything they can, to demean and tear down even the most positive people and events, 
They are so predictively bad, that it's almost a game to try and guess where they will take their attacks. 
Kanye meeting up with President Trump like this was so good that it set the tone for even better things to be expected, but all that Dims could hear was a donkey whistle to bray back at.
Ye isnt the worlds biggest popstar lol these guys are waxing philosophical about a guy they barely know anything about. Im gonna go see what black twitter, hot 97, n power 105 got to say
Liberals hate blacks. They attack as soon as they get the chance. As soon as they get the opportunity, you are a stupid negro! You are their slave on welfare or you are the enemy!
LOL MSNBC calling other people crazy...
We already know Trump isn't a racist.  Thanks though token black guy on Fox News.
But it's okay for Obama and Hillary to hang out with celebrities and not use them? But if Trump hangs out with celebrities he's using them? The Democrats are hypocrites and they make no sense.
Hey Juan Two Three token Fox black, Kim West got Trump to have a black woman released from prison after many years of injustice over a very small charge
Gutfeld, you the man... you crack me up... keep up the good work
Dog whistles?......Perhaps they had the volume on their t.v. turned up.
Juan just had to say something negative about West.
Love KanyeLove President TrumpLove GregLove Jim
lets  All  join  together  for  shared prosperity
GOD  BLESS   PRESIDENT   TRUMP 
GOD   BLESS   AMERICA
so does that liberal talking head want no people of color interacting with the president?
Jaun is the worlds biggest virtue signaller
Brilliant that Kayne is the brave hero of America. He gets it! Thank you Kayne.
never  truer words were said 
''if  he don't  look good , we don't look good''
you   attack  the   President of  the  United  States of  America &   the  Whole  Nation suffers  , the  Economy  is  affected ,Trade  is  effected , the  American  People  are effected.

How  wonderful  Mr Kanye  West! 
Bravo !
I always ff through juans nonsense.
Keep draining the swamp. Kanye sucks. If  Trump stays with this bullshit I will not support anymore. Sho boating bullshit, Kanye is a racist.Lets support real America not these fake celebrity politicians.
LOL the 13th Amendment  you mean the amendment that Got ZERO Democrat votes or support and PASSED by the "racist" REPUBLICIANS.... STOP LYING you DISGRACE to the Affluent COMMUNITE!!!!!
So Juan just basically called Kanye the token White House Negro?  What a piece of racist crap.
Gutfeld and friends are even dumber than West. The stupid meter has been obliterated by these morons.
I hate this black guy on FOX. I don't hate black people. I hate white Hillary. I don't hate white people.
This moment in history has the hallmarks of an awakening -- it's bizarre; it's chaotic, and it's as terrifying as it is awe-inspiring.
Juan you are really an idiot! Go 2 CNN!
Juan is the token black!! Lmao at him,, always!! Kanye was awesome!! Red Wave Coming!!
Kanye is building bridges, not divisions and hate! God bless Kanye West!
JUAN IS SUCH A JACKASS... THIS GUY IS MENTALLY ILL.... WHAT A TWISTED MINDSET!!!!!!! TRULY DECEIVED LIBERAL FOOL!!!!!!!!!!
Keep Juan on the show now won't you ... Karl Marx would vote Republican after listening to him.
They are not "Black People" they are PEOPLE.    Stop using a color to discribe someone.  We created racisim this way.  Just use there name and be respectful.
Pure idiocy
Juan you are the token black guy on fox if you want to be held with any serious note lol
Juan is just an embarrassment. His job is literally to just disagree with the rational point, at all costs.
If Trump brings Kaepernick,  the left will just say he is only half black. The left will only talk hate and negativity.
Why does everyone say the same thing about Juan?
Juan's gotta go
This is amazing. This cant be real. Did 2016 really happen?
I see Juan got fresh batteries before the show. Dude was practically spitting.
Well said Waters
Bill Clinton is a rapist. Dr Ford is a fraud. Juan is a babbling moron and liberals need to get a job other than being a "journalist" or starving "artist". Morons. I see kanyes peers, other "rappers" and they are flipping out on him. Why u ask? They haven't a clue either.
Never thought I would say that but Kanye is just proving himself to be a leader.
Oh Please Juan! Barack and Michelle were up the asses of JayZ and Beyonce and vice versa!
Juan is just bald face liar. Yet again omitting facts to fit his narrative. Does he forget how many rappers Obama invited to the White House? And what was the medias and lefts reaction then?
I think POTUS was for the first time speechless
I have to go take a big Juan.
Polls show only about 10-15% of blacks approve of the orange baboon.
Juan is another gay layer tougher with lemon and Chris from CNN
Kayne West is the man. Kanye exposes the UN Democratic UN Free attitude among Black Americans. Anyone can be in the hood if you support what the majority supports but people will violently attack you if you are a Trump Supporter or a Republican. Hello Black People. You're are Christians and Muslims. You should be a Conservative because Conservatives follow the Bible. Islam and Judaism are pretty similar to Christianity so get in with the Right party literally.
Can ya'll just fire Juan?
Please.
Juan is placed in there for balance the fox's conservative views. Unlike fake CNN
Kanye West and Taylor Swift at odds yet again. Ayo Taylor, Imma let you finish but Trump has once of the greatest presidencies of ALL TIME
Why do you have Juan in this group... why do you need such a shut down liberal to always waste time. He is too far left, its ridiculous and hard to watch at times. I guess this is a way to CONSTANTLY show how determined the liberals are to their side.... to be negative.... I dont know what Juan is getting out it, maybe extra pay from George Soros
Kanye has a lot more balls than all of the leftist liberals put together in America. Hes not a follower despite his unorthodox delivery. This man doesnt have anything to lose like The president. They do it because they actually believe in something. They think for themselves. That is the enemy of the left someone they cannot control.
Who is the all about "race" BLACK man on this panel, can nothing in you country not be about RACE, well can it? a question from the man downunder
Yep, Bill Clinton respected the office. Lol NOT
Left is going crazy when a man think for himself.
EARLY VOTINGBEGINS 10-22-2018! Voting early prevents long lines and you may update your voter's registration information at that time too. Voting GOP all the way down your ticket, will enable President Trump's MAGA and KAG agendas to pass thru House and Senate, without gridlock and without much delay. IF YOU ARE NOT TIRED OF WINNING, VOTE GOP, ALL THE WAY, 10-22-2018! LET'S MAKE THE RED TSUNAMI HAPPEN 10-22-2018!
That scumbag Juan he is a real DEMON  RAT OUT OF THE SEWER HE SAID IT WAS NOT DIGNIFIED LET ME REMIND YOU WHAT THE RAPIST CLINTON DID  IN OVAL OFFICE WITH THAT  YOUNG WOMAN AND THE BLUE DRESS !!!!!!!!!! How DISGUSTING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
But they DO come from a$$ holes countries Juan! It is not a Racist comment if it's the plain truth.
RED WAVE!!!!
thanks Fox: once again you dropped it with Juan.............
Pax Christi
Kanye is a whack-a-doodle! What a waste of the Presidents time. Always pushing for the BLACKS! Next...!!
Black and white unite. We are all in this together. MAGA
Bill Clinton really brought a lot of respect to the White House...REALLY JUAN? IS ANYONE BUYING HIS STUPID RHETORIC? GO PRESIDENT TRUMP, CONTINUE TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT & SAVE WESTERN CIVILISATION FROM RUIN.
BWHAHAHAHA CNN crying about an assault on the White House hahahahahaha
Kanye is on fire.
"The talking Negro..."? Hmmm, if I would say that I'd be arrested.
Say what you want, Kanye is pretty fearless and speaks his mind.
I am an old white grandmother, and I love Kanye. Do wish he would stop cursing in his music. Just sayin.
The alt left is dog whistling to eachother to rise up discredit Kanye by calling him "crazy"
At least Trump admitted he is willing to listen to Kanye and try anything to fix Chicago. Hillary's fix was calling black men super predators and put them all in jail.
Juan, race baiter extraordinare.
An epic event,  Ye is on the right side of history!
the blacks have been brought to yankee land to pick cotton.an honourable profession. wtf went wrong.
Shut this Juan off by Pete's sake. What an idiot.
Obama had Rick Ross (Beep..beep), Nikki Minaj, Jay Z .. CAIR.. Muslim Brotherhood.. and every other idiot douchebag in the 8yrs he had his feet up on the Oval Office desk while he did nothing but golf and campaign. Here's a fun survey:  go to "black" communities and neighborhoods and ask how many "black families & individuals" could actually afford his crappy obamacare premiums, and ask how they felt about being "fined" at tax time for NOT purchasing it. 
The left's upside down brain doesn't want more jobs, they want more welfare
What is happening?
If Tupac were alive he would be right in there with Kanye. He despised the way the left exploited black Americans.
Puppy leg humping.
Juan calls Kanye a prop???? Well what are the Matt Damons, George Clooneys,  Katy Perrys, Robert De Niros of the world???? Theyre not props??? Foh Juan.
KANYE IS DISMANTLING THE DEEP STATE. KEEP PUSHING, KANYE. WWG1GA
I just want America to b chill again
I think this is very positive. The demoncraps of course don't like it because it's good for America and contributes to MAGA. Demoncraps slogan KAD (keep America down)
A lot of people have been saying it better than Kanye just did for years, but never given this much attention. Many on YouTube now who are being harassed by social media moguls, still have yet to get a phone call from the white house. Like "The Red Elephants" channel, "Know More News", "Poseidon", etc. Much more information/knowledge from these people than Kanye. Rich people are not feeling the crush of the leftist policies like us regular blue collar American citizens. 
I honestly have grown to hate Juan. He is a moron.
SHUT UP JUAN! Stop playing the racist card game jeez.
"There's Black people.. then there's Ni66as."  (-Chris Rock) Talking point: There seems to be a whola lotta "ni66as" hating on the real Black men that are trying to help their people. Get the hell over the race card.
Summit? Is this a joke? That rapper is not a head of state.
Kanye Wayne and Trump are Geniuses .
Love is red, yellow, black, white, babies, puppies! "Love is US "!
DEMS. lmffaoooo
wait for it ... wait for it ... wait for it ... there you go ... juan makes dumbass comments.
This show is amazing I love it!
There's nothing crazy about Kanye West everything he said was on point...
Juan let me duck tape your mouth closed your a racist go whine with the Demorats where you belong 
Poor America being fed lies by CNN, We in England suffer the bias of the BBC ime 67 with maybe 25 yrs left I'll be glad that I won't be here for these wooly minded Libs
Kanya Think For Yourselves ! Great Job Superman!
Here is what happens when 2 possessed people with mental problems get together.
Juan has full blown TDS! Why is he not on CNN?
Why try? It is so much easier to tear them and it all down. God forbid someone tries to work WITH someone rather AGAINST. Cause we all know - Only the self righteous deserve to rule the country.
------------------------------------------------2:46
Go Kanye. Proud of you. 
Crush them on 11/06/18 
Trump 2020! 
Juan Williams needs to be sacked. If Trump found a cure for cancer, Juan would say that he ignoring people with heart disease. fox need to get rid of this democratic talking head.
Kanye West just got his ghetto pass revoked.
Good job Kanye
Will KIM start to get a distaste for the left because of the way they are treating her husband?
Fox should fire Juan... his low IQ bs is a waste of our time, like Colmes' was a waste of our time
Fire Juan, Ive had enough!
All these NPC's need a reformat
I would love to slap Juan in the face
Awesome!!!! MAGA
Kanye likes fishdicks. He's a gay fish.
Trump loved  it, because Kanye got to say the two words that he cant say at a rally!!!!

Don lemon was the best today, I think he cried once
This s dangerous event for Muslim Brotherhood.., not a script they want to see happen
Juan, hes one of us man. You will never understand what happens when real people talk, fake ass bitches on the Dem side will never get it.
Kanye is in the White House and Don Lemon is over at CNN crying his a** off. He said he had to turn off the TV when he saw this. The real reason he turned is off is ENVY. FAKE NEWS DON LEMON WILL NEVER SIT IN FRONT OF THE PRESIDENT of the USA! No matter who is president.
When Juan opens his mouth I tune out.
Please take Juan off the show .  He is a disgusting LIER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
So what is wrong of Kanye freedom of speech? Why is this big? People are dying, people are starving. He sees it. Why dont you? Why dont u see the true America . Why dont u help
Fire that asshole juan Williams
That was great, off the cuff Kanye rocks the White House, rocked the country too.
Juan is a fraud, he raised conservative kids and just playing a role for a job.
When I was growing up, "prejudice" was the watchword.  You were called Prejudiced.  To pre-judge.  Juan, your prejudiced.  You have opinions, and then your prejudice rages.  You are blind to your own, but  condemn others,
Juan is what happens when Negroes don't read
Either way Trump gave him a good hand shake. Check it out
Juan Wms. lets be honest you are suffering with T D S.
Kanye and Henry Cavill should meet then :D
Kanye look like Roscoe from Martin....
Juan Williams is suffering with TDS, TRUMP DERANGED SYNDROME.
Kanye West is an inspiration considering his past battles he has overcome and succeeded Tanya has made impossible look positively possible. I liked his approach with President Donald Trump it was really brave. Kanye has made risk taking look good when your heart and soul is all there and he has definitely shown that he has the ability to think for himself  the democrats have to hate that and he has done it all in a way that has not alienated anyone at the White House  God bless you Kanye West.
That wasnt crazy. I thought it was going to be insane but he was brilliant. Wow Im impressed.
Juan Williams is trash
Kanye's maga hat looks like they ran it over. Wrinkly and flat.
Juan is Juan Stupid Idiot.
Juan is a douche
WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED TO JUAN WILLAMS! Juan has changed & I totally lost respect towards him.
Kanye is dumb. Foreals. He shouldve spoken from heart.
Thats what i thought!!!! Im RITE!!!! KEEP FLAGING ME, I WILL BE HEARD!!!! AND THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN MY VIBRATION AND THE ONES OF LOWER VIBRATION IS. I SEE THE BULLSHIT AND IM RITE
Um! This was weird !  Called him Trump instead of MR Trump or president .  You just dont talk to the president that way !  Wow I almost cringe watching this
The only reason Steve harvey didnt end up in doing anything with trump is you and all your Dem homies who tarres and feathered  Harvey for going in the first place you bafoon!
Then you chastise trump for getting nothing done as a result of meeting with Harvey. 
You are f-ing insane!
Kanye is not doing well mentally. That's obvious with his pointless ramblings.
Juan sux
F*** you Juan Williams
According to Juan, if Trump would have only white guys visiting him, Trump would be racist.  If he has black guys visiting him, he is just trying to show he's not racist.  I didn't listen to the rest of Juan's talk because he's a one-track Trump hater.
Can't stand Juan Williams.  He ruins any productive discussion.  He is definitely a CNN plant.
I love it Kanye is fired up, please dont curse though Kanye 
FYI Stop&Frisk is not a Federal level issued mandate, it strictly rests on the municipality who forces the Police to do it. Totally not the President's job, talk to your local Mayor people.
Kanye is a good man.
Im sorry unemployment was at a lower decrease under obama stock market just hit a 2 yr low
LOL!!! Clinton gets a bj in the Oval Office and Juan is worried about "language"  lol!!
kanye is a good man, i love him, and his heart and loyalty is in the right place, kanye will always have a home with me no matter what.
Someone put a muzzle on Juans dumb ass
Is it just me or are all the radical left not just acting alike but looking alike too?  They need them in Hollyweird to play an easy part... Zombies.  Just watch them, they're all zombies! If you silence Maxine & just watch her...Zombie!!
What the hell has ANY OF THOSE HATERS DO TO HELP THE BLACK COMMUNITY EXCEPT ATTACK AND MOCK ONE OF THE MEN BRAVE ENOUGH TO DO SOMETHING TO ACTUALLY FIX THESE PROBLEMS!!
MAYBE THEY SHOULD SHUT THE HELL UP,  GET OFF THEIR ASSES AND START BEHAVING LIKE ADULTS AND WORKING WITH PEOPLE- EVEN THOSE YOU DESPISE- IT'S WHAT'S GOOD FOR THE COUNTRY!!! THAT'S WHAT TRUE HEROES DO!!! THEY ROLL UP THEIR SLEEVES AND GET THE JOB DONE!!! 
SERIOUSLY JUAN- PLEASE SHUT THE HELL UP!!! THEY CAN SAY WHATEVER THE HELL THEY WANT AS LONG AS THEY'RE GETTING THE WORK DONE- UNLIKE YOU- YOU'RE DOING NOTHING TO HELP ANYONE EXCEPT YOURSELF!!! THAT'S PATHETIC, SELFISH AND WEAK!!!
Remember: Juan MUST attempt to refute everything that perfectly illustrates the failures of Liberalism. Otherwise, he'll be out of a job with FOX.
KW speaks the truth and is a free thinking American. 
LOL...This is real?
Kanye is light years ahead of the media, leftist whites, and blacks on the plantation. Hes anticipating a cultural movement where, years from now, people will be reflecting back on it as part of a momentous cultural shift. These are two powerful, wealthy, successful men getting together to bridge divides and sole problems
Dragon Energy!
I'm in the middle of the video and haven't finished it yet, but I'll lay odds that Juan has something stupid to say... Stand by...
Kanye is a real American, good for you Kanye... understand that your country is your country, and the people in it are your brothers and sisters, under our mother flag and our father the defense of this country and all of it's inhabitans.
Juan is a zombie...
Stop and frisk works
Juan is FOX token prop...
Juan Williams is such a fool.
Liberals are the real racists
I pray for Kanye.  Democratic mob is crazy. Take care of yourself, please.
Lol juan says Kanye should not be in that office and he was disrespectful, but he must of forgot when obama had rappers there more than once, why is the left the most hypocritical to this and ignorant to their previous behavior
Juan Williams is heavily employed  under Harry Kissinger & George Soros the CEOs of the NWO thats why hes still with Fox Five to Try & keep FOX Five dysfunctional why do U think Kimberley Left FOX five because she got sick of Juans Anti-America BS   !!!!!
I had to turn the video off as soon as the turds began rolling off Juan's lying tongue.
Love your show but as soon as that black asshole opens his mouth, he turns me off. Not a racist bone in my body. That guy is a jerk.
They said he was an uncle tom but Kanye, is a free man and a free thinker, he can choose for himself, and no propaganda and no social pressure can force him to do what he doesn't want himself to do.
Trump played the Democrats/Left bigly!!  He turned them into exactly what they accused him of being two years ago.
,Juan Williams is negative energy. he will never be happy.
I don't know any other President who is really trying to do more for African Americans in this country.
Pathetic.... Juan wouldnt have a job if blacks left the liberal Democrat plantation.   MAGA.    WWG1WGA
in Juan ear and out the other
That other guy needs to go to CNN
Juan Williams couldn't see good in ANYTHING, even if you shot at him with it and he sees it coming at him straight between his eyes, and it hits him in the head!!
DUH Juan, the epitome of a F'kn MORON!
You are ridiculous Juan...  and I love you Kanye... You have done so much to unit this great nation...
Juan was quick to give Dr. Ford the benefit of doubt.  Oh yeah, he's a leftist scum.
Why doesnt Fox executives call Juan into a corner and ask him to stop with his racist remarks? Every time this guy opens his mouth racism comes out. Enough is enough! Maybe, it is lack of intellect, the sole reason for his constant outrageous remarks about race. His presence is not projecting a balanced view for Fox, but his remarks are unproductive and offensive. If Fox wants to project a balanced view hire someone that is intelligent and that doesnt have to color every opinion to match the color of his skin.
Juan Williams makes reverse peristalsis set in when I hear his voice.
Yes! Most important thing was said in the end: "When you have peace and prosperity you can deal with these things." That's the whole point. Peace and prosperity are the necessary ingredients.
jaun tha race baiter
Dims cant handle a black man they dont own!
Thank you Kanye, very cool!
"If trump meets with black leaders, its because he's trying to hide his racism."
Why on earth can't you touch on the 13th amendment? It contains a blatant loophole for prison slavery - which is what has been happening for decades.
poor Dana can't say anything about President Trump without using a negative adjective. I like her less and less every time she opens her mouth.
You can tell who is racist just by the way they down anything having to do with helping people especially when Trump is trying to help the black community. He wants Kanye to tell him what he thinks on how to help black folks. Trump is trying unlike previous administrations! Trump actually cares and that really kills the democrats or the Left! They can't stand that the black community is starting to figure out that Trump isn't just another lying ass politician who makes promises and never keeps any of them. Black unemployment is down to a historical low and working class black folks are waking up and really starting to understand and will now back Trump! The left is scrambling to come up with any lie or just anything to derail Trump's popularity with black voters but black voters see that Trump is a man of his word and this is why you will see the difference in 2020 when Trump is reelected because he will receive a hell of a lot more of the black vote!!!!
I think is a beautiful thing to see black and white come together as one.
Dana is too dumb
more blacks working than ever oh yeah trump is racist?
When Juan opened his mouth, I had to mute his usual nonsensical dribble.
LEAVE KANYE ALONE!
PEDOPHILES THEY SAY STICK TOGETHER......THERE U GO TRUMP AND KAYE 2 VERY WELL ....KNOWN PEDOS
Jaun has a slave mentality .He has to keep picking massers cotton even though democrats lost civil war and republicans freed him
Juan is a sad disgusting human being.
What do people get paid for lying and talking shiz about Trump? Is the job actually worth being an idiot on national tv? It must pay dang well making violent non-thinking people believe all that stuff that CNN and MSNBC are selling those people that live in a bubble. Thinking people are pissed about how non-thinking people are being misled. Pissed!
I thought Rod Serling was about to appear announcing this week's episode of the twilight zone..
An assault on the White House?  Thats low.
Juan needs to go.  Hes crazy.
forget rational conversation with juan. when you hate someone you tend to say negative all the time
Independence makes people strong 
CNN, really?  From the network fighting a class action lawsuit for discrimination?  Wow, great choice of words, CNN.
Kanye is perhaps a little manic, but he is a very creative person and that type usually is a little eccentric. Even though he is being ridiculed by so many haters, he is trying to bring people together and make peace!  "Blessed are the peacemakers, for they will be called children of God." ~Matthew5:9
Kanye is taking a huge risk. Why? For more attention, money, fame? Doubt it. He had PLENTY of those already. Trump took a huge risk becoming the POTUS. Why? More money, fame, attention,etc.? Again, doubt it. He had those, pardon the irony, IN SPADES. So why? The same common goal. Only to help others get a better life. But the left doesn't want that. The left hates having the biggest middle class in the history of the world. They want only peasants and kings.
Seriously, this is what America now is now.  The empire is dead. Done.
It was the most momentous moment this year. President Donald Trump a very very good listening. What a pitty mr.williams is peeing on every once bonfire. Silly man he is too old to be and say and criticise like this. I really do not like Juan williams
TRUMPS Like WTF!!!!
Douches of a feather, fly together
Mr. Williams and the other network black pundits have their degrees and their approved white jobs (and high salarys) by going along with the destructive Democrat chant of blame the white man.  Kanye spoke disjointedly because the truth of men in this country is too awful for it to be admitted openly. Kanye even said it. That Trump has shown men the way to take back their place in our society. Inspiring for all but the willfully blind.
It is way too bad that Juan feels the need to ALWAYS knee-jerk a negative reaction to everything that President Trump does.  There is no way to respect this attitude.
cnn sucks.
Kanye West suffering  mental problems
REAL MEN BREAKING CHAINS. If strong leaders are reduced to weak readers (think: Obamas TelePrompTer) WHO IS WRITING THEIR SCRIPTS?
Super awesome, Kanye. To Juan, as Kanye said  he went to see Trump because he was grateful to him for what he has done for the black, getting job for them to live a better life and making America great again  like a superman (Obama DIDN'T do it for them.). Don't you feel grateful for that, Juan?I ask because you are also an American.
Juan who made a disgusting mistake. You should be taking this opportunity to jump in with Kanye. This proves the Left isnt about helping black Americans. Democraps are done in this country buh bye
I bet that motherfucker says motherfucker all the motherfucking time.
Juan's ideological feces and urine just mess up the water.
Trump takes advantage of black mans mental illness. Were supposed to believe this black man is some sort of black representative? Were supposed to praise Trump for having black friends, who happen to be celebrities? Were idiots?
Juan needs to go work for CNN.. please go please
I'm starting to think Juan is a complete idiot or a race baiter.
Plus, I believe that Kanye West had it right about the 13th Amendment because if blacks are citizens then it's illegal to enslave them anyway, so the 13th Amendment isn't (just read rest of the Constitution it becomes self evidence) necessary to give blacks freedom it was theirs naturally as Citizens. Including White's and other that were slave's too!
I could've of sworn there was a time when Juan wasn't a leftist hack.
THE LEFT MOB ARE SICK
Juan Williams doesn't have the hatred required to be a Democrat. He should stop kissing up to them.
Men in general, and black men specifically have been dismissed by the uprising of angry, deranged man-Hating women posing as feminists. The truth is THE WORLD needs STRONG MEN. Trump and Kanye are AUTHENTIC and PASSIONATE. Hence, the force is with these Alpha Males.
Juan is definitely not inspirational.  He is negativity personified.  As long as his belief system is at risk of exposure because of its hindrance to toleration of any other beliefs, he remains rigidly entrenched in that system.  How sad that he does not even make an effort to admit that he may not be correct all the time.
I like Kanye and he is certainly like a tornado. I think Kanye could tone it down on the alternate universe stuff cuz were not physics majors.
Raw it was....in a gangsta kinda way...
What a marvelous Sharing from the heart talk to the people who support President Trump!!!! Kanye you stole the show Brother !!! God Bless You !!!
Live by the Kanye, die by the Kanye. Get the celebrities out of the White House already.
How about West attempting to wake up the African Americans and realize that the Democrats have been detrimental to progress for their demographic segment of our country and this is written history!!!!!
The Democrats founded the KKK!!! However the Democrats call the Republicans (And true PATRIOTS), Racist and Nazis???? 
Lets not forget the Democrats also styffeled the first two attempts at EQUAL RIGHTS LEGISLATION!!!!! 
I DON'T GET IT!!!! HOW CAN A RACE OF PEOPLE SUPPORT A PARTY THAT HAS BEEN SECRETLY SCREWING THEM FOR YEARS?????
WAKE UP AMERICANS, OUR LIBERTY AND FREEDOM  IS  ON THE LINE!!!!
I Can't wait for the arrests to begin!!
Trump has Guantanamo all polished and shiny with new fences and high quality razor wire...maybe even electrified!!!!!
Trump should re-name the base ....
WELCOME TO THE DEEP STATE HOTEL!!!! THE LATEST TRUMP RESORT!!!
You have the choice of coming to a positive or a negative conclusion. I choose to see the positives. It was a great look!
Just don't forget to pray for Kanye, for his safety.   He just made a lot of enemies. 
Its the pills he's popping that makes him feel like superman.lmao
Juan = enslaved mind.
Juan Williams is so ANNOYING, once he starts talking, thats when I watch something else.
SHUT UP JUAN! YOUR A MORON!
juanie williams belongs in Diamond and Silk's Bowl of Stupid!
The only thing that is missing  IA a straight jacket, maybe two. What a circus.
Mr west,very smart,and brave two thumbs up,this is what we need,unity,we know you don't understand just,your a dem
Kayne thinks I'm his DADDY MAGA! Meanwhile the DOW dropped 1400 points in two days and Ford is announcing massive layoffs after Losing $1 Billion to MY Trade Tariffs. SO MUCH WINNING! MAGA! MAGA! MAGA!
If he met with Kim Jong Un, he can meet with Colin Kaepernick
Hey, Juan Williams! Youre DUMBER than a box of bricks. SHUT UP!! JUST SHUT UP!!!
Who was the suppository on MSNBC?
Ok 
Come on, Juan, you make less sense than Kanye most of the time.
Look at my African American over here
Juan cracks me up. Reverence for the Presidents Office? Bill and Monica were doing it on the Oval Office desk.
Juan looks like a white guy with a painted blackface
Someone pull out a take from 2012 0r during the obama years when Juan williams complained about Jay Z a fromer drug dealer and his wofe at the white house....I WILL WAIT
Fox viewers are idiots. But great work by the fox editing department snipping out all the unhinged, deranged, and insane bits. There is nothing stupider than a FOX viewer.
Juan is a very intelligent man but has been so brainwashed by his party he no longer see any good in good. Sorry Juan your bittered party has 6 more years of this bitter pill from Trump.
This is happening by the tens of thousands... It is just the bullying by the left that keeps quiet, all the people who are switching sides from Democratic to Republicans.  The Left is going to have this small little island all alone off the coast of the real world that is the mainstream culture of America!
Juan Williams the liberal commentator you so backward its anblivable what did you do Juan Williams in your life
Juan Williams on the five.... because every village must have its idiot..
YONDHI by Yon World  on Apple Music and Spotify OUT NOW
Thanks Kenye West President Donald Trump and Jimm its beautiful let the DemocRATS go to hell.
I only watch the 5 cause of juan
The fact Dems don't debate,  like Sharice Davis bailed out on Kevin Yoder,  proves they don't have one good idea to present. They HAVE to lie because they are fales
Regardless of what you think about the current state of politics; THIS THE BEST TIMELINE EVER!
 Kanye West:  Smart man!  VERY SMART!!!  Im at the pub drinking beer  and throwing ice all over the place  MAGA!!! 
Juam is so brilliant
Leftist media and the  DemonRats  must demonize Kanye because they FEAR to lose the black vote .... ;)
SURREAL
Hahahaha, you can't make this stuff up!  Wow, I'm embarrassed for trump.
African brothers at home with their dads .. America at its greatest!!
What I see is an a** whenever Juan opens his mouth. Should have had Judge Jeanine she's good at putting Juan in is place.
Juan Williams is a prop and the village idiot
Fact: Kayne West (R) is Winning!
Kanye West is a brave independent man! Maybe I'll put another ear to his music
Wish Kanye stopped his f bomb in front of President Trump, it was lack of class.
Juan is an asshole who just can't see a good thing. What a POS!
Im too white for this Bullsh!t
Get rid of Juan - I don't want to watch Juan for a moment.
If he starts up again, I am turning  this off .....that's  it - bye bye
Ben Carson......Juan!
jaun you're a cuck racist go F- yourself!
What a incredible summit! So much accomplished here it makes my head spin! Maybe Kyanne will snort another 8 ball soon!
Al Sharpton & Jesse Jackson might learn something
Wtf?
Why Jain ? Why ?
Time for a remake of the movie Dumb and Dumber. Call it Dumb, Dumber and Dumbass. Juan can play the new guy.
Kanye West reminds me of Dennis Rodman, both march to the beat of their own drum.
IS THAT OMARASA NEXT TO KANYE???????
If President Trump was really a racist you better believe Kanye West would say it to his face!!!
My stomach just turned upside down..thought it was food poisoning but it was Juan..his face looks worse than the sh*t coming out his mouth!!! Fox please send that prick to CNN aka Clowns Not News!!!
Great. Start with Kanye and Trump and Ivanka's products. All made in China.
I can't believe how racist the liberals are.
Juan is a hater...calls himself a Christian.....phony!
Absolutely ridiculous from KW our president has to be the Fly fn idiot. U just looked like a fool. Cool for u to be there & waste President Trumps time. Absolute waste of my time to watch this.    Raw talent?? Fn idiots.    Make AMERICA  great, not make us look like fools
I just can't understand how the black community is ok with the Democrats telling them what they are "allowed" to say.  Doesn't it feel like enslavement all over again?  Isn't it the lefties telling them what to think and who they are "allowed" to talk to?  Boggles the mind. smh
New king of cringe  
I'm so tired of Juan.  Do we really have to keep listening to his mess?
People are tired of Democrat's threatening people... who simply disagree with them. Democrat's really are the true fascist's.
Elvis met up Nixon in the Oval Office...so what?
Thank you you guys are the first ones to say how powerful this was I appreciate you guys
Rather if we agree with Juan or not hes always have a good point and I actually respect him and Fox News for having him unlike other networks that have more homogeneous platform like Kirk Lazarus sorry Don Lemon
Yes, Kanye was inspirational. How many people are able to be in the Oval Office and talk for 10:or 15 minutes. He had a total grasp of what he was saying.
Juan plays the best heel man. Hes so smooth about it!!!! His spin is fantastic.
Praying on the mentally ill is just terrible
The African American community have been voting Democrat for over 50 yrs!!!! And what do they have to show for it??? We're still talking about racism.
Juan Williams the race pimp just like sharpton and Jackson!
does anyone one  sees that Juan is not the only one that is a 'CNN agent' in that panel?  and isn't she (the CNN fool)  'culturally appropriating'?
Whoever has economic prosperity now, enjoy. I don't have it. But next year irs and state tax depts will gouge us out. Stop taxes on income.
Taylor Swift, what is she doing in politics?  Kayne West, the model spokes person for politics.
Kanye speaks from and lives from his heart. So rare and beautiful. Love that Trump listened and seemed very tuned in.
Trump keeps on winning!
Kayne 2020
Aaahahaha.
Respect the White House?  With all the leftist communist "celebrities" that paraded out of the obutthead White House they got nothing....good for the goose(obitthead) is good for the gander (trump)  sucks when elections have consequences
Juan Williams is a smart man, even smart people get it wrong.
Trump will help Kanye in chicago, and in all states .. Trump will throw the tools at chicago 
to get it done
Thank you Kanye for bringing it to the front of his mountain of agendas, and he will do something and anyone who says differently has not been paying attention the last 2 years
Attention FOXNews;
Juan Williams is a racist and needs to be ejected from the five...
We can no longer tolerate his racist separation of peoples attitude...
if he cannot get on the same program as the rest of the country is trying to do and own?the reality that change starts from the top got this man is disgraceful..., and you cannot get any closer to the top then inside the oval office with the president of the United States Mr. Donald J Trump...

we the people have had enough... Get rid Juan Williams, He is a racist and is targeting racist behavior will bring down Fox News...!

Please send like if you agree... support America

Mr. Williams needs to apologize to America for his racist behavior period...! End of statement
Token Negro? What about Diamond and Silk? Jim Brown? etc.?
I was so touched and awed by Kanyes speech. He was brilliant. He totally understands what is happening in this country. I loved how Trump allowed him to just express himself. Kanye is so genuine and well meaning..,,,,
I like Jedidiah on the Five Fox just needs to hire her for Kimberlys spot they mesh well together
There should be some sort of dress code for the photographers.
DEPLORABLE DEMS!!! THANK YOU KANYE!!!
They are all just jealous that Kanye is a friend if Trump and can go into the Oval Office.
Kanye is GREAT! He sees it.
Juan, the teen from Parkland went to White House with weird ideas.
Kanye has been and still is insane.
That woman in the blue is nice looking.
Kenya has changed. I remember the Taylor Swift Grammy situation and I thought he was a a-hole! He was drinking so I feel that had something to do with that night. But now hes making sense. Its a shame that not more people are listening to him.   Never thought Id be saying that. Lol. But its so true!
Trump Trump Trump
You know one of these days a White Man will actually  be friends with a Black Man in the eyes of the left. For now though it seems like a impossibility. The whole (He's  friends with a black guy so he can say he has a token black friend) shtick is the status qoue. Ppl are acting like Kayne isn't mutually  getting free publicity. Trump won his Presidency when 85% of the media hated his guts. If it worked for Trump why wouldn't  it work for Kayne?
The fact that Democrats demand black people must do and say what the demonrats want them to say illustrates Democrats think they own the black community!
Leave it to Jaun, take a walk over to CNN.
Imagine Fox if it was Obama sat across from Kanye in the Oval Office, whilst he shouted MOTHERFUCKER?! 
Hes deadass gonna lose some fans 
YOU LOSE JUAN EVERY TIME YOU SPEAK IN A NEGATIVE TONE AND THAT'S NOT RIGHT....
Who is to decide what mental illness is? Oh, the nazis did. Nazis killed mentally ill, the disabled, gays, Catholics, religious and others. Just like the liberals despise unborn, elderly, gays (yes liberals support Islam who will not be tolerant of gays), ill, Catholics, etc.
Juan...Time to retire
Is this reality?
I have a money problem. What's with the "everybody's rich" jazz? I'm fricken jobless & homeless.
Uh oh how dare Kayne come off the Democrat plantation to think and speak for himself! How DARE HE!!! 
I can't watch TV any more. The real world is much more entertaining
Juan meanwhile, kappernick is doing God's work on his knees.
Juan is a wet blanket-only adding negative. Must we endure?
Juan is dependable ,always a JUAD.
Steve Harvey was threatened by his wealth and by Hollywood that if he had anything to do with trump that they would end his career not to mention his life...
Love Kanye, Love Trump! Favorite Artist, Favorite President EVER!
 Juan, cut back on the make-up hombre! 
Every person of fame want's to be in politics now.. Celebrities need to stay out of politics  , Hollywood and Music awards now all about trashing politics .. FK even sports... Sick of it.. Trump don't need your Help. He's got this West..
MSNBC YALL ARE CRAZIEST!!!!!!!$
Get Juan dumb speaker out negativity!!!
The liberals are trying to make this all about mental illness...yet many celebs have severe phobias or depression.
Holy crap Juan WOW
Trump Kanye 2020
The MSM has no respect for the President. Remember the ppl vote him. If u disrespectful to the President, you are enemy of the ppl.
Juan can suck a big FAT one, go to the Clown News Network you nincompoop!
Juan, STFU
Only if Obama had a son like Kanye! !!! Lol... I love this man. He sees and speaks the truth and will lead the march off the Democrat plantation.  Love you Kanye
K is tired of all this Races Lie is not working!!!!
Wow, this event is bigger than I realized. Amazing that Juan wouldn't dare praise Kanye arguing against stop/frisk in front of the president. Low.
Kevin is trying to get his clothing line up
PATRIOTS...Our nation is being overrun by crazies Democrats/Lefties/Socialists/Demonic/Inhuman creatures.
You must get out and vote for Conservatives/Republicans next elections November 6, 2018. 
LATINOS 1000% FOR TRUMP 2020
Kanye. GOD BLESS YOU MAN!
Go to CNN Juan
Good leaders talk with the people that have first hand experience which is what Trump has been doing. I know he acts like a know it all but in reality he knows that he has a lot to learn to solve problems in America.
Juan is a jerk off!
Uncle Kanye you are a true Patriot in my eyes
i really do hope this opens the eyes of everyone but more so black people for now. You have a black man in the white house talking to the president and you have liberals and democrats shooting that black man down.
Somebody give Juan Williams a banana maybe it will shut the little monkey up. 
juan go back to blowing obama......
The economy is going to crash. Stop bullshittin
The economic recovery has been steady pace sense the crash in 2008. Just do a little research people. For all the Fox viewing lay people, that means Trump can't take credit for the economic recovery. Policy changes take time to have an accumulative effect.... oh, accumulative means that change or effect grows over time. Google "2008 economic recovery statistics" These people are corporate tools trying to convince you to vote against your own self interest. Sorry that you've been had.. but,.. you've been had. Wake up!
The black talking heads on CNN were calling Kanye an Uncle Tom, a house n****r.  Disgusting.
These poor leftist propagandists on the liberal media are swallowing their own tongues as Trump keeps winning.
American hero not token negro!
Fan for life!
Truth CNN truth.
Try it sometime.
Poverty pimp's you are on notice. Lead follow or get out of the way!
Hey Juan..... Remember jay z with Obama?
WE LOVE YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP
It was an assault on the President's desk. I thought Kanye was gonna snap off a piece of it.
Did Juan just compare Ye saying motherfucker  in the Oval Office, with Bill Clinton Being an internfucker in the Oval Office?
Hey Juan your hero Obama used to sit around with his feet on the resolute desk
Jaun needs to get in touch with reality, he's out there, maybe he should go back and watch the show to see what an ass he is.
Kanye speaking the truth! 
Juan is a silly negro
Juan needs a kick in the dam balls he doesn't have.. typical Rat..
Shout out to Juan!!! Hes calling out the bullshit
Kanye needs to change his name to Tom
Coonye west
He spoke the truth when he said "The leftists try to control the blacks through "racism" . 
How a half back one corrupted  a whole race through Sorcery..
Say what you will about Kanye.....but he did what has NEVER BEEN DONE BEFORE and this is what most Americans are missing. The conversation about African Americans having a voice. It just happened. He believes in progress. Hes a genius. Risk taker....so while the main stream is hating on him....and actually doing something. Their asses werent at the Whitehouse. He had a platform and took that moment and ran with it
Juan is so so negative. President Trump could cure cancer and he would be racist. 
I admit President Trump may not be perfect but just look at Theresa May in the UK who definitely is not making Britain Great.
Brexit is a total shambles. President Trump may be unconventional but i think Brexit would be sorted under Trump.
Democrats just now want to continue to cause discord at every move. CNN can call this man a Token Negro etc and everyone is fine with that. 
If that was a fox panel they would be crying for Fox to lose its licence.
Kanye a prop, Juan?  I guess thats not as bad as what CNN said.
Fox news is the nicest news ever, if I owned fox the old black man wouldn't have a job. Who is the furthest right anchor on CNN? Change America
He's right, we need fly planes.
That was such a cringey summit. Two idiots talking like idiots. lol
Wahh! Juan the cry baby.
Won is spending more on his suites.
Jaan is the only one making sense and you dumb trailer trash rubes can't/won't see it because fox news and the Dear Leader told you not to
That should be the last over-the-top, ridiculous and outrageous reaction made by Juan Williams on Fox News. Hes as unhinged as the rest of the leftist media. Fox should look for another Dem to sit on this panel.

The accusation that Trump is racist is no different than accusing Kavanaugh of sexual assault  both lack any shred of evidence.
Leave it to Juan to make it all about racism!   God I can't stand him!
Go to he'll Juan Williams!
There you Kanye West for tell those idiots who can't get it.
like every other black, Juan thinks change should happen overnight
Again I watched until Juan Williams started talking and I tuned out.  I can't finish watching.
Juan is soooo dumb.  A white cannot win with Juan.  If a white POTUS brings in blacks, somehow he's racist.  But if a white POTUS refuses to bring in blacks he'd be racist.  Time to get rid of Juan.  His leftist hypocrisy adds nothing to the dialogue and is just hot air.
If you distill Kanye's comments down, he makes a lot of sense.  Juan is despicable.
Why why why FOX has that stupid prejudice Juan she should be in union with Sharpton birds of a feather flight together!!!!
Man talks about bringing America together, loving everyone,  and supporting his president saying "when he looks good, America looks good, when America looks good, we look good." and somehow basic common sense, sided with passion and you're called crazy. What a sad time when passion and common sense is considered "crazy" Smh
I stopped watching the The Five due to Juan's stupidity. I listened in for a change and he messes the session again with his stupidity. Please put another Democrat on? There are more wise Democrats. Juan ruins the show. It's awful!
Fox news is the biggest racist channel sad for negro you know trump hates you and hates latino and blacks
One time Im gonna say shut up Juan.
YOU SOUND LIKE THE LEFT?
ARE YOU DESCRIBING YOURSELF?
Once again Juan shoves his ass in his mouth.
KAYNE IS SMARTER THEN CNN AS A WHOLE YET the Clinton News Network had to call him a Negro TWICE!!!! The Leftys are the racists!!
I HEARD KANYE AND TRUMP ARE GAY LOVERS
Juan Williams only opens his mouth to say something more stupid than the last stupid thing he said.
I dont like Juan but Fox News needs him around to show that they have some diversity. This is good so ppl dont forget how the left thinks and its actually healthy for the Republican viewers. Dont forget to vote red come November!
The 14th Amendment ended slavery not the 13th!!!
Im going to stop watcing this if Juan stays on the show.  Stupid fucker is so predictable with this talking points.  Such a jackass.
Trump be saying after, Keep him away from me.. hahaha
I think Kanye should spend some time with Dr Carson, he has good intentions but need a little guidance and direction.
Kanye got some balls........ Right on! Go bro!
Does anyone believe JZ or even Obama were prim and proper in the oval office!
Can't believe he just said that "He's a prop." What about all those celebrities on the left?
FIRE JUAN
FFS...man you have got to be kidding me Fox. He is disgusting. He doesnt offer the other side...he ONLY offers the other side.
Trump has been living rent free in liberal heads for three years.  Juan is the one who is unhinged; not Kanye.
Juan is just a paid actor faking to be a democrat for talking point discussion.......... It is all for show
Jaun you need to just go pound sand OMG
So, according to the Dems, Trump is senile and mentally unfit and Kanye is crazy and mentally ill. I guess we are all crazy deplorables!!!  I  Trump and I  Kanye!!! God Bless them both!
Here is the answer. Stop "stop and frisk". Stop disarming the population with laws(the bad guys don't follow and are thus empowered by the laws trying to stop them) and make it mandatory for all qualified... to get a concealed carry permit(at no cost and no force to buy). Then demilitarize the police and get them involved in community projects... and funding for it. Let the police become officers of the peace once more and not military combatants like they are now.
Good another famous Trump supporter
Juan is one of the worst people alive.
Wtf is this guy talking about.
You called him a NI**ER when he stole TAYLOR SWIFTS mic  

NOW, hes your savior negro friend to say HEY I HAVE BLACK FRIENDS TOO. Sellouts! Hypocrites! Gutless! Laughable!
If Kanye was in the left, he will not be getting the attention he does, it is amazing, I am not wearing the hat, and i feel the same, some power flow, but that is the power returning to the people, you better get use to, do not let nobody take it away ever ever.
I would have payed attention if Denzel Washington or someone along those lines have been there. He has the right to do what he feels is right,  although his demeanor and language is not appropriate. He can afford to do this, good for him.
ALL I CAN SAY IS KANYE HAS BALLS THE SIZE OF  EMPIRE STATE!!
 A HERO  WHO DOESNT BOW TO NOBODY BECAUSE SLAVERY WAS ABLISHED LONG TIME AGO THE ONLY PLACE WHERE ITS STILL ALIVE AND WELL IS THE DEMOCRATCI PARTY!
THEY CALLED KANYE A NEGRO  WHOS THE FKING RACIST NOW BITCHES!
ITS CNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN
You guys keep saying extraordinary economic activity... WTF? My insurance is still $600 a month up from FREE 8 years ago. God I hate Obama. literally satan
This show would be better if you would get find of Juan and make it "the four."
I can see the body language.  Men trying to solve problems. No audio on the meeting.
Lol
You're funny and stupid Juan.
Republic party,the party you are so critical of is the one that fought and won to end slavery.
Very ironic that you support along with your plantation partners  the Democrats that were the slave party.
Unbelievable.
So just because a black man changed his political views he's alreay sub human. Glad to know that the left will turn on you without a second thought.
Wan gets paid well to be that kind of idiot. He can't be that way on purpose.
Crack is a helluva drug.
Why oh why is Juan still employed on this panel? Seriously, why? This guy is just so far deranged it's mind boggling.
Hey Juan...In 2015 Trump funded a medical team to perform eye surgeries on 200 poor, black, blind Haitians which gave all of them sight....does a racist do thst??? He gave a black bus driver $10,00.00 for preventing a suicide ...does a racist do that??? Hey Juan... Kanye West spoke from the heart spoke with a brilliant mind and a caring spirit and all you heard with a couple of bad words your soul less you are absolutely soul less if that's all you got out of his heartfelt words.
I have heard of brain dead...but you are the definition of soul dead..
I think kanye is fuckin crazy! but i love how it makes the LEFTIST MEDIA GO BONKERS!!!
The substance behind the 13th amendment is the word involuntary servitude they changed the word from involuntary to voluntary it affects everyone.. They stop slavery by saying you can't make them do it but if volunteer that's okay
Lowest unemployment in 5 decades
Hollywood celebrities shouldnt be involved in politics 
Ronald Reagan and the creepy  orange president are and were both Hollywood celebrities  
HYPOCRITES
It was a father son setting, is Kanye not a son of this republic? Now you know what Kanye was talking about in the beginning!!!    God bless America
Token negro?
MSNBC you are loosing me............stop the fake news to hate Trump
Trump has photos with black people all the way to the 90s. Juan Williams is a race baiter and the absolute worst part of this show. I love Greg Gutfeld, Dana, Jesse Williams... they really add substance to the show and are the reasons I watch this show every day but Juan is like a tooth ache that I can do without.
I accidentally met Jim Brown on Hollywood Blvd. in 1969 . He was the nicest man ever. I was a little teenage white girl. 
Move up to the first time Kanye is on Oprah the first time and hardly known, ends up in Planet Hollywood the next day. I bump into him and he stops me and I am surprised. He hugs me and with his 3 friends asks directions out . So I led them out. This is a basically warm, gentle soul. MKULTRA be damned.
Don't forget the legend jim Brown
honestly, it is so nice to see a music mogul, and a billionaire meeting in the oval office of all places to do something about the broken criminal justice system.  Because they actually have the money to start somewhere, anywhere, on this change and the knowledge about how to get it going....by working together
you all on the panel have missed what happened, they were talking about doing something in CHicago like a pilot program to 
fix problems in the hood. that if it worked could be used across the board in other impoverished  black communities..instead you are looking for faults in personalities..
I am with Kanye!
OMG! Its s sad day when its ok to say MF in the Oval Office and in front of the press and Fox praises him.  Disgusting!
Black dumbocrats 
 trump is racist because no black person supports him.
 trump is racist because he is using kanye to support him.
 trump is racist because he created jobs just so that black people will stop using welfare
 trump is racist because he's white.
Kanye kissing the Pope's ring
you know, honesty, I know you have Juan Williams on there as a token Democrat (for lack of a better term), and yeah, I get your angle: let them Dem's have a voice.  But you know...sometimes....  I wish you'd kinda...well..."let him go"?  Nice way to say "Fire Him".  If he contributed a GOOD, solid, reasonable block of information that would perhaps give his base some credibility, I'd say yeah, keep him on board.  But.  I don't know. IF he got let go, it wouldn't break my heart, let me put it that way.
LOL, a real special moment. Wow! All of black people's problems have been solved by Yeezy, lol!
Every time I see that jackass Juan.... I just gotta turn this off.  And normally I LIKE Gutfeld. Why do  you keep him on?   If I want to see garbage I'll turn on CNN.
Ok, 2/3 into this, moving on.
Gutfieid should go to the oval office next time.  Kanye has an excuse which he admitted of mental problems.  Gutfield is just a flat out Doofus Trump Sucking drone with a few stupid facial expressions with matching sarcastic one liners.
this is only watchable until Juan opens his ignorant mouth
If they let Juan into the Whitehouse is TRUMP a Racist ?
Juan Williams whats wrong with this fool .always talking negative BS.get rid of that hater
The way that President Trump works is he take in ideas from everybody. He may just have West and Brown come up with a deal that he will back. You got to take risks to get ahead.
Jaun is such a dummy, never fails to say stupid talking points
Lincoln bedroom for rent and how celebrities went to Obama and put their foot on the table? Pls. Juan take a big and deep breath!!!
205 plantation Juans thumbed this down!
Trump gets down with his homies love it 
That Hug was huuuuuuuge! Bush doesnt care about black people 
Juan Williams is the fair and balanced View against Common Sense people... he is hilarious to listen to and is a great example of liberals nonsense. Yes, He is hard to listen to sometimes.
Juan is necessary and good; his lame, commie take, juxtaposed against reasoned thought. Hes like a special kid at a Mensa debate
Let's put the 13th amendment in the context he meant it ... just to refresh you, here's the 13th amendment (in part).

 Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United States, or any place subject to their jurisdiction.

If you listened to what Kanye said ... he was talking about the 13th amendment in the frame of "... except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted ...".

He mentions in his conversation, about the fact that prisons are used as slave labor factories and services, what do some prisons do, they manufacture items, that are sold at a price with little or no pay for the workers (prisoners).

For the privately owned prisons, to make it worth their while need to be full of prisoners (chain gangs) to make them  feasible and turn a profit. 

So lets give someone 5 years for a minor offence, and if they look at a guard wrong, tack on another year. We have to have enough slaves to turn a profit.
Man juan really doesnt belong on fox, not even as the token liberal.
Juan Williams racist behavior didn't just start yesterday, this is who Jaun Williams really is. A very deep seated black male racist that only wants segregation and division.  Juan is just like Hillary, they don't get it! Americans are tired of race being a division for politicians to exploit!
... He's  replacing  Omarosa !!!
STFU Juan!!
Arent the democrats doing something like this? 
Acting like they care about black people for votes. Hilary ran her whole campaign on it. MEGA.
kenya the super stupid.
I dont agree with anything Juan says .Yet it think its great that fox is a real network and has both political sides on there show .Instead of just a complete cast of 1 sided bias . Fox news #1
West committed the ultimate sin. He told black people to think for themselves.
Why dont we petition to have Fox replace Juan? No one, and I mean no one that watches Fox enjoys him. He just pisses off the people who tune to enjoy Fox/ the 5. Drop Juan Fox, please!!!
Juan williams is still pissed Trump won. Maybe he should seek a job on cnn.
Juan sangano when the democrats use Hollywood its ok. When Hollywood comes to its senses and backs a Republican its insanity
Superhero West! Do something today at the moment. He makes A lot sense. Hopefully this turns into something special that can truly bring all Americians together.
This is like watching Dennison Rodman go to North Korea and talk to Kim Jong Un just my opinion and I'm a trump fan sorry
NO JUAN, YOU'RE A PROP!
glad there was not  hurricane damage to talk about
Here's my 2 cents..
obama and the democrats (including the clintons) had a chance to take care of the inner city issues across the country. Eight years of clinton and eight years of obama amounted to NOTHING! They (ALL democrats) did nothing to resolve the issues and help the inner cities. 
When President Trump dose something with Kanye West and his wife (Kardashian) prior to this meeting, the press and everyone on the left shows their jealousy and disdain. Yet, they did nothing prior to President Trump. It's funny when the do nothings stand around in their arrogance and do nothing. But when the do-ers get up and do something, the do nothings act like the insane asylum. (nothing more then whining, spoiled brats full of animosity and crap)
Leave it to Dana to lack the Vision to get beyond her legacy views
Jim Brown,  extensive criminal record, mostly towards females.
Juan is a traitor and has to go, he doesn't belong  on fox news
Made In America has long been MIA.
Lemon is an unfunny joke.
Ye smile is contagious, he is genuinely happy 
I want to meet the president of the United States
There were 4 million slaves in America, NOT ONE OWNED BY REPUBLICANS, majority of blacks DON'T KNOW THAT, WHY? There are PLENTY of US BLACK FOLKS out here who AGREE with what Kanye's doing, his effort to FREE the MODERN DAY SLAVES, FROM THEIR DEMOCRAT PLANTATION   OWNERS! "RED TSUNAMI" ON THE WAY!!
OMG, did you ever see such hypocrisy as in Juan Williams claiming KANYE is disrespecting the office of the President? WTF. these people's brains have reversible parts, they just take them out and put them back in the other way
Juan has two remaining brain cells, they've never met.
We're not in a time of great prosperity.  Trump's gotta get us to a balanced budget to put this nation on a really sound footing.  We're headed in the right direction, but need to dial back the growth of government.  As with Reagan, we're seeing short-term prosperity, but we're in hock up to our eyeballs and Trump's not shy about spending the money.
I can't watch the 5 because of juan
Yes don lemon head is a mean girl
Juan seems to be really popular in the comments. It seems he knows exactly what to say if you're trying to push the buttons.
Mr West has backbone and a keen intelligence! Welcome aboard the Trump train! I respect your strength to follow your own mind and not the mentality of the left. And Juan is a moron! Republicans are not racists.
Trump has put a lot of women and black people in very important positions. Some being historical. But muh sexist and racist. Doesnt matter what you do. Some people will always find fault.
Does anybody know who's the true bloodline descendants of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob?
Juan needs to go!
go away Juan, you are stupid, how much you got to be so stupid?
Trump and Kanye are both Geminis, and cannot help but love each other.
poor jim brown sat there in a frozen state completely overwhelmed by this foulmouth loudmouth. he may be a patriot but hes still a thug rapper. his music is nothing but filth and almost unintelligible  but i understand trump PR approach and trump does like a wide variety of influential people. it appears trump thinks this thug may be good pr for the black denizens. but again- its wierd to see jim brown- whose once commanding presence dignity and quiet authority completely overshadowed by this shrill loudmouth windbag.
Did not Obummer invite rappers to perform at the WH? And just about every lyric was an F bomb?? Yea ok Juan the moron.
And Hollywood is so corrupted anyway there's a bunch of pedophiles in Hollywood and they know who they are and the media knows who they arethey all should be put in prison and cooling CNN should be shut down for fake news and deceiving the American people which stay hey so much
Kanye's going to be despised by a dwindling group of plantation owners and their mind slaves whose relevance is vanishing before our eyes.
Not a trustworthy person
Kanye says he was bullied in school. It seems the bullies have all grown up.
Juan needs to be farmed out to interviews on the street.
God bless Donald Trump west tells truth 100%
Well a person did get out and how to help to talk is great and get it done it would be a cleanup training improvements there let pray
Can Kanye take Juan's place??
I am so glad on a republican now used to be a Democrat but all this b***** made me realize the truth so now I can say I am happy and proud to be a Republican and I love my president and his family
Trump will take a stroking of his ego from a piece of lint if it makes him look good for doing nothing.
Gutfield and Scott Adams both said that Trump will give Kanye a concession. Kind of interesting to see them both say that.
Bipolar and clearly in middle of episode
it makes Neo Democrats look real bad
Black people always love Donald Trump when he became president the Democrat Brainwashed the people with the media but now they hate them when they used to love him Jesse Jackson talk really good about Donald Trump but now he hates them because he's a fraud
Brown and West don't even have to toe the ideological line.  Just be real.  Just be SANE.  Just conversate.  Love it.  

Juan Williams.  Such a joke.  If it was Leonardo DeCaprio, freaking out about the Chinook in Canada at the Obama White House, you'd be SWOONING.
Kanye one of the most talented artist of all time! XD Jesus calm down a little :P
Oh, and as a San Francisco Bay resident, I understand Kanye's use of language. I have been around it my whole life, "the spiritual alternate realities that all exist only in this moment", etc. So I can decipher the points he is making and the value he is bringing. Whereas, I can see from CNN's coverage, others just cannot get it nor are willing. You have to have an OPEN HEART to hear someone like Kanye West.
Getting a bj in the White House is very disrespectful and disrespectful to his wife he doesn't respect women Bill Clinton is a womanizer
<fast forward> thru Juan Williams.....great show
If CNN is against it, it must be a good thing.
I havent even gotten to Juan Williams part yet but Im going to preemptively say stfu!
Yeah but it's okay for Bill Clinton to get a blow job in the White House
FOX is so loving Kanye now...but lets play back some of their sound bites when he said that about Bush or did that stunt with Taylor.
Trump, Kanye, Obama and FOXs base people, I do not take my thoughts or opinions from, God has the first and last say so these  white high minded people will realize one day that God did not make them the owners of the WORLD!!!
Fire Williams, he is a full on racist.
Kanye was awesome today
Wow! CNN really?
What pos
Juan is useless...
I would love to have seen Republicans response Kanyes view of Bush about Black people after hurricane Katrina.  Now hes the darling of Republicans.
Juan is a great ad for red wave,
What ...he's just making America great again
This is insanely edited
This video is 1/3 shorter and 100% smarter if you skip Juan Williams talking.
Juan is such an ignorant Asshat
LOL....Respect the office like Bill Clinton. The dress. Um...
You saw how Kanye's speech went over Race baiter Jaun's head, Kanye said : I don't speak in sound bites my words are a fine wine = Our Constitution protects all Americans but the 13th still allows all Americans to be Slaves in Prison  Do i need to explain any further 
With all due respect , Juan you are the problem .
Just remember, Juan was fired from NPR for not being liberal enough. Just imagine how nutty liberals are.
I want the uncensored speech by Kanye.  Keep it real.  Media - including FOX - feel obliged to shield me from plain talk by a concerned citizen.
JUAN WILLIAMS IS A PLANTATION NEGRO
..... Regarless of what anyone believe , we need two or three new major political parties .... only way to cut the corruption .
I love Hillary 
Wtf???!!!
Bless your heart Juan for being the Five's token cannot think out the box personality. The contrast you provide drives home the most important points of the show.
juan needs to die
Juan must be character...
How embarrassing!
Lemon has aids????
Has this guy even watched it?! I tried... I really did. But I had to stop at about 6 mins. It was 6 mins of constant, incomprehensible ranting...
The spin on this video is stunning, even for Fox.
I think the common thread between West and the President is that they are both out of the box personalities who speak their minds and get lots of criticism for it by those who cannot think outside their boxes...but in the end we are ALL better and improved because them. What Trump says  always sounds alarming the first time, but eventually you understand and realize he has been 10 steps in front of everyone.
I love it! Another person's eyes are opened to the lies of the left! How the liberals must fear if this spreads!
I love Hillary???
Love is of Gog powerful.  These women should shut up
IS DON
IS GOOD :))
You guys are idiots the economy is booming now that Trump is President sore loser demecraps
I thought black People showed how racist they are during Obamas eight years of race wars, looting, riots, Police killed, black on white crime and killing skyrocketed, cities trashed, but the jealous black racist are crawling out of the walls like the terrorist they are . Endless complaints, jealousy, racism and     never a compliment for lowest unemployment for them. Most bitter, narcissistic, liars that forget Obamas whole racist 8 years of destruction.
Amen agree  with Mr West
Im sorry I love the rest of you but Juan is a Racist JackAss! Its one thing to have an opinion and express it freely but some of the things he says is Absolutely Disgusting!! He really turns my stomach.
Kanye West in the W/H very proud of you , yes I love President Trump too .God Bless us all !!!!
An assault on the white house? What? Sounds like some loaded language.
Get rid of that dumb ass Juan, he doesn't have the ability to think  beyond what he's been programmed to spew out of his idiotic mouth.
Kanye made history again...Make America Great!!!
Kanye just upstaged Taylor Swift again!
CNN hopes to use the 25th amendment to remove Kanye from the oval office? These media constitutional scholars are so impressive. 
Juan should go on over to CNN. Fox could trade him for a $10.00 Wal-Mart gift card maybe if their lucky
This is sick....
Hearing Kanye be called an attention whore and a token negro was a disgrace to not only the black community but to ALL MANKIND! I was embarrassed for that misguided woman. This man is one of just a very few from the entertainment industry and specifically the black community promoting unity, compromise, civil discourse and dare I repeat Kanyes own word used, love!!

Juan Williams is a fraud, a hypocrite an ideological puppet without anywhere near the capacity to reason as Kanye has!
I only tuned in for the 'sound bite' ... NOT to listen to the jackass Juan Wms.  He's such a JERK who brings the FIVE down ... boooooooo!!!  He's the reason I do NOT watch this show.  Good for Kanye for rising above Hollyweird and being a real man!!!  P.S.  Prissy Dana is another reason I don't watch anymore:(
I've blocked Fox News on all my TV's so I don't land on it by mistake.  How do I block Fox News from YouTube?
The hypocrisy from the republicans here astounds me
Kanye is making republicans look like fools
Juan stupid comments. Clinton DID degrade the WH!Juan does not get it! Liberal  bozo.
Juan is a millionaire moron.
Jesus, Juan, Trump cant win, can he? If he doesnt talk to black people, hes racist, if he does talk to black people... hes still racist.
Then you have sick liberal Hollyweirds chiming in with hate.  The left never accepted their loss, they shown nothing but ugliness.  Now, you have black CNN commentators calling him the N word, which would have gotten white journalist fired.  If patriotic hard working Americans can't see that the left is evil, they are crazy and deserve the outcome if they regain power, they'd rather see this country fold then prosper.  Who ever runs the democrats, the demon global billionaires,  let them take over and say goodbye to everything you see.  WAKE UP AMERICA.  Vote Republican.
When a mind is conditioned to see only negative,it will always criticize..like Mr see only problems Juan Williams.
NICE REPORTING
Kanye West is a "Black Leader"? 
The Five needs to dump Juan Williams. This was one of the most important meetings to ever take place in the Oval Office. Kanye has demonstrated enormous courage, not to mention the ability to think and speak for himself, despite pressure and threats from the Left that could end his career.
Juan the tool. Good Lord. Trump will never do enough to satisfy these liberal race baiting hate mongers.
I have an impression lately that Juan Williams is being kept on Fox as a house liberal rants come out very rough but very insincere as if he is just earning his pay. I dont think he cares either way

Still, very unpleasant to watch
Juan is so pathetic.
Bunch of right winged idiots . Kanye ? Are you kidding me? The very benchmark of the dumbest kind of dumb and the president meets with him? What has this geriatric generation done to us?
Lmao fox is dumb af
Oh Kanye is crazy mow?
Kanye is a cool dude. He speaks the truth.
I pledge my life my fortune. Hmm sounds like kanya is a 3%ter yea
It is a sad day for the USA ,test them for drugs.VTF IS GOING ON IN OUR NATION? YOU WATCHING THE NEONATZI  NETWORK.
As a black man, I cringe when I hear so called smart fellow blacks like Juan spew such nonsense. What would be wrong if blacks vote 50% republican and 50% democrat....other than democrats would never win another election....hehehe...
Luv it.
Anyone that is passionate about their beliefs and is an Eagle  is called crazy.  Kanye is lovable!  Chickens cluck together but Eagles fly alone.
Fox News has the dumbest people period, homeless is the worst under tRump than any other leader, and gets worst by the month.. Fox says, we are the most prosperous we've ever been, lol, you clowns spit'n more bullsh__.
Yes Juan is way off the map with his disgusting thoughts. Juan should get slapped for being an ass.
Trump 2020
We have how many networks slamming our POTUS?  Bye Juan!...go to CNN!
GO KAYNE WEST
Look at all the Bitchass Russian bots here it's worse than Instagram
Whew..!!  Absolutely DISGUSTING..!  (Can't wait for SNL on Saturday..!)  Devastation in Florida, and now, "Keeping Up with the TRUMPDASHIANS"..!
I like to see Kanye West in the middle of the kkk.
Amazing!
ZERO? So the lowest black and hispanic unemployment rate conservative Blacks Hispanics Asians coming together peacefully at Republican and conservative assemblies is zero? While their Democrat and far left counterparts harrass riot and even use violence because they're butt hurt? Look up the word zero and stop giving liberal ass free mustache rides
I'm 100 percent behind Trump, but this negro needs to be hospitalized.
How can Kanye look like a fuckin idiot just smiling
Time to kick this stupid black guy off of the show. So sick of his stupidity
Hillary Clinton policy jailed millions of Black men.
Juan is the reason I only watch once in awhile.
Treat the Oval office wither respect guess Bill Clinton didn't get that memo
KANYE IS KOOL, JIM BROWN IS A GREAT MAN, LUNCH WITH THE PRESIDENT. MAGA
Another show spoiled by vicious leftist Juan Williams. GET RID OF HIM, Fox!
who is this hater a6 6:45 on this show?   he always spins it to the negative.   jaaeeezzz
juan doesn't understand    sounds right   thats why they lost   cause they don't understand
Poor Juan He has to sit there & talk shop with the winning team while using the losers play book
Juan - you're a jackass
90% of the comments are about this mysterious Juan person, wtf im confused.
I respect Kanye West for speaking HIS mind and not being a puppet . Hes a young man who believes in his country and how we can help making it better  !
Jim Brown and Kayne are a powerful force.  Mr Brown has spoken about this for a long time.   Juan should be removed from the panel.......
Juan,  Rose are Red   SH** is BROWN   Shut the F up  Set the F down. Know when they hit a nerve with Juan. Gets very loud ,rude and a more of a smart a**.Thinks he is only one that is right.
President Trump shows so much care and concern for all Americans. He's different.
Really Juan...?? Could someone please take him off the show. Send him to CNN. We don't need a qouta system on FOX. If we want to hear the warped democrat liberal point of view, all we need to do is flip the channel to CNN.
However distasteful, Juan  gives us a view  on how  the Democrats think.  He can't  use  out and out lies because he would be immediately destroyed . So he has to use the best  reasonably logical statements available to defend his Democratic views.  The need to check out the fake news  networks is minimized I can tolerate him better than CNN.
LOL! Donald Trump Is Awesome.
Who said Judge a man by his character and not by the color of his skin.   Juan Williams?
Compare the talent of these three with the Clintons....ROFLMAO!
I thought you all hated celebrities getting involved in politics....?
Iam Nothere:  >"Kanye sending a clear message that it's OK to be who you are"

When Lady Gaga says the same things she's praised.

>"The retaliation shown in the media against President Trump, and others within his administration is also played out among private citizens"

We need stop trying to have "conversations" with the Left. It's show no interest in them. 

It's like a Jew trying to convince Eichmann that the Holocaust is a bad idea.

Instead of trying to change the Left, work with the Right to get stronger. That also means treating anyone who approaches you wearing a mask (antifa!) as mortal threats...decking them if they get 
"in your face."

Don't waste time talking to liberals. Only talk to the undecided/open-minded.

Minds are rarely changed. The best you can do is join like-minded folks. If you offer solutions, others will come to you. Don't go looking to "save" others.
American,s new slogan,,,. I LUV THIS GUY.  ,,,,,,,
Photo your vote the dems will cheat.
Juans a complete CNN supporter.  Jay-Z and booty shaking Beyonce went to the White House to see Barack Obama but can Kanye West can't.
Juan is always looking for any opportunity to speak negative  about Trump..
 if Kayne went on CNN and bash Trump he would of praise.
 him.
why do you have him on this network? He's  a hypocrite and racist!!
 something is a little fishy   y with this Kanye thingy....
"You just ate the democrats" OMG I almost choked!  LMAO!!! OMG LOL LOL LOL LOL ....
Just as every fox new viewer. Ignorant and completely disconnected from reality. What a sham there baby boomers are making our country horrible again. If everyone over the age of 50 would just die we would have the greatest country in the world.
Suddenly it's okay to say negro like a pejorative, because she's saying it about a republican?  What a racist!  I mean republicanist!
That was a black guy, how could you not not forget the token negro folks. Good for him !!!!
Whites Racist are the ONLY people who love this BullShit...
Kanye West SUCKS!  I'll never buy his music again.
Trump just won over Kanye West. So much winning I can't stand it.
Did anybody notice how Trump receive the endorsement of multiple black people who are leaders in multiple musician Kid Rock and older music
Juan your sick man, If he didn't give black man a chance they will call him a racist, when he accept them they call it un-presidential
I stopped watching The Five owing to they wouldnt act on my heartfelt advice, which is to change the name of the program to The Four. Give Juan Williams the boot and put him back where he came from, in the gutter with the Crap News Network and their racist sexist guests who are too arrogant to be embarrassed and too stupid to be ashamed.
" I LOVE THIS GUY ".   AGREED
Whenever Juan starts talking, I just have to turn it off. BRING BACK GERALDO!!!!
Yall said they ate the dems, watch on Election Day Republicans are gon be super sad cuz they gon lose the house
Trump listens.
Glad i don't reverence any man or any political parties, I caught hell growing up Atlanta if you cross the track in the 60s I seen Atlanta police beat my Brother black and blue, back then we had educated people representing up, we had more unity, we were a village in the black community, now to me it's it's about status, everyone want to be seen as Genious my hero's were my mother and Father Aunts and Uncle, not Democrat nor Republicans, thru God's grace I'm retired 65 and living my dreams thank to the black people who cared for me!
TRUMP FOX TV COMEDY SHOW.. 
TRUMP ...KANYE ....TWO KOO KO BIRDS !!!
Uncle Tom in the five!
maybe you dudes could get a two headed costume and we will call y'all the fabulous two wonder twins activate
At 6:40 the best!!! Was Bill Clinton respectful in that office?
Respect to Kanye for standing up to the mob , not a lot of celebrities have the guts and conviction to do this
Kanye got used like a Trojan condom at a crackwhore convention.
How dont yall see he is mentally ill
JUAN WILLIAMS, SHEP SMITH gives fox... some credibility.
wan williams is an asshole. go hugg obama
STFU Juan your communist party has zero plans, only hate, lies and division.
Kanye sincerly wants to help people and the left finds a way to attack him...Democrats are pure evil.
As much as I'm not a fan of Kanye's music, he says some profound stuff.
Lock Juan up
Lock Juan up
Lock Juan up
Kanye, WHITE America loves you!!! Blaaaaa haaaaaaaa
Juan is an idiot. Trump and Kanye have known each other for years. Kanye is from the "hood" in 
Chicago. It's street talk. He is trying to tell Trump that they need to open up manufacturing in Chicago
and quit exporting everything from China. This will bring jobs to Chicago. He also said that they need
to bring in art, music, meditation, mental health therapy, to help people. Open your ears critics. He is
excited about the opportunity. Now who is the racist?
Summit?
Juan is such a downer but that is a typical Democrat
If you guys are ok with what happen today we are really in trouble
People who have little substance dont recognize it in others
Juan is on the Soros payroll.
Juan Wimpiams: "Don't listen to Kanye 'cuz Charlottesville, Charlotte's Web, global warming, Bigfoot, the Easter Bunny, and phlogiston."
Kanye for president!!! whats going on 
Kanye.....oh my gosh.....be quiet.   You just making your own howl in laughter. I could surely go on but free speech is a controversy today.
Seriously your trying to make Kanye visit as important  you truly are a Fat Donnie ass kisser. Kanye went on a ridiculous rant saying nothing remember this guy said slavery was a choice showing his true intelligence
Economic prosperity and the BIGGEST DROP IN THE DOW
Juan ruins everything...Kanye is an inspiration. He wants to spread love and change the world. He is passionate and a risk taker and kudos to him.
Talk is cheap you asshole Fox tRump d____k sucker... what did blacks get from CoonYe bullsh__.
Theres ole rat boy, your a rat dude and you know your laughing your ass off, that youve fooled this poor man everybody knows how republicans feel about unions, about black people, about war, Im sorry for you Kanye, their so happy your doing this and behind your back, your the n word to them ! So watching your passion, I know you believe what your saying, but Im a white man and I know what they say about your race, youll 
Figure it out buddy !
Please give Juan an enema
Kanye's brain is burned out... But hey, it's not illegal... Fortherecord, China didn't steal our jobs they were handed our jobs by both democrats and republicans. Glad we have a dealmaker in our corner now.
The Fake Blonde is very annoying ... I don't believe her and I don't trust her.
Just my own observations and opinions.
I really think fox pays Juan to talk (crap) like that so you can see both sides.  (Sane & not so much). up to you to choose.
Oh, how I wish someone would dub over Juan's voice with that "Waaww-Waaww-Waaww-Waaww-Waaww" voice they used on the Charlie Brown cartoons whenever adults spoke...
Juan and his lying rhetoric are a dumpster fire in progress... hes surely still on the democratic plantation and is a disgrace to his race!
This is so strong! Thank you guys for showing the truth!
Kanye West, get help bro. You're just embarrassing yourself and Trump is exploiting you for his political agenda and votes.
China didnt steal anything... we gave them the farm.
These 3 did a great thing today! Juan just came from the cnn bathroom, SMFH!
I think Juan plays the part of the left to keep the show interesting. I really dont think hes a bad guy. Just a tool.
democraps want their slaves back on the plantation.
Juan is embarrassed. Oh well. Politics as usual is over.
Kanye made no sense ... but hell yeah trump can use him,  he needs help
Someone Please tell Juan TRUMP didn't bring division , DIVISION Brought TRUMP!
If Juan Can't see this HE is part of the Problem!!
Racist Juan. Racist left
Kanye wants to make america great, wants black americans to prosper and get of the plantation of the demorats, and all the left want to do is call him negro and other stuff
They are too far removed from the heros journey
Stop sipping the kool aid. Kanye West is saying these things cause he has an album coming out. As soon as it doesnt sell hell flip on you. Dont be fooled
This is a clearly mentally ill person being taken advantage of by an idiot. THIS makes America look bad!
hang on, "token negro"? ...................  can we just, WTF!!!!??!    (Does that make Don Lemon CNNs 'token negro'?)
They let the opposite (Juan) view have its say so y'all can see how ridiculous it sounds. It's called exposure
Blacks still support the Original Party of Slavery. SUCKERS
I cannot listen to Juan Williams anymore...I can't do it! This was a great meeting today...
Juan SUCKS !!! Juan SUCKS!!!
Juan is the textbook definition of the HOUSE NEGRO ...  JUAN SUCKS !!!!!!
FOX .... it's time to DUMP JUAN!
Juan's comments only to scare away future Black leaders from speaking to the President.  MSM did the same thing to ridicule Black leaders when Trump first became President and met with Black leaders.  They are afraid to go meet with the President anymore.  In addition, MSM has riled up Black communities such that it is dangerous for him to go meet in Black territory now like he once did during the presidential campaign.
Waters translated kanye perfectly
I expected Juan to be Juantarded. Dana sounded like she was going to cry.
Not a very smart Juan.
I like that hes banging the oval desk 
Juan is the buffoon, the Court Jester. Idiot. I'm sure he gets home and his wife berates the hell out of him nightly as he hands over his check to her lol. What an idiot.
Republicans don't need another stupid guy. Now Mr Orange and Black Jezus? It is embarrassing for America. Trump is a joke .
I knew a little girl 30+ years when I was but a young lad myself, who sang my name over and over again.
Kanye was great! Juan was horrible.
Yes Kanye!!!
I've never heard of "stop and frisk" but just by what I've heard here it sounds like it's a direct... DIRECT violation of the 4th Amendment.
Why is this relevant? Is it because of his rhetoric or because Kanye West's black and famous so, he's using his position to push the Republicans' talking points because they're too afraid to exert them themselves?
Unironically, Thanks Obama.
The Oval Office received today some of its owners hosted by the person they wanted to reside in it to lead the country
Juan you said "WH should be treated with some respect".  Do you trash Kanya and Jim....?  You forgot that Clinton transformed WH in a brothel?  That was "respect" for you?  The same did Kennedy.  Both of them were democrats, like you.  Respect is not known to the democrats, it is not in their vocabularly.
Left out part about Kanye's parallel universe where he is Trump.
Isn't it funny? White republicans know more about black people than they know about themselves
Juan is a idiot! Kanye West poured his heart out and that's the way God wants us to be with each other white and blacks getting along if Trump is our president let's respect President Donald Trump.
Juan! What the hell? You are so blatantly racist. Stop being part of the problem and start being part of the solution. Try , please.
Amazing. Thank God they arr finally discussing Chicago, and the murders.
I would love to see the reaction of the left if anyone on fox said "token negro".
and this is why our country is going sideways,hey kind of like his hat
Guys common Juan gets pay to do this mannnn
Kanye speaking truth, Dems can't handle the truth.
Kayne
Juan Williams pees sitting down while reading cosmopolitan.
Kanye is the definition of "based."
This is a President of the people.
It is so nice to see Kanye smiling. It takes courage for him to stand up for what he believes in. You go Kanye! God bless you! Republicans do care for your happiness and success in life. Do not believe the lies of the Liberals!
KANYE IS A SPINELESS GUTLESS PUKE SO NOW WHY KNOW WHY HE LIKES TRUMP THEY HAVE THAT IN COMMON.
Disaster. House negro.
Yawn Williams.
You got to love it
Jesus Christ this was embarrassing. Any self respecting person would say so!
Kanye has great energy.  
Very positive personality.
I love Kanye but poverty does not cause crime.
Kanye seems to be a humble man also.?
If anyone wants a real fun read head over the the CNN version of this. Most hateful comment section I've seen. Lol go check it out. Make sure to cast your vote on the thumbs up and down buttons as well.
Please, please get this "Uncle Sam" ass man off this show!!! I can't stand Juan Williams!!! He's nothing but a sellout and not worthy to be on this show. Good GOD people....why is this fool on this show?!!
Ummm Coolest Dudes on earth have a chat....
Drop the token democrat.
Juan Williams is an idiot. He only heard out of Kanye what he wanted to hear, and not what Kanye was saying. smdh
I just ignore Jewan, whenever he speaks. Misspelling on purpose.
Relax guys, let's just laugh at jaun lol
Actually Juan. You are a prop. You can get out now
That's your president correction
What a brown nose
You guys need to understand that  good tv requires good guys and bad guys. That's why juan is there Just like megan mcaine on the view. It's basically the babyfaces and heels idea from wrestling. 
The bad guys get heat for being dicks, and the good guys tear them a New one. Without the bad guys for the heros to overcome there is No Story, No argument, nothing. 
That's boring.
He knows whats on the go
I swear that Kanye West has the best smile I have ever seen.
The world's biggest male pop star? No significant Wars? lol I love to watch Fox it makes me laugh so much!
Kanye should tell the president and Ivanka to make all his tie and clothes in USA. Let's make America great again. But they won't do it because it would cost them more.
Juan is a total brain dead liberal progressive lunatic. Plain and simple. His job is obvious to be the one who pisses in everybodys bowl of cereal.
Juan is a pud
Wow. These commenters are as loony as Trump and Kanye.
I'd love to see mr. Democrats anchor try to say that to Mr. Jim Brown's face. What a wimp.
Kanye is off his meds again. His family and friends need to do an intervention to get him some psychiatric help. The nation will do a similar thing for Trump on November 6th but it will help us, not him. .
The liberal Democrats are the original true whites supremacist !
They want to control the blacks thru slavery like they did in their past ! But now they do black mental slavery! 
Look at the white Democrats, Hollywood stars, school professors , major media owners , speaking for the blacks !
As if the blacks need their help to speak for them ! Condescending! True Racists indeed!  And Juan is a negro slave !
Kudos to Juan...
....only one with sense on this show....
Juan ruined this clip for me.. sorry
Side note
Is Juan really culturally appropriate for his first name. Just saying 
JHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA!
Kanye is a freaking idiot. His family has to be embarrassed.
Juan is a dic, sorry I had to turn this off when he started talking and won't hit like for this reason.
I'm cringing so hard  ryt now
Juan is a disgrace of fox. He only spins every positive thing Trump does. I try to watch the Five but I cant stand him.
I totally agree it doesn't matter what TRUMP does he's always brought to a negative light....no open minds no working with him to improve America....These Lefts are SICK!!!!
MSDNC is Bonkers -I DON'T even click on MSDNC anymore
God is love love us god
This is so stupid how everyone pretend to like kanye. He will b running for president 2020 n pretty soon the Kardashian/West will run the country, I won't b surprise  im completely sick of both side
They never make the best points on these shows, thats why I only watch the garbage to remember why I do not.
Juan go kiss a pig, you make us sick!
"Summit"??? Too funny, that would imply it was a meeting between two people that were important...
The leftists really are awful. Trump wants success for all Americans. Kanye is just being Kanye. Good on him for being an individual and sticking to his guns. Keep winning!
I,  you have to be rich to be secure enough to speak your mind now?
To hell with you crazy media we need to get rid of you
Sorry I Couldn't listen to the entire. panel commentary.  Had to mute it when Juan came on.
Uh no, the American people have nothing to do with this president. He will do whatever he wants to anyway..
It comes and goes from the top down, so again no, if the president looks stupid and continues to get laughed at to his face, that has nothing to do with how the rest of America and the American people look like...

This was a sad scenario...
This was terrible. Obviously a man who needs some help but no close friends or family members trying to do so...
A room full of mostly white people looking down on him and using him for optics....
His friends and family members knows this but won't yank him and give him that help...
So sad.....
Lowest black employment is zero... dummy!
Who is that CRAZY  Black guy sitting on the discussion panel...???   OMGOODNESS HE DRIVES ME CRAZY bcuz he CAN'T agree with ANYTHING GOOD ... he JUST HAS TO bash President Trump at every opportunity AND SIDE WITH ANY AND EVERY LIBERAL LOONIE...!!!  SHEEEEEESH GUYS - PLEASE WIPE THAT CRAP FROM YOUR DISCUSSION PANEL ... ESPECIALLY SINCE HE'S OBVIOUSLY COMPLETELY INCAPABLE OF ACTUALLY "DISCUSSING" SOMETHING IN A CONSTRUCTIVE WAY...!!!
Juan Williams...I got news for you. YOU'RE THE RACIST

Please just shut up already. Nobody likes you.
I think Juan is a frigging idiot!
Wow Juan you are a real work of art! Is it in your contract to be a complete idiot? Or do truly believe all the bul$hit you spew everyday? What fox you can't find a semi moderate psychopathic communistic piece of $hit. Juan aren't you sick of people hating you.
Has anything positive EVER come out of Juans mouth 
Why do you make fun of good your a ass hole
Thank you YE!...Look for me standing real FN TALL by your side friend8)
Love You Kanye Love Trump Im A Republican
Well done Kanye west, forget the democrats for being emotional and bullies.
Kanye is sick and needs help. This is like watching a train wreck! Swearing in the Oval Office and Trump is ok with it. Totally disrespectful. Sad Fox News supports this.
West has his whole head up Trump's fat ass.
Juan is so negative.  Why is he on the show? Isn't there enough negativity coming from the Democrats?
During eight years of Obutthole in office how many conservatives trashed anyone who supported him? I rest my case.
He needs to be educated on which party is truly the Racist party
Is Juan a Racist himself? He sounds like CNN
That's right Juan black unemployment is the lowest ever
This shite wuz fahqn inzane in da memebrai
Knowing K, I wouldnt be surprised if he got a nice fat paycheck out of this clown show scene.
Juan is as dumb as a rock
Do people really think this is a good idea? Disgraceful. This helped no one besides the self worth of the two egotistical man-twats in the room.
LOL The hypocrisy in politics is all too laughable! Wake up people.
Juan " Eeyore" Williams, Always so sad.
SMH @ fox news. U never cease  to shock and amaze with ur bull$
"The world's biggest male pop star"

Nice to see you have your finger on the pulse!  What an idiot
Crazy just crazy
Shut up Juan! Fox please get him off the network.
Charlottesville, Juan? Really? Always the "race card." Replace Juan Williams with Geraldo.
WORD TO THE MOTHER!!
FOX is actually  very clever with the FIVE. Four conservatives contrasted with an abnoxios sneering irrational liberal. Thats why we VOTE!
I can see Kanye under a totally different and positive light. 
Thank you, Mr. President, that how good and better you make us All.
Kanye....tbought he was strange? Now he's a new Malcolm X
Thanks Kanye, for Manning up,  you make us proud!
Jaun is one of the most simple minded,backwards thinking, racist people Ive ever seen!
Kanye West is the truth, and Donald Trump is an inspiration to the world.
CLOWN
Wasn't it drumpf that canceled visits by championship teams because a few players disagreed with him. He brought Kanye on because he supports him. He's not looking for real dialog. It's all publicity stunt. Right after this, he's with kid rock signing royalties bill. Forgotten Americans meet the American elite. Make America great.
Kanye off his meds again!
Juan is the stupidest motherfucker on the planet~ kudos Kanye~
Can we Blacklist Juan?
All we have is today. If we are going to make America...then lets focus on that...tomorrow when we wake.our families. School. Work.. We can do it all at one. But we can make the one around US(U.S.)
GREAT
I love it.
Thank you Kanye, very cool.
Juan ruins it every time.
Hope you learned something from kanye, trump. Lol lol lol lol
Every liberal across America right now. "You negros had better quit gettin uppity and back on the plantation or y'all gettin a whippin!"
Yes Dumb Ass Juan... Lets Respect the White House The way Bill Monica Lewinsky Clinton did You Dumb Azz MORON
Juan + helicopter
I'm with Kanya on the stop and frisk...it is unconstitutional and it makes evryone guilty until proven innocent.
I have seen Juan when the camera's panning in or out..u see him shacking his head yes. Or he's listening intently..


Kanye is right.!
Juan sucks. Fox needs a new liberal with a brain. If one can be found...
Fire Juan.
Master Jedi....yo Juan is paid.
Hey Juan, how about  a hot cup of STFU.
I'm starting to think that Juan will say anything...even plain-as-day BS.
Why won't they talk about the 13 amendment. Cus it's part of the prison industry complex. Fox won't cross that blue line. Even for freedom.
Juan the whiner.
Ohhh he's been approved by the prejudice racist bigots, isn't that cute. If you're an educated African-American and you challenge ass holes like Trump you'll have Fox and their dumb ass viewers telling you stick to what you know either sports, movies, music or whatever.  If you're an Uncle Tom then you're quite an American a patriot a man who knows his thing. Lol 
If that isn't a clear view and case of White's bigoted twisted disgusting disgraceful outrage mentality, I don't know what is. 
Smfh
It's hard to fully enjoy my cup of coffee if a moron starts talking after you guys make great points. "The Five" needs to become "The Four"
 God bless America.
Buy all of your Trump supporter friends  a Kanye CD for Christmas!
greg, you deserve to be able to talk to trump over the phone on your show. just make sure juan is not there or instruct him to shut it.
As much as I love this show, Juan Williams is just the token liberal to make libs look bad. Not that they need the help. It's optics. I can't stand him either and just skip whenever he talks. I'll bet when the cameras are off, they all laugh together and talk about what stupid crap he should say next when the cameras roll again. He's an actor.
CNN is the most racist network on ever. They hate the fact that Kanye is messing up their narrative of about Trump. They won't be able to continue calling Trump a racist if there are minorities around him. That's why they hate Kanye. Keep up the great work Kanye and let's all vote to get the Dems out of office come November. Dems do not deserve to wield any power. They're too far gone.
Juan is a bigot and a racist.  Truth.
Great show but one asshole
JUAN, 

It never bothered you when BILL and HILLARY went to black churches where like a holy spirit miracle they turned into black reverends talkin' black. HYPOCRITE.
Why do my Spidey senses go off when Kanye speaks? 
Trump is an obvious racist... He's abusing black people by befriending them and have a constructive conversation... All black people that like Trump are just props... Jaun's logic is pretty strange, calling people a "prop" for their race seems racist to me.
He is Trumps good little African American!
Juan Williams is completely Cuban and eats a lot of ass!
The left all of a sudden cares about inappropriate behavior, language and drinking. Go figure!
I can't stand Juan Williams he's needs 2 shut is shine akata ass up I wish he would be fired
According to JW, Mr Trump is a racist no matter what he does.  How can these libtards get away with having it anyway they want.  Hey Juan; the U.S. is not Burger King.  GO TRUMP!  MAGA!  We're still not tired of winning.
Kanye West made 100% sense. Juan Flew Over The Cuckoo's Nest is an idiot.
I don't remember people on the right lauding Kanye as a great artist back when he said "George Bush does not care about black people." Quite the opposite as I recall.  I think, "Good for Kanye."  He should stand by his opinion.  As should the cast of the Avengers and Taylor Swift and every other celebrity who's come out to share their political views.  I don't agree with all of them, but I have never subscribed to the "just shut up and dance/sing/act" line of thought that seeks to forbid artists from sharing their opinions.  In fact, I can think of a few times Greg Gutfeld didn't like celebrity endorsements (although that was when they were left-leaning celebrities).  Now lefties don't like Kanye because he'd leaning right.  They are hypocrites, but so are those on the right who denounce left-leaning celebrities while now embracing Kanye West.

But...that's who we are.  All humans are hypocrites sometimes.
Did Juan forget the hatred and threats black leaders received after they met with the President? They all came out of the meetings impressed with what Trump had to say, and instantly had their careers threatened. They were called uncle Toms and sell outs. 
Gee, I wonder why nothing became of those meetings...
I can't even watch this show because of Juan Williams.  Nobody cares about liberals opinion anymore. They are idiots. Stop giving them air time.
Man that one guy is negative about everything!
Welcome to Great America of corruption and apathy  where thugs rule and the elite and privilege buy and sell laws and regulations and justice has a price. The difference between a soldier and a warrior is a soldier follows orders and a warrior stands for what is right. My Fellow Americans VOTE VOTE VOTE
Why do they have that Trump hating slimy piece of crap Juan on Fox it's crazy why is he still on there he twisted everything around  to make the Democrats look good
Kanye did his thing. He used drumpf as his platform. Fox people don't even understand half the things he said. And Magats don't believe what Kanye is expressing.
Juan IS A PROP
they serious
I personally thought that exchange and meeting was awesome!!
media is already 95% against Trump.
so why add "Juan Williams" to make it more MORE 
it makes no sense to have him there!
2:16 CHRIST where did she get Michael Jackson's nose???
I went to a Trump rally and was pleasantly surprised by all the African Americans and Hispanics cheering Trump on.  I got goosebumps.  It almost made me cry.
Proud of Kanye for thinking for himself and not told/ brainwash what to think by MSNBC -CNN -ABC-CBS and talk shows literally everyday they try to control minds with lies.
I see two Alphas, two pioneers who are bravely forging ahead despite the ocean of nay-sayers; They are laying it out and finding common ground and making the leftist cucks nervous.
Johnson had MLK. Trump has Kanye. America is NOT great again. Every country, even the poor shitty ones, had a laugh on this.
Donny and Kanye, a two pack of nutbars.
Why doesn't Liberal say the same thing about Jim Brown ?
Insult to our White House!??? But when jayz and all the other "Thugs" went to the White House for Obama that was cool??  STFU!
if only the democrats would work with the president instead they'd rather see america destroyed just to make the president look bad.
Juan and liberals no intellectual honestly about anything, diet racism all around, token negro? Wow!
If you don't get rid of Juan, I'm never watching your show again Gutfield! And I'm telling my 10,000 global FaceBook friends not to watch either!
the HAT is a SUPERMAN CAPE, NICE.
we need to set Juan adrift
So this is a video of fox news, picking short clips of kanye giving praise to trump. But what about the parts where hes calling for criminal justice reform? Mental health, Music, art, classes? I wonder how much trump will support kanye in accomplishing those.
Im honestly waiting to see the reaction from the right when kanye comes out fighting for minimum wage for prisoners.
Bring all electronics jobs back to America we dont need china
Juan Williams is a communist from Panama , I know he is a communist  because I am from Panama also , but I am not a communist like "Juan"
And why is Juan's mic even on????
Kanye West, coining it up.  2 narcisstic bi-polar assholes in the same room.  Greg is a fukwit.
Smells like denial and Nope kanye has definitely started drinking his own urine like sir Isaac Newton, he must be super eccentric. LMAO even y'all know this guy's special. But great and hilarious testament as to how far your willing to standby your vote .
Well said, KANYE.
What's this guys deal is he the fox version of lemonhead, not a good representation of black America!
How long do I need to listen to Juan I mias well watch CNN.
The new dream team: Kanye, Jim Brown, Dennis Rodman, Kaperneck, Kim K., Charles Barkley, Diamond and Silk, Tyrus,  Addidas, Senator Tim Scott.
It was truthful - funny - colorful - honest - genuine - Did Juan use the word Token - Juan did not dissapoint - PLANTATION GUARDIAN!
...lowest Black Unemployment in like forever... Creating a better economy provides more economic  opportunities for ALL...
...In his first year, Trump granted CLEMENCY and PARDONS to a number of Blacks who Obama failed to provide...
If you listen to Kanye he does make sense in a lot of his opinions because there are a lot of dysfunctional families in his race that there's a book up there let Trump be Trump and I say let's Kanye by Kanye by his opinions exactly nobody
Juan is equivalent to Joe Buck . When they start to talk I turn the volume down.  Buck hates New York teams, Juan hates the country!    Juan is just  full of 
There's no meaner little fat girls, than Gutfeld and the other "bullied at school" wet-wipes sat at this table. 
Their poisonous backward delusion puddles on the floor below them.
Sad omega people. Snowflakes.
As are those who disagree.
PLEASE MAKE THE FIVE - THE FOUR. JUAN IS SUCH A LUNATIC. THE LEFT ARE PATHETIC!
I LOVE this. For those who don't understand Kanye, he's really a good man. He wants to help Chicago the way Obama didn't/wouldn't. He wants to bring his Yeezy factories to America from overseas. Yes Kanye and Trump love attention and they're all about that. But if you think they put that ahead of their love for this country, before their desire to literally make this country better and lessen crime...you are MISSING THE POINT. You're looking through a very narrow leftist lens if you can't see the bigger picture. For someone with Kanye's influence to use it to get things done is huge. Kanye was a nobody when he would go Wild about being the greatest producer in the world. No one listened. Greatest rapper. No one listened. Greatest rock star. No one listened. One by one be accomplished everything. Take it from a fellow self-centered Gemini with a genius IQ...don't underestimate these guys. Just don't do it. Pretend you know that they'll get the job done so then they do, no one can tell you "I told you so".
Whach the actual speech. Kanye said some great stuff. This show is just pointing out the parts of his speech that made him look silly. Whach the speech for yourself, he actually touches on alot of important issues that most people never mention.
They hate Taylor Swift for being in politics but its ok for Kanye because he is with us. Tribalism
Fox....surely you can find a non-racist black Liberal co host who can bring intelligence to the discussions.  None exist?? That's what Kanye's fighting for.
MODERN DAY SLAVERY!!!
juan.....YOU SUCK
Jim Brown one of the greatest running backs ever? The Best running back ever. Get it right!
Yess Kanye
Kanye was truly difficult to listen to not because he sounds crazy but because his message was truly beautiful and positive and meaningful and its heartbreaking because the media will ruin this beautiful moment in history
Love this
Juan starts talking, I move to another vid....
Get RID OF JUAN...we ALL know liberals REFUSE to acknowledge anything conservative.
Kanye is the hero we deserve, but not the hero the MSM wants right now
Summit? 
Juan is just comfy on the plantation thank you
I never rolled my eyes harder from what Juan said, that guy is such an idiot
CNN sounding like racist white democrats from the 1950s.
Trump's a racist?  Juan, who took pics with Jesse Jackson & Sharpton?
Shut up Juan. I'm done with Juan. Someone please fire Juan!!!
13th ammendment DID NOT ANOLISH SLAVERY STOP THE LIES.
When will you fire Juan.....he's such an idiot.  He has nothing to offer!
Juan is jealous because he will never be in the white house, He will always be crying like a little kid that makes the wrong decisions.
Anyone else see the 1000 point dip in the stock market? My stocks did :)
I'd love to see Trump visit Chicago inner city! MAGA!!! Trump 2020!!!
Juan belongs to CNN. Go away! Get lost!
DOW LOST 1000 IN 2 DAYS,,,,the little  mushroom dk down turn is upon us
Put the chains back on your cohost , crazy Democrat just showed himself. Trump 2020 I'm smarter than you
Once again Juan speaks a bit of truth when he says, "I DON'T UNDERSTAND." Williams doesn't have a clue what it really true.
Has anyone read 13th amendment?? It states Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United States, or any place subject to their jurisdiction. Notice Except as a punishment ... thats what he was talking about!!! Im surprised Juan wasnt corrected right there and that on that point!!
Why won't Juan just go work for people like him.. CNN, msnbc, or pbs...
unfortunately for Conservatives  fox news doesn't pay attention to comments here -because every video posted from the 5  the comments all say the same thing - great show except when williams opens his mouth -- he just keeps getting worse n worse -really does need to go cnn msnbc back to pbs somewhere besides ruining every show he is part of on fox news -- and really go write a different book n push it off on socialist supporters on cnn msnbc or any other media channel ---   

wwg1wga --   maga  rjh
How about this Juan? Phuck U you phucken  hass ole!!  You are an agent of evil. Whether you know it or not.
. Kanye is Cray Lol...
Kanye has gone Dumb again ..
PLEASE remind me why Fox News has that racist, slanderous, evil liberal dirtbag Juan Williams on this channel again??? Go schlep your racist views on the true hate network CNN Williams you friggin HACK!! And your feigned anger at swear words in the Oval Office is laughable at best considering your hero Bill Clinton destroyed any meaning of significance for that room loooong ago. LONG LIVE MAGA!!
Kanye's off his meds and being exploited by Trump and Fox.
2 mental cases,,,THE PUSSYGRABBER IS BATSHIT CRAZY
Kanye left the plantation and the democrats arent happy about it.
nojuan u r so ingnorant ASSH
Jaun Williams is an atypical Democrat puppet saying nothing but party rhetoric.  I, as are many, are so tired of hearing nothing but negativity from them.  Lets face it.  President Trump will NEVER do anything right in their eyes.  If he found a cure for cancer they would say that it will reek havoc on the drug companies and cause massive  unemployment in that industry and in some way tie it to climate change.
So Kanye is the greatest? What would you say if he was a Trump critic?
Juan is a D**K
It was shameful to use him like this,  you can tell Kanye is sick though, and I  cringed almost all the way through, I'm sorry but you can see it.
As a very old Liberal ... here's the reality: Trump is fulfilling all the (earlier) Liberal dreams. It's about employment over welfare. It's the Democrats that seem to want to keep blacks in poverty and to control them with welfare ... AND, break up families by rewarding single mothers who have more and more kids without fathers. EMPLOYMENT and building is the ONLY way out! We all know it and that's the simple Trump ideology: build, work, create a great America ... AGAIN!
F off Juan!  You are a racist hater.  All you want to do is divide up the nation with your bs narratives.  Trump have black friends and have lots of black employees all his life.
Yea, that was Special alright. 
Not a summit since K.W. is not a world leader, yet. Trump Kanye 2020. LOL
We need Juan Williams around  to remind us what we're  against as conservatives. Cynicism, anger and resentment. Hope for a better America and a brighter future is what I wish for every American.
China didn't take those factories, America outsourced them.
I have seen more black men have discussions with Trump at the white house this year just because Trump feels like trying something different yet they said it was an attack on the white house. Kanye literally said the president has to look great for all of us. I'm really understanding where the Trump supporters were coming from and it's clear now what Trump has been doing; he's making Americans tell him how to fix the issues they have and he's learning what jobs are better fits.
Is Brown and West Black? Lol, Juan doesn't think they are.
I can't get my head around the mindset. Juan's comments are bizarre.
LMAO @gutfield
Way to go Juan!! Tell it like it is! And make these trump supporter's look more stupid!!!
The Guilty Dog barks first. It's the DEMOCRATS that are racist....it's ALL they ever talk about!!! Trump employed all kinds of people and THEY INSIST that he he NOT racist. Do your homework, dammit!!
Real Alpha men working together not sitting around and coloring their hair  color.why is Juan still around beta male.juan is racist himself to go that far
Juan is upset with some naughty words?  Really?   SNOWFLAKE!
Juan is def a dunkey jackass
Kanye West belongs in carrier clinic 
I have said this many times....the Don Lemon show is the MOST racist thing on MSM
The Muppet show continues. Its confirmed the WH has become an asylum centre for lunatics.
Now I'm okay with Kanye interrupting Taylor (leftard) Swift at the music awards.
she is dead on...love the 5...toss Juan the hell out
I like that African handshake Ronald McDonald did with Kanye! That's the brotha love for each other!!! Wait till the White Supremacists from Virginia see this!!! Once they let Trump know! Kanye won't be allowed back in the White House!!
Juan is unreasonable, sounds stupid, why are you arguing with him, he does not make any sense, he is a Bolshevik.
Juan, Juan, Juan..........come on. You are just like oh, "Sweet Polly". Juan, man. I like to watch your opposite remarks because you are like a side kick to Gutfeld. Comical.
Juan is the person who everyone loves to hate.
Negro... lol
F U Juan racist ass h.
This ninja is STILL in a "sunken place". Stick to rapp. Its ok to say dumb ish in music!
Kanye is on a new level but people that dont know him dont realize he hasnt changed hes always been like this and expanded his mind
The left is so scare to lose 10% or 15 or 25% of blk americans
Takes A Lot Of Ballz For An Entertainer Like Kanye To Speak Up For The President,CNN And MSNBC Are Gonna Pick This Apart........Good On Him Sticking It Up Those Uppity Liberals........I Loved His Earlier Albums,Lets Make Kanye Albums Great Again Also.
I literally stopped this video in anticipation of the bullshit that was gonna come out of Juans mouth.
I'm only 1:50 in and I know that wack job is going to be against this. I don't dislike to many people but I dislike Juan person. Your an ass. The four is a great show.
Why is it you cant call someone who identifies as female a he, but you can say negro on the news
Why is it when a black man speaks his mind and black people don't like it, he's a Token Negro?
Kanye is an attention seeking Uncle Tom negro_ a mental asylum case that gets attention for hogwash diatribe that comes out of his mouth!
Why bother you just ate the Dems. 
Juan Williams talked about the disrespect that was shown in the Oval Office with Kayne meeting Trump.  I am not a Kayne fan but I see nothing wrong with a citizen speaking to  the President about his concerns.  As for disrespect, I don't remember Trump putting his feet on the Resolute Desk in the Oval Office like Obama did.
Great line he just ate the democrats love it
Does anyone know how Juan's book is doing compared to the other books written by the others around the table?
Let see how amazing they do in Chicago I already know big k has so many great ideas that are going to fix there terrible situation that the Democratic Party put them in, thank you big k for being yourself don't listen to your fake friends they will never understand what your all about. Trump 2020 what was he talking about
Juan is just a race baitrer
Kanye dressed as Christ and republikkkans whined.
it is really rare when I agree with any american media,  but this time, I totaly agree. A full  scale fulled colored white, orange  black dickheads  disgrace of white house as  this white house of idiots is disgrace for the whole world.  After the UN presentation where the whole world was   laughing on the orange mushroom dickhead, I thought that it is the lowest low for United  Shitholes of Assholes  and never ever can happen that somebody will be so stupid as the POTUS.  I was wrong. Congratulation for advising team of garbage mushroom dickhead, they digged   up a black dickhead  with orange cap on his dickhead even bigger dickhead as the orange      one. BTW I am not democ-rat or Garbage Old Party  fan, even not american , british, or any of   these garbage . Make America /great/Empty Again. Greetings to Big Brother NSA fascists.     Yahwallah akbarshalom
Juan Williams can't stand the thought of black people thinking for themselves. He wants them all to stay on the plantation forever, he reminds me of Samuel L Jackson's character in Django.
KANYE WEST ONE OF THE MOST TALENTED ARTIST OF ALL TIME????? HAHAHA GTFO
All we have is today yeah, lets just not worry about the irreversible damage were doing to the climate because that doesnt happen till the future!
How to PUBLICLY spank a Democrat.
Conversation on Kanye West...
Bob Smith This Man has Money, this Man has Power, this Man has Intelligence, This man has everything you aspire to have and some of you FOOLS call Him "Uncle Tom" Why because he made himself with his own two hands? Follow his lead.
Teresa Franklin- No it's because he worships at the feet of white Men that wouldn't spit on him if he was A regular working Joe.
Bob Smith Teresa Franklin Ponder me this...Why do you belittle People based on the color of their skin? Why is it that you feel that a Person with Black skin is less than yourself? Do you REALLY believe they cannot accomplish anything on their own? I believe MANY have accomplish MUCH without your "Mothering" or "Protection" I as a White Republican I believe in their abilities...Join in won't you? Abraham Lincoln did in 1863. Now I (and you) know the Democratic Party has attempted in every way you can to suppress them. It is 2018 take your KKK hood off!! Anything else "Mother Teresa"?
Republicans = RESULTS
Kayne West...biggest ego in the world.  I guess he thinks he's ready to compete w/Trump for the presidency in 2020.  And Kanye is NOT the world's biggest pop star.  He just has the world's biggest ego.
WHOAAAA MSNBC, BEING A BIT RACIST ARE WE?
Juan is a IDIOT
Kanye is CANCELLED
So they finally got there token black guy. Sorry he is off his meds
I listened until juan or whatever his name is started talking and then I got up to go to the bathroom and vomit.
Juan never had a problem with Obama Hanging with the Stars......HYPOCRITE.....And a Racist!!!!
Juan youre a pathetic racist
Of the Five, I cant help but think of my Childhood and an old song on one of our Favorite shows...One Of these things just Doesnt Belong Here. One of these things just Doesnt Belong. Can you Tell me Which One?  The Hypocritical One. The One who says This is Donald Trump showing he isnt Racist.  NO, Dumba**, this is KANYE Showing he isnt a COMMUNIST TRAITOR.  SERIOUSLY DUDE, the left has done NOTHING BUT PARADE PAWNS ACROSS THE TV WHO YELL AND SCREAM AND INCITE VIOLENCE. We are SO DONE with IDIOTS! ESPECIALLY ones who are ALLOWED TO SPEAK IN PUBLIC LIKE THEY SPEAK FOR REAL AMERICANS. Im talking about msm (except for our PATRIOT, INVESTIGATIVE JOURNALISTS  AT FOX)
Just MAGA 2018 2020 viva kayne west TRUMP 
 I thought it was great.. it was real.. and another winning moment when they signed the musicians act.. even the haters got in that package. Millions they save now thanks to who? PRESIDENT TRUMP.. Obama only let them in for free concerts. He wouldn't do the musicians a deal they needed. Beneath him. So yet another dig at Obama's record.. record of doing nothing for people
get more jobs out there so men and women can work instead of going to jail.-- Thank you, Kanye!
We have plenty of different jobs hiring here in Chicago. Just some people is lazy and like easy money
Keep kissing the mushroom mans butt! You do it every day!
Juan is funny as everyone knows he does not understand anything ever.
respect the Oval Office? Juan, Obama had Jay Z, Black Lives Matter and Muslim Brotherhood in the White House.
Juan Williams is such a left wing stupid liberal I don't see how gutfeld and the rest of the five don't get bored of his stupid liberal bias views.
Now here's Jaun pulling the race card immediatley.It's a good thing when the two can use language they  understand without worrying about being politically  correct. As far as "Colon" goes the only way he'll takk to Trump is if Trump signs a multi miilion contract with him for who knows what.If"Crapperlicker" wants to promote his "cause"or concern that would be the place to do it, not on the field where fans are paying him to do his job. However that won't give him another shot at his career and he's already lost the NFL agood chunk of change.I
why oh why oh why does the left allllllllllllllways bring up racism
Kanye has broken the matrix.  He's bringing the love.  It's refreshing to see. God Bless America.
Great day! I'm hoping Kanye will not assume he's now the big kid on the block, but Kanye was there! I think Kanye West deserves credit.  I think this was a great day. I am so happy that Donald Trump is President.  This would never have happened any other way. I think everyone who spoke deserved credit.
   I think President Trump recognized some of Kanye's attributes. Of course if he didn't; the meeting wouldn't have happened. Kanye has potential. It would be great if they got a new factory there.
If Juan the clown stay on the show they r going to loose the show
Is it me or she saying that Kanye West meeting President Trump was an assault on our White House kinda racist?
Kanye sounds like a preacher ... maybe a new vocation?
MAGA!  LOVE TRUMP.
I have no idea who Kanye West is nor am I going to bother asking Mr. Google, I have no interest.  Although supportive of the President his manners and lack of class and decorum are astounding.  He is in the Oval Office talking with the President of the United States not with one of his buddies in the local watering hole!  This is what we have been reduced to today. A land of barbarians.
Kanye West is a Patriot!
when juan talks i click next
Kanye is a example of don't smoke crack before going to the white house
Love the part were trump is like true true
Kanye is awake.
"He's a jackass!" ~ Barack Obama on Kanye West
Welfare isn't a hand- out it's a hand cuff
Remember how many women Hilary had backing her up and what did it accomplish? Zero.
KANYE IS BLACK..........JUAN WILLIAMS IS BLACK............WHY CAN'T 2 BROTHERS GET TOGETHER ON THIS?
let's get get toghether    now now people
every boy   girl woman and a man....
Juan is a racist!
Pls get this black guy off this great show.... Am black.. And I love trump... This guy's are impossible'
"If you used mental illness as a disqualifying factor to express opinion, you'd have no guests on your network." Oh god, it's so true. Perfectly stated.
Juan just can't get it, poor fellow.
Bill Clinton isnt president, hasn't been for two decades.  On top of that, Clinton faced a grand jury and was impeached for perjury.  I dont think hes the example that Trumpists wanna use.
I suddenly teared up when he got up and hugged President Trump. Just now, my spell chek text help refused to put up Trump after I did PresidentIt actually had KimYou are a prop juan, so maybe you think you can say that. Why does Fox renew your contract? Hello?!I hear crickets, only.
Really he spoke his mind something everyone needs to start doing, lets stop with the bs please lets work together for our country. I wish everyone in the media would take a stand for America and true justice
The thing about dog whistles is that only bitches can hear it.
A true racist would never hug a black person trump is not a racist
"13th Amendment Section 1

Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United States, or any place subject to their jurisdiction."

When was slavery abolished? Looks like the mode of slavery was just changed.
Juan Williams is such an illogical person. Kanye is a hero for black people. Really for all people. Juan is a joke. He won't ever be honest about the left because he knows that as soon as he does, they will roast him and turn on him. He won't have a home there anymore. Take the leap Juan! It's better to think for yourself.
Juan Yawn!
He can say whatever he wants to say and how ever the f*** he wants to say it. I understood the message
Obama went out of his way to not hug white guys.
World's biggest male pop star? I don't think so.
Juan supports Farrakhan and his anti-Jew agenda!  But that is just his Black Rage & Hate!  Concessions for what Juan?  More free stuff???
Kanye is a very sharp businessman and Juan's accusation about Kanye being used, a prop, is an insult. Hey Juan, what came out about this meeting was the discussion about bringing big companies into Chicago with good paying jobs and working on the strategy to get it done.
Juan Williams should go to work for CNN
Don't let these shills convince you that this was anything short of insane.  Kim Jong Un has Dennis Rodman, Trump has Kanye, thats all this was.
West is a self-important, bipolar fool.
I'm a white conservative. And I'm younger being 30. That being said, blacks get the same critique from me as whites or any American citizen.  Do you want to succeed? Do you work? Do you pay taxes? Are you pursuing a better future for yourself?  Thats what matters to me the taxpayer who is going back to college in 3 months. Are you Making America Great Again, for ALL CITIZENS?
Juan is a real niglet. Juan makes blacks look bad just like Jesse Jackson and the other great black leaders.
Kanye mentions stopping "Stop & Frisk." They're talking about it, he's picturing it.
Juan is still a toolbag.
Juan Williams is an idiot
Wait, Republicans now support this absolute idiot now that he supports Trump? Thats all it took? Both parties are absolutely insane.
Trump is winning everyday. And the Dems hate it. I am the train. The Trump Train!!!
Lol remember when your sorry ass station hated the thought of rappers at the WH?
Countdown to Kanye sexual misconduct allegations in 3...2...
Juan is ruining this news panel for me!
EVERY TIME JUAN STARTS TALKING I JUST FAST FORWARD TO ANYONE ELSE SPEAKING.......... HIS ENTIRE APPROACH IS NOTHING BUT MISERY........... DEPRESSING , MISERY GUTS JUAN
and Hillary and rats have been selling all the family silver for decades ...for personal profit...the want like this...
Even Don the Con looked embarrassed.  You make me sick could you crawl any further up his arse.
C'mom Juan, stop defending those dirt bags...get out of the gutter...
Wake up to yourself Juan once you open your mouth I have to change stations
Juan Williams is a total idiot, its about time Fox News drop him from their network.....
Please let go of Juan already! We've had enough. Let ClownNewsNetwork hire him.
MSNBC are moron idiot fake news
Juan = idiot.
I AGREE THAT STOP AND FRISK IS UNCONSTITUTIONAL! HOW DO YOU DETERMINE WHO GETS STOPPED AND FRISKED?
F you, Juan.
Juan does not think for himself he is all script. A country without borders is no country. A Juan without a script is no man.
No apocalypse. It isnt 2024 yet...
A no body stands (kanye) next to the biggest drama queen (trump) HE WANTS ATTENTION BECAUSE PEOPLE FORGOT ABOUT WHO THE HELL THAT IS DRAKE IS HOT KANYE WHO IS THAT LOL 
5:25 did fox news just admit to infowars moto, "there's a war for your mind"?
Juan Williams is idiot fool hypocrite he makes me sick with his ramblings
Juan Williams, You're Bonkers!!
I don't believe Juan Williams elevator goes all the way up. You might say his bread is not done all the way or maybe he's a few bricks shy of a full load. Maybe even the lights on but no ones home.
I love seeing liberals go nuts these past few years...it's been a pleasure seeing how out of touch with reality they are
Juan is a buffoon
Kanye is a complete moron. He wants Trump supporters to vote for him when he runs for president.
Trump is racist look at him
GOLLY! Kanye West!! While you're at it I'm sure Donald Trump would've like a blow job, Stick to what you know which isn't anything!!!
Dragon Energy
Juan has obviously dank the grape kool-aid. STAY AWAY from the kool-aid people.
0:45 TELL THAT TO WHOOOPI GOLDBERG KANYE
Kanye West wants to cure DETROIT. What happened to Detroit was outsourcing... So he just wants to go backwards.
Didn't fox news bash the obamas for inviting the actor/rapper Common to a poetry reading??? But this admitted pill popper/rapper is suggesting policy reform and community outreach, and republicans at fox arent outraged???
Bravo kanye, bravo Trump. I was moved by this. Thank you . Real people, real stuff .
Ive never heard a single Kanye West song...worlds biggest pop star? I appreciate Kanyes courage, but the fact that a musician has influence or sway over the American collective, is disturbing. Our heroes are disturbing.
How the hell doesn't these people around the table don't lay into Juan with his insensitive racist remarks.  He keeps on connecting Republicans to white supremacy and Charlottesville.   That's offensive.  Why don't you try to make a difference Juan instead of constantly acting like a bigoted jackass!
GOOGLE CHILDREN FLESH PILLS FROM CHINA!
How totally humiliating for the US.  Our moron president meets with an insane rapper off his meds, both of them uttering moronic and unintelligible garbage.   BTW, Florida is in a state of emergency, US healthcare is in disaster mode, the deficits have climbed to over $1T per year and climate change is going totally unaddressed.  

Some of you idiots voted for this intentional disaster.
Juan is an absolute joke.  Fox News biggest waste of money.
Starting to think Juan is rscist...not me..shame on Juan
Liberals like Juan want to divide and keep everyone separate. Skin color skin color skin color, that's all they think about.  Kanye West is a PERSON first and foremost.
Well done, Kanye! I pray these 3 guys change the world! It would be wonderful for my kids and generations to come.
This rapper is a rank and unadulterated opportunist.
Im embarrassed that my president gave this moron his time.
Pop Star - only because the population are force-fed his music.
Kayne isn't scientifically literate enough to understand why his gift to Trump is currently, in technical terms, a very bad idea for now until technology evolves enough to make his hydrogen fueled plane work for a POTUS.
JUAN IS AN EXAMPLE OF HOW STUPID PEOPLE GET WATCHING CNN PROPAGANDA!
Why do they have one on this network they need to fire him immediately he is a racist bigot Democrat that need to go work at CNN where he belong so he can be a token
Dems will never see any good in good. This was good! It was a great moment between friends. Kanye has some serious balls to stand up to these group thinkers that nothing, is ever, good enough. These dems would bash Gandhi! Losers! You lose. You keep losing! Get used to losing!
Wow, Juan is a racist, idiot
I'll have to go back and see what Greg Gutfeld/FOX had to say during Kanye's Bush/Katrina moment
I thought I was a white racist but I like what Kanye has to say..maybe we can get along...?
Nice .
Kanye speaking unscripted from his heart. I know, because cnn says he can't read.
Are all Trumpanzees raving lunatics.. YES!!!
Terrific trio
PROGRESS BABY PROGRESS!    Nobody can stop real PROGRESS because this right here is MOMENTOUSLY BEAUTIFUL!   I am all inspired and permanently OFF the fake ass Liberal PLANTATION. The deceivers cant wrangle ME because I am FREE!
I don't think Juan reads
I  personally never liked Kanye West,  But if  he's willing to sacrifice coolness for humanity,  then he's alright with me!  Whatever gets you to peace and love of all is not bad, but good!
Juan plays the race card again. It's all that's Left.
Go Kanye!
6.44. Wait for it, here it comes from Mr Negative Juan... always the glass is half empty, not half full... he says KW is a prop  !!! Juan, you are the most negative person on YouTube. Thats including the idiots on cnn ncsbn
I love Trump, I love Q, I love Kanye,  I  love you guys , I love all beautiful, love g true human beings on this planet.. all blood sucking really effed up parasites MUST  GO..I you don't  get it  y'all be Blown  OUT. Your day has come scummy,LYING bastards.. last , very last chance for you to start thinking which way your bread is really butterered..except Its NOT !!!!!
Look at that black guy
Am a black guy this is my question Why do black people hate black people?
At least we let Juan talk. They never let a conservative express thought on the other stations so at least the other side gets to speak unlike cnn.msnbc etc etc.
Foxnews propaganda. HYPOCRITES!  Imagine Obama in the Oval Office with some rapper dropping F-bombs sitting at the resolute desk!  This is lunacy! Kanye's gibberish is worse than Trump's , maybe that's why he likes him. 2 mentally ill people
@Fox News the idea of working together and help America be great again is truly amazing. But the reality of things are that America went from being a nation of hope to a war machine that cant stop nor fund its own infrastructure because power hungry people care more about wars. As leaders here in America keep attacking Russia, China and anyone else while its obvious our infrastructure is falling apart and the citizens and politicians are divided. A house divided is meant to fall, if Putin is smart all he have to do is relax and watch America fall on it's chaos. As nature ravages America and leaves us more vulnerable and weak all China and Russia have to do is weight, after a coming big quake and some insane hurricanes then they can come sweep the nation without any resistant. America who was the police of the world soon will need others to police it and because Americans are too busy fighting they won't see it coming 
Kanye was excellent and spoke eloquently, even with the cursing. It showed he is a real person and definitely not crazy.
Fox really should look at these comments. People are throwing up and dying listening to Juan's Bullshit. fffuuuuuuuggg I hate this guy
Thank you Kanye!
Guttfield is such a moron... simply the worst on Fox .. Hail Tucker
Juan need to be fired from fox, or I will stop watching.
I don't enjoy Juan. He does remind you (without having to turn on CNN) that the left's con is always to make it about racism.
Kanye is the man.  He was e cited and that's good.  On its face it at least shows that Trump is a racist.
I love my America!
Neither Obama, Clinton nor Bush ever invite a key representative of black America into the Oval Office.
Kanye is right but I dont think the left cares. 
The globalist left is like a virus. It has infected the african american community with lies and deceit, poverty, and oppression. This community is waking up now to the nightmare that is the Left today.
Brown does lots for blacks in Chicago!  Juan, grey a grip!
Ya know what?  He needs to settle down...  He went to far.
I hated kanye until that speech on TMZ.    I finally realized this crazy dude wasnt as crazy as I thought. He just speaks his message in a unusual way
Fox News are you reading these comments hello there.... we are sick and f**** tired of listening to Juan Williams BS either get rid of him or allow the other hosts to eviscerate him finally!
Greg Gutfelds unique reporting style was made for the Trump era!!! Greg Gutfeld fan since Red Eye News!!!!
Love Trump love Kanye but Juan can lick the dog poo from my boots every year on his birthday.
Juan Williams is so negative!     Yuch!!!
We get it! No matter what is done, or said, it's never good enough for the liberal left. Great economy, low unemployment and a strong military and hopefully a fence, to protect this country. And it's never good enough! Mind you, Obama did none of these things and he's considering "the man." Personally, I see it as a "spiritual battle." Good versus evil Those who believe in a higher power, the Creator, and those who believe they are their "own" creations (transgenders, the progressives, Hollywood etc.). I wish the 10 Commandments were back in our society and schools. Now, everything is "relative" to what you "think or FEEL" is right or wrong vs. what somebody else thinks or FEELS is right or wrong. Now, if it "feels good" do it! So the left, has no problems "pandering" to people with "free" this, and "free" that. That's because it's not their money!! Just like a "child" does with their parents money. Where are the adults on the left? They don't even denounce their bad behavior etc. In fact now, they are promoting it! Kanye in his weirdness, still has more going for him then most of them. They've got to hate that. The left "eat their own" no matter what the color of their skin.
thank you kanye west ..very cool ;)
trump is best president since jfk
Assault on the white house??  WTF?? Jes just a real person  geez
This is why we elected president Trump.We knew he was a man of his word.Even with the whole deck stacked against him,the establishment song and dance and all their joker's cannot keep a good man down.The positive expression of masculinity and better times are ahead is the trademark of faith.
For liberals suggest that blacks should only be liberal is bigotry at its best. For them to call conservative blacks " Uncle Toms" or white supremacist is disgusting.  Their bigotry will make them self destruct.
Not sure why Fox keeps Juan on the pay roll.  This show is a turn off because of Juan.
Juan is a hater, and haters are always gonna hate.
Fox uses Juan to show the stark contrast between conservative values and the utter foolishness of the left. Juan only has a job on the FIVE because he acts like buffoon. I feel sorry for a man like this.
Lol,juan williams,u crazy muthufuka..smh
Oh please??? Every bad word there is has been said in that office. I don't understand why people think all of our past presidents were saints? They really need to study history. The only difference today is that the media was in there and they shared it to the public. There used to be a time the media did not and would not report on the sexual affairs and foul language of presidents. Foul language is NOTHING new in the Oval Office. Plenty of nasty things have been done and said in the Oval Office.
I feel like Juan Williams is watching a completely different feed of the meeting.  Someone has to be paying him.
I'm crying
Thank you Kanye. I'm so proud of you bruhh. MAGA
Juan you sound racist!
That's Juan salty negro.
juan cant see the forest through the trees
Thats because youre a blind sheep Juan...Follow your parties leaders right off the cliff
America is healing stronger than before
Fox just likes to be opposite with MSNBC on everything, even though its stupid. Open your mind and do not support people so blindly. Ridiculous both liberals and conservatives. 

By the way wasnt West-ass blasphemous of Bush for being a racist? Now Fox supports West? Haha look like political parties take anyone who support them without thoughts.
Kanye is one if the greatest artist of all time lmmfao!!!!!!! HAHAhahaha ahahaha hahaha hahaha hahaha
Keep following the money..
Typical Juan, he had to make it a racist issue
Trump doesnt watch the 5
Dammit Juan! Stop racism and race-baiting on Fox! It does not belong on television or in peoples homes! This is not MSNBC!
Juan is low IQ
Juan is a loser. STFU
Liberal closet racists in full force today.
MSNBC CNN is a joke! You all should be ashamed of yourselves!
Juan is so close minded. He always looks and sounds angry. His apparent hatred of Trump tells me he may think he is a Christian, but he doesn't behave like one. He is the example of liberalism and why the are losing.
I usually leave when Juan starts to lose it. I really cant stand his insane recycled pre-approved leftist rhetoric
Who was the craziest guy in the room?
I need to find a way to get voting to all the victims of hurricane Michael. I don't know drive around everywhere with paper ballots and let the people vote. Make some kind of amendment that people who were struck down by this hurricane have the right to vote and must be included. Got any ideas how else to do this chimein please.
Besides loving the results of Trump's tenure up to this point, what I love even more is that whenever Trump opens his mouth, he triggers left-wingers.  I think most of us will look back on the era of Trump with the same nostalgia that we do Reagan.  The good times are rolling.
Juan needs to go to CNN.
Mute Juan
That's why the Dems will never win another election. Period!
Kanye sounds like an idiot to me.  I support Trump almost 100%, and it's tempting to identify other people who also support Trump and suggest that they're brilliant. Kanye is not brilliant. Half of what says barely even makes sense.  If he succeeds in convincing more Blacks to support Republicans, then great.  But I'm not going to pretend he's a brilliant thinker just because he supports Trump.

And I'm really disappointed with the conservative talking heads, like Gutfield who pretend they find some wisdom in Kanye's incoherent rambling.
Kanye is all over the place, rambling on, jumping from one topic to another. That guy is an embarrassment, sometimes its better to be seen and not heard.
LMAO........Dude is KOO-KOO
Renaissance
LMAO lady's and gents we got em  a leprechaun and a mentally I'll monkey together in the white house 
So Juan is a Token Negro?
I'm so sick of racists calling Trump a racist.... Three of the biggest racists in all of America are Obama, Michelle, and Obama's pastor jerimiah wright!
Juan Williams please fire him! He is ludicrous! HE NEEDS TO GO!!!! Arrogant non sense completely out of mind racist JACK! PLEASE !!!?? HAS TO GO! WE HAVE HAD ENOUGH!!!
Yeah. I Love it. BULLSEYE
If Kanye has done anything, hes proven how unhinged and vindictive The Left truly is when you rebel from their brainwashing.
JUAN IS SUCH A MORON!!!!
HEY  FOX NEWS 
GO BACK TO YOUR
NEWS CHANNEL 
STAY OFF YOUTUBE 
Stfu Juan, you are so annoying
Juan Williams regarding KW is totally correct.
IGNORANT Juan  !
Doesnt Kanye make his cheap ugly clothes in China?
So if you don't have black friends you're racist and if you have black friends you're also racist.
Juan Williams is psychotic.  He thinks Trump is racist for no reason so he uses pretzel logic to explain this meeting away as Trump using Kanye to hide non existent racism.
You a piece o shite depp !
It was going well until Juan spoke up. Not sure I can do him again folks.
At least Juan's son is smarter than him. His son is Republican.
I don't  see what the black dude see's......
You can tell that those who oppose what is  good are godless or they are doing it for 
Didnt tomi n Laura say entertainers and athletes should stay in their place. The hypocrisy is real.
I don't like stop and frisk, it's an invasion of your rights, BUT IT WORKS, show me something that works, because people are dying
Seems as though left has gone too far stupid. Our kids don't releate to our father generation.  Miss the old times, hoping that we can truce. Parlay!  Jack sparrow callef for "parlay"  whens the last time someone shot an actor ?
Wow Juan is getting more disrespectful every show. Laughing over Dana at the end even though she gave him a proper respect about being passionate on the subject. What a turd.
Love Trump , Love Kanye, Hate all the negativity and strife created by the marxist left.  But if it has to be a fight, so be it, the USMC taught me a few things.... God Bless the Q Patriots....WWG1WGA
He was called a " TOKEN NEGRO" just for expressing his opinion, Which included LOVE.
I want to watch the five but juan keeps making me want to shut it off
Juan Williams black man he is All ways against some thing  positively Juan against,  this black man need go to cnn , cnn deserves each other.
CNN is Disgusting.
Juan is the only guy who sees it like it is! Love him! Trump worst PRESIDENT EVER!
Kanye, much respect brother.
Totally digging on Kanye as of late, not since Collage Dropout ...you go Ye! Keep up that "Dragon Energy"!
CNN= COMMUNIST NEWS NETWORK
It's good to hear and see Juan Williams do I can scratch my head and ask What's in democrat brain?
Trade koon-ye for Taylor swift
Kanye has no talent, he is an idiot, and you have to be an idiot to think his music is good.
no one on snl tried to "scare" or "bully" kanye into not wearing that dumb hat... more fake news from the kings at fox
What I saw was COURAGE...from 2 people who really care about the future of our country.
only weird part was when Kanye didn't clarify that he doesn't think Trump is a racist.
MAGA! 2018.......2020
Fox News your courage over the couple of weeks has been nothing short of outstanding. Our trailblazing President inspired our generations best artist which will only lead to a better tomorrow. Thank you again for all that you do for all Americans Mr. President Trump
Is Juan on this panel to appease white racists?  If so please fire him
Wow Mr.West -" Our President" & " all we have is today", how true . When Taylor endorses a democrat, she is a hero, When Kanye speaks his mind he is a 'token Negro' Don lemon and crew are the real racists.
Leave it to Juanito the token dummy to come up with his stupid views that nobody cares 
about...Pendejo!!!
But ...America does still have a money problem... wtf . I'm still suffering like I always have. We are further in then we ever have been. Trump put a few Band-Aids for sure, but. Is this really gonna solve much, with yet again another tax hike?
Kanye Kanye Kanye
Does this guy just make fun of people? I'm scared to watch the rest of the video because he just keeps being a meanie
Juan everytime you open your trap only crap comes out
Juan, are you a token minority being an uncle Tom? Just saying...
JUAN YOU DOINT UNDERSTAND BECAUSE YOUR A DEMORAT IDIOT FOOL SIT DOWN AND SHUT THE HELL UP
I bet Chicago is going to get hit with a big wave of LAW AND ORDER!
Juan got to go he brain dead
I teared up ! That is multi coultural ..not open border muslums invasion ) it's always natural ...oh JUAN ......come on ....never ever ever you never seen anything positive? You are so miserable ...you think white can not understand black???? Ever ? what is so special to understand??? And it's white perublicans that ENDED SLAVERY  let's just stop with you ...all you have is Charlottesville???? I agreed with Trump before terumo said that both sides we're wrong !!!! That is what he said in case black people heard it wrong .  .he said BOTH SIDES AND BOTH SIDES DID I SEEN IT WITH MY OWN EYES BLACK GUY WITH A CAN OF BLASING FIRE THING ...A CAN THAT WAS BLASING FIRE AND A BIG ONE THAT WHAT EXCALATED THE WHOLE VIOLENCE AND GOT WHITE GIRL KILLED .  ..you are making EVERYBODY sick already you want to be able to hate whites!!! then do but you'll have to do it inside your head ...I'm tired of hearing that you are oppreast now ... You want something from white race that you don't have rights too ....you didn't suffer nothing quite the opposite. Why do what me to hate you if I don't want to ??? Nobody cares about your color. . but every other nation groop tribe you will have to bring yourself up !!!!! You can't be having g what you didn't do. ..you got same RIGHTS AND SAME RESPONSIBILITIES .... AS ALL OF AMERICANS ..THERE IS NO MORE  .. the rest is all you like everybody .. what do you want ????Juan?? What do you prepouse??? Like the rest of Dems it's the shiny words that Obama read in the books... You all talk about things that youcant do, don't have the rights to do, and don't understand what it is you are asking for , and this isn't Russia and I don't think it can happen here ... Russians were always a heard a pack a mob  ....Americans were always free thinkers ...that's why it don't work .
I love it !!
What came out of it ?  The lowest black unemployment in thirty years !!  Juan.
i know this was just kind of an initial meeting between Trump and Kanye, but if those 2 talk and have some serious discussions, i think they could both do the U.S. a lot of good !!!
Kanye, you're awesome!
Juan is such a dishonest cnt. He knows His side has lost, and is trying to do everything he can to keep the black people on the Dem plantation. What a fking bastard.
You lost me at Juan.....
That's funny I love his positive thinking
2 Geminis sitting across each other lmao no wonder they agree with each other
Kanye West talks more sense and has more sense then any of those fake news maggots that read off their script Kanye and Trump are one hell of a team and they are MAGA!!
JUAN...............PLEASE HUSH.......
Juan is so depressing 
I love you for your kindness and sharing your way of thinking I STAND BY YOU
How does Trump keep his desk so clean?
jaun you are a sorry person, cnn needs you go apply..
Communist News CNN And others are now Downing Kayne cause he is speaking out.And Dems Can't Control him
AT LEAST TRUMP LISTENS TO BLACK PEOPLE... OBAMA WOULDNT EVEN SEE RODMAN. FACT..... GO TRUMP. JEWAN IS A RACIST IDIOT.
VOTE REPUBLICAN IN NOVEMBER 6.
The ONLY thing missing from Kanye's rant, Trump ass kissing, self promotion & praising was West calling Trump "Massa".....
S H A M E F U L ......
MEXICANS FOR TRUMP.
Juan is the definition of a cuck
Hey west wants to stop.  Stop and frisk cause a lot of good folks have to carry  it's a war zone
What's the point of this conversation besides thinking if me (black america) see Kanye wearing that hat while talking to Trump, I too will fall in line with his cult???
The 'progressive liberal' DamnOldCraps (i.e. Georgie 'the beak' SoreaAss Stooges) hate nothing more than a black man or woman leaving the government plantation!!! Brahahahahahaahahahahahahah
Juan....perfect example...of an UNCLE TOM.
I would disagree. Our own greed stole manufacturing jobs and mailed them to china with interest. We replaced those jobs with welfare paid for by the same people that allowed regulations to remove our ability to compete.
I think maybe what they are really upset about is he is a black man in the Whitehouse.
Juan Williams
Cry all you haters this is what a run away democratic slave sounds like speaking  to the most powerful man in the world, about what has happened to his people. None of the Progressive intellectual cowards never had or nerves / balls to speak to power on issues. Trump has 30% and growing and it's not because of Mr West it's because of the GateKeeper Mr. Obama  and the other progressive black illegal immogration supporting democratic jackass's  that don't speak to these issues where it needs to be  Heard" Bravo Kanye Bravo. "
There's a possibility to make actual good change and this guy is worried about bad language? What a dope. So blinded it sad. Get real man you are disconnected. Get him off the show and at least have a level headed logical liberal on there.
I changed my mind. Juan doesnt need to go to CNN he needs to go to Whoopys talk show. The Voice. Go Juan youd fit right in. 
I agree today with Juan on one thing, that really was no way to talk in the WH in the presence of the President!
Kanye was speaking with passion. Especially for the black community and Chicago. He's energetic about this passion and he's about to become larger than life! God bless him!!
screw krappernigger  he is not even significant.
What most ppl aren't taking into consideration is that we are only 3 generations away from Jim Crow era. The 4th generation are the decadents who will feel far removed from all the slavery/discrimination subject.  The 4th generation will be the ones to take off.
The pretending to like Kanye West is cringe worthy. lol
We love him too Kanye.  We love him too!  Kudos to kanye
INSANITY!
I agree with most of what you said got filled but the economy is a giant bubble no need to kid yourself it is a bubble
THE JUAN GUY IS STUCK AN ASSHOLE.
Juan is the only  one with a  brain
LMAO, its a crazy world were living in. Weve got to be on the right path if Kanye West and President Trump have a common goal of Making America Great Again!!
It's good to keep Juan there as the DNC lap dog
Juan is so far left, he glows blue!
Juan Williams: agent provocateur
Juan Williams is nothing but a big turd!
Trump always have been Invited to black mix tape from Black DJ and artists way before he even thought about running for president. The hood and the ghetto liked trump until the liberal media and Hollywood knew he was trying to save the US.
DJ woo kid , dj green lantern and wu tang and many more , 50 cent he was even on Drakes music video check for your self.
Time The Five fire Juan Williams
I feel like drinking a big glass of "Brondo" after watching this "Idiocracy"....
Juan you POS
Is Juan scripted to disagree with EVERYTHING everyone else says? If so I think it looks bad to have the only ethic person as the anti-Trump. It's like proving the twisted point the mainstream media tries to project that all colored people hate Trump.
Is that men stupid or what .they have been friends for a long time
Jesse please please clothesline him clothesline that f**** mother f***
When Juan speaks, everyone's IQ starts dropping fast.  I watch FOX so that I DON'T have to hear this immature, outdated, liberal, crap.  I know that they have Juan on as a token liberal/democrat but what will it take before he has to be off of the 5?  Are we waiting until he brings crayons and construction paper to the table?
kanye is no coward he is a peace maker, for God loves the peace maker and all you liberal's should learn from him!
This is so good, and the MSM Snowflakes will melt over this.
I saw the raw footage and thought it was so great. Hopefully everyone will start digging and looking for the raw photos and videos of things. What happened today I believe is a turning point. Praying people will start coming together like Kanye was saying. Unity.
Why does Juan have to rune every talking point? JUAN GO TO CNN YOUR FIT RIGHT IN.
Successful blacks on the democratic side dont want lower blacks to be successful thats proven by lemon and Williams
Juan is getting paid to just disagree with everything the other for talk about. He has no real substance with anything he says other than he just disagrees with everything
Can't listen to Juan. He's blinded by the liberal dogma and it's too crazy.
Now if we can get Kanye West to grab the mic from Taylor Swift again that would make America great again 
A little cringy but awesome to see
kanye hugging the president of USA, hows that not amazing again?
MSNBC and CNN are racist's... Where's the out cry now!!!!!!
Love it,the Liberals are going crazy!
MAGA
Love Jedediah shes a firecracker! Yes we have to promote our free speech and free thought !!
What a jerk
Ok i dont like Dana but she is a good observer
 TRUMP 2020 
Juan Williams should really shut up. Provoking racism. Dems love bringing up identity politics. Can't win
I think Shepherd Smith might have roofied Jaun an sexually molested him and that's why he's so miserable :(
I bet you NEVER seen a black man give love to a President not to  President Bill Clinton or Hillary!!!
juan is an @$$hole.
I like that Juan is on the show, yep he speaks his mind , AND that shows you what most liberals are really like, 
It's accentuate the negative at the same time eliminate the positive. 
MAGA 
And am a Brit ( in Scotland)
Juan is probably a fake liberal being paid a ton of money to be fake so that Fox seems balanced lol. Which is fine with me.
Dana brillient
would Juan JUST FOR ONCE JUST SHUT UP!!!!  -  I had tears in my eyes at the wonderful moment and the TRUE LOVE and PASSION in that room.... PLEASE DON'T LET THIS WEASEL juan... open his stupid mouth and pour CRAP AND DIRT on it!!
or maybe juan is just the "token" prop of the FIVE....  and has to play a part....  "oh' -"oh" - "oh"
Chapelle and C. Rock said it best," the most racist men are old black men"  and this guy sounds like a hater.
Sadly the assessment of the economic situation worldwide is through rose tinted glasses. The world is on the brink of economic collapse through massive debt and rising interest rates. It is most definitely NOT caused by Trump but look out he will get part of the blame.
Democrats are Evil
JUAN WILLIAMS IS AN ASSHOLE!!! Get that ignorant SOB off Fox
Donald Trump's former girlfriend, Kara Young, is half African-American; but you won't hear the MSM talk about that.
No no no America locks up black men so they can use them as CHEAP labor. America is taking JOBS from AMERICANS. Google it. AT&T laid off thousands of union call center employees to replace them with prisoners. McDonalds, Whole Foods, WalMart, Starbucks, and another 50 top companies profit from cheap prison labor. THIS SLAVERY IS ALLOWED BY THE 13TH AMENDMENT! This affects poor black, white, Hispanic people everywhere. Wake up folks
Yay for Ye!!!!
Great job Kanye
Juan you are the prop.
Kanye for VP.
The media is so racist its disgusting
Kanye belongs on the five
Wow Juan.....I do not see you going to the white house asking for anything
Ate em!! Num num num!! We love Donald Trump!!
Why is TRUMP hangin out with a satanist
Jo-Ann Williams = biggest ignoramus off all time
Best Timeline EVER
This excites me
Kanye West is not like most Blacks, who remain on the Plantation with the Democrat LIES!
Juan Williams is a leftist tool and Im sick of him.  Hes also illiterate as to the Constitution.  Actually listen to what Kanye is saying about the 13th amendment and read it.  I know exactly what hes talking about, but idiots like Whiny juan are to stupid or ideologically blind to see.
Juan is a shut mind brainwashed pinko
Kanye is the first one that makes sense
Juan-- Kanye is a prop.  What he means is "House Negro".  Sick of the racism from the left.
Fox if you don't get Juan off the air people are gonna boycott you guys.
God, when are they gonna gonna get rid of lying Juan Williams?
Trump better not say he always respected Kanye as an artist. "I've been listening to him ever since 'Late Registration'" For some reason, Kanye liking Trump makes me trust Trump a little less!
I like Gutfeld show except when Juan open his mouth, I change channel.
He had black people coming in.... Juan is a despicable racist. Smh
Juan is lost! Hes been programmed to be stupid by default. What a sorry case!
Juan is a liberal maniac, who always says NEGATIVE about POTUS, never really evaluates to comment
FOX,   Trade Juan for Kanye
Wake Up Mr.WEST
Jaun play9ng the "moral authority " card..
The way juanita talks through his nose is like nails on a chalkboard
Leave it to a black guy to be loud and foul-mouthed in our Oval Office.  Now he's Trump's dancing monkey.
Juan is in here to create debate & spice things up, he is just playing a role here folks, don't be too hard on him. Give Juan a break, he has a job to do.
Juan cackling in the background.....sigh.
Summit! What a joke. That wasn't a summit. It was a photo op of two narcissistic fools. Kayne is a joke not some political figure. Nor is he a genius as they keep saying. Genius of what? Being a fool? I could care less who he supports or whether he's a republican. If you like trump so much then shut the hell up and campaign for him. What was the spectacle for? Wear your MAGA hat if you want to, wear your T-Shirts supporting Trump who cares. Do it already and shut up. What this worthless president should have been doing is worrying about the people in Florida who got decimated in the Pan Handle yesterday. Trumps republicans! But no he'd rather sit and have this clown in the oval office make a fool of himself and stroke his ego. I don't respect Trump and I never will but I do respect the office and this so-called summit with Kanye was a joke. This POS sitting in the oval office using profanity is pretty disrespectful to the office. I tell you what, let Kanye take his ass down to Alabama or Kentucky or the backwoods of Tennessee and let them see your love for Trump in the deep woods of West Virginia. See if they care about what the hell you have to say Mr. West. My bet is we'll never see him again.
100% of the time Juan is going to say something absolutely ridiculous
WHY JUAN HAD OPEN IS YAPPER??????? ALL WAS FINE UNTIL.. HIM
Waters DUDE! @4:13 ALERT. Yes, Jim Brown one of all time greats in sports. Kanye West one of themost talentedartists of all time???? So he's right up there with Lennon & McCartney, David Bowie,Marvin Gaye, HELL James Brown? NOOOOOOO. NowYOU'REoverplaying your hand.
I'm a little nervous that Kanye is actually crazy enough to run for POTUS.  He's a great rapper.
Thats America love it.
Gutfeld nails it again ........winning
In Juan ideology: if Trump get sick, it's because he wants sympathy!
Jaun is a great gymnast 
No matter what Trump is wrong
I really believe Trump can turn it around for people who want to better their lives.  Good for Kanye not being a follower but a Leader
Juan is so far left I can't stand it when he opens his mouth of a hypocrite .
Anyone else start thinking that Kanye's been listening to Peterson speeches once he started in on the hero's journey?
Juans a stooge. He reminds me why I refuse to engage libtards.
LBJ's language was the worst!!
Kanye is not very articulate but, he is rich hmmm
NO MATTER WHAT TOPIC THE 5 HAVE MOST COMPLAINTS  HAVE NOTHING TO DO WITH THE SUBJECT  BUT ARE ABOUT JUAN THE GOOF, GET RID OF HIM
Talentless brain dead ASSHOLE!!!!
Juan, you never seems to see good where there is one.  President Trump has been treating the White House as people's house and invite many people to listen.  That is how he gets information and learn what is going on out side of the realm.
One way to fix Black communities is to stop killing Black leaders i.e. MLK, Fred Hampton, Meger Evers, David Walker, Nat Turner, Mark Clark ******************
please get a new Juan
I cant wait till Kanye is the president
I think with the democrats it's all just a put on
They're not really that shallow,mean and dull witted.
They're just trying to get your goat. But how many goats do they really need?
Arrrgggg.... why Kanye..... dudes unstable 
GIve peacemakers a chance, for goodness sake we have nothing to lose, cut Kanye some slack, at least he is trying to make a difference.
Kanye has won my heart. Juan you won my fart!
Kanye has proven. Without a doubt! He is the biggest asshole on the planet!!!!!
KANYE DOES NOT SPEAK FOR THE BLACK COMMUNITY 

THE CENTRAL PARK 5 DIDN'T DO IT
Juan is such douche bag, somebody please fire his ass
Jaun Williams looks like a BRUISED TURD !!
Juan is the token Negro of Fox News. A true whipping boy. Dance for us house boi, dance. Love that they don't fire him so we the viewers have a villian.
Juan Williams is a low IQ very very low IQ.
Juan 'the hater' Williams (with his untrustworthy mustache lol) seems out of place on this show
I do not care what Kanye says at all but I actually smiled when he got up and hugged Trump, that was a cool thing to do and will make a difference
I wonder what kind of language the oval office heard when Bill and Monica used it for their own personal hotel room?!?!?!? Juan, you are a total MORON!!!!
Non of what this host says is true~
Bonkers!  Someone give Kenye his meds.  And then you have Fox spinning this as powerful?
Racists like Juan ALWAYS see things in terms of race and racism.....
Juan Williams is delusional!
Kanye West much like president Trump has real, real balls.
Kanye has done more for the country , than any  loser at CNN  or MSNBC
I would have loved to have seen Hillary, Bill and Obamas faces when they saw this.  lmfao
Waters great opening comment, seriously in tune with that.
If only Juan was mute.
Juan is a dumbass of the highest order
Nail on the Head As ALWAYS Gutfield  U
F U Comunist News Network & BSNBC
Kanye said more in 19 minutes more than an entire news company could say in an hour
It is what I said also " Only in a Trump White House "!
If they CNN are used to political speeches then screw off!! West was talking from the cuff,just take it all in. You don't have to agree with everything but don't be close minded!
PLEASE,,, GET,, JUAN ,,OFF ,,,YOUR SHOW,,, I have to turn it off now..IT WAS a GREAT video UNTILL JUAN>>>!!!
If I didn't know better I might think Trump is using Kanye to get the black votes.
MAGA hat--made in China
Sigh
Stupid people
Awesome 
Lol....Only Fox would try and put a positive spin on that delusional nonsense.
I've tried to defend Juan doing a job in the past. Fire this guy, Juan is a disgrace
Just think if everyone of us got along as good as Kanye and Trump did, this would be a much better world.
I love Kanye!
Who is that black man trying to be white, so badly I'm surprised he wants that 1940's look, prejudice is about looking down on those who express themselves naturally, and do not change to fit a mold.
Juan Williams ?  bro is a tad dopey.
Kavanagh who?
Kanye .... 10 minutes ............ then go home.
I understand having a critical opinion such as Juan for balance and a sign of fairness but I have to say Juan is a nag and never agrees with anyone on this panel he has the warped mind of a democrat, get rid of him HE SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I was about to leave a great comment, but they called on Juan to chime in, and I just can't take the crap that comes out of his mouthOh well, maybe next time
Gotta love the journos in the back rank. They look like the doctor just told them that their hemmoroids are malignant.
that guys an idiot, at the white house where he couldve made a big difference in the black community n he threw it all away just to act like a complete dumbass,
it's ok when Hilary breaks out jay z and Beyonce and the hot sauce. she got less out that than Kanye  did. hypocrisy.
He's so dumb
Kanye is an idiot. A true moron.
Ahh how doesn't anyone see that this meeting was pure insanity, does anyone think that was worth trumps time to listen to someone rambling and barely make sense. If u watch the full 20 mins this was crazy why does trump even want him as a supporter I'm lost. Pence 2020
I try to be patient and listen to one but you know what he is just ignorant. I really can't wait to hear what one has to say when the red tsunami hits during the. midterms. These Democrats can take anything the president does absolutely anything he does and turn it into something ugly.
Juan is a piece of sht
Yay Kanye!! He was Awesome!! God bless him and our President Trump!! 
Jed's legs.
Juan didn't want to help black folks.
Make Kanye, Kanye again 
3:44 why bother, you just ate the democrats
Remember when Kanye crashed Taylor Swift's award speech? All is forgiven Kanye.  Also, NBC's "attention whore" label? But "Mob" is a dirty word?
I feel as though God himself is leading Trump's hand into making this a better world, vote Republican!
two stable geniuses...how did we get here with a moron like this as president SMFH
Juan makes me want to wring someone's neck. His.
Back in the day Juan was one of those blacks that went and got masta when one of the other blacks stepped out of line.  "Masta!  Masta!  Oh Masta Jimmy done took off through the woods up out of here masta!  He went this way.  Over here masta!  You want me to sick the dogs on him mmasta?"
Juan...so then by your own words...I guess your a prop as well. You should leave that high paying prop job and have some dignity and get another non prop job where you can make a real difference. But...
Nahhhhh. Where else will you get paid that much for doing nothing other than being a prop.
Black unemployment went from 12.7% to 7.8% under Obama. From 7.8% to 6% under trump. Trump should be in Florida not entertaining a crazy man
Juan please get help you see racism everywhere when there is none
Make America hate again
WeGotLove... Salute.
just suck it !
Nero fiddled whilst Rome burned. 
Traitor Trump rallied whilst Florida deluged. Sad!!!.
The Juan the RACIST.
Crazy Black guy babbling with a Crazy Orange guy - makes perfect sense for this shitshow.
I think Juan is paid to disagree with EVERYTHING no matter what the topic is. I have never, ever heard him agree with the other 4. Either that, or he really is a negative, grumpy old man who will never be happy no matter what.
Juan is a pos
resect for the oval office like Clinton getting a blow job from Monika you mean Juan , you racist prick
Lefties just don't know how to deal with people who are genuine. They've lived fake lives filled with deceit for too long. Too long in the sunken place. Kanye has broken free.
Pump shouldve been there smh
Kanye is a true, true AMERICAN
Both Trump & Kanye are asymmetric - a sign of high intelligence, perhaps genius.
This was an honest moment 
Leave it to Juan to mindlessly parrot DNC talking points.
You'd be "Crazy" to believe MSNBC
Lots better than the beer summit.
Go to hell puto u too trump 
When is Juan getting fired? He is a race baitor every day. Deep state talking points.
Im sorry , i like Trump and his policies but that was the most ridiculous rambling nonsense i have ever heard .  Its flat out dumb . Pandering on both sides .  If you think this was a good idea pre midterms - you have your head up your ass ...
Business.
M.A.G.A.  ....KEK!
Oh theres low IQed juan leftist Williams.....im out
"Summit " lol
CNN fake news sucks
This situation is using kanya to express how this country cant step up and take the reignes... We are all  screwed ... Gen x y z is so screwed..... This is scary!!!! I dont know what the agenda was for this meeting but trust that it sold what ever trump was tryna prove!!!!!
I thought he was just being himself did anyone else think he was acting mentally ill?
suck it up juan !

Thats all you see is celebrities
The delusional talking to the crazy.
I dont like Juan, please send him to the View or with Don Lemmon
Both a president and a true working class blackman that worked himself out of poverty and NOT BY SELLING DRUGS!  He's becoming quite a "dad" model. I am seriously proud of him. LOVE KANYE, KIM, AND PRESIDENT TRUMP!
Best thing bout Kanye s he got balls. Nobody tells Kanye what he should be thinkin...no matter how much CIA TV lies.
World Mental Health Day Summit, attended by Americas 2 most clinical public cases, bringing awareness to a sensitive issue
So pathetic, soooo embarrassing. Kayea clearly in a manic episode. The Whitehouse keeps getting diminished. Shame on trump using an obviously sick kayea, the whitehouse has sunk  low, very low. No dignity left.
Conservatives aren't racist because they welcome anyone of any color. Liberals are racist because they demand you be of a certain color.
POS JUAN SHUT UP!!!!!!
Juan Williams OMG the Demonrat mouthpiece of Fox. Why do they keep him on Fox, or is it just an act on his part? He never says anything of substance.
TRUMP ROCKS.
Go to Chicago and save these people
mean girls cnn hahaha
Make America great again Make CNN MSNBC sick again
Stop and frisk saves lives!
Democrat party trying to divide America
Did they discuss why black people get punished harder for the same offences as white people ? Did they discuss why it's mostly 'black' crime that is punished at all ? Did they discuss that tax evasion is stealing from the country, and that it causes tax raises for the people ?
Don't talk to blacks you lose. Talk to blacks you're a racist. No possible way to win with libtards.
Juan, if you could step in front of a speeding bus that would be great, thanks.
2018 is wild
makes a song about not marrying gold diggers , then marry s the biggest one on the planet . that is a sign of how smart he is . he isn't .
The left was happy when Kanye west destroyed the gangster black culture of wearing big baggy pants that was prevalent for 25 or so years. When Kanye made  skinny jeans "cool", almost every black youth copied him and ditched their big pants where they used to hide guns a lot easier than they do now. But the left is angry cuz he is turning too white for then which will potentially wake up other blacks to get off the democrat plantation.
LMAO wow......how you all love Kanye off meds now.  Amazing.......smdh
I Agreed With Kanye Saying That Dubya Doesn't Care About Black People.
Juan was in good form today !
Juan your an ass for thinking like that
00:30
oh yeezy
Kanye for Senate
Juan is a mediocre negro.
Is Fox a state run news channel like the ones in North Korea because it pretty much seems so. In India too we have such channels like Republic TV and Times Now, now I get it where do they derive their inspiration from.
no wars ? iraq , afcrapistan , syria, africa ? he's not making new ones , but has yet to end any .
I appreciate the energy and the enthusiasm . I agree with the young man. However,...
I have  discontent for such a 'relaxed and comfortable ' state in the presidential office and the POTUS should not be referred to as, "Bro".
Awesome! I love it!
Blacks for Trump!!!
Why has this Kayne West person got so much to say? Who is he exactly and why does the President give him so much time and space? Just asking. By the way, this Juan person who is he exactly? He comes across to me anyway as a rather arrogant boneheaded prejudiced person?
Kaney West meets the Savior of Western - Civilization. How does that sound?
Oh my god....that's was so funny....that cop body slamming that idot lefty to the ground.. .dumb democrat.....Thankyou......
Owen Shoyer....I laughed...
finnished with that stupid prog wtf is wrong with that juan dude n her with the blonde hair they r  ignoranr
moron juan
Black liberal dems are so desperate they are willing to burn their own crosses on black Republicans lawns.
he's only sucking up press time.
To much of talk but its none sense
Juan thinks that what Kanye said in the oval office was offensive and desrepectful ? What about Bill Clinton using the oval office as a brothel and lets not forget Slick Willys passion for shoving cigars up young Jewish interns cunts.
The liberals at CNN are gonna have a field day with Kanye. Theyre gonna label Kanye as unhinged & mental.
its obvious he has NO clue What he talkn bout
If they try and tear this down, it will help the movement demoncrats will keep spiraling
Williams needs to go. We don't want your opinion.
This video is better than SNL lmfao!!!!!!!
was jfk respectful of the oval...how many dicks have been in the open air oval office? come on.
He is mentally ill. Trump supporters will hold on to anyone that likes Trump the Klan included. Trump supporters could give two fucks about Kanye west he's not they're demographic and that's putting it mildly.
Juan Williams is such a racist and a typical Liberal. If it was Obama who did this, Williams would be calling it the greatest meeting to ever happen as the Whitehouse. Just like it's ok for a CNN contributor to call Kanye a n-gro and suggest an Uncle Tom and a house slave. It's disgusting how Liberals are, they show everyone that they are racist and no one calls them out on it.
FOX NEWS IS TRASH. CNN IS TRASH.
I love Kanye
I swear Juan Williams really drags down The 5. Everyone on the show  has logical and valid observations and then Juan opens up his mouth and I wanna punch my computer screen. Juan cannot possibly be as dense as he comes across.
Juan is reading what to say so he becomes a paid punching bag .
bruh i can watch this ... he is REALLY brain washed wtf is goiong on
Juan is a race baiting, ignorant liberal parrot. He never says anything original, intelligent or believable.
Once we are all armed, we dont need the 13th amendment, because you KNOW what will happen if anyone tries to bring back slavery outright.
I love this guy too.
Up yours Juan
This brain wash Liberal leftist radical hate america black guy think the American people and black people is stupid !!! Trump is Restoring America in every way shape and form and this hateful evil black guy using race card telling lies !!!
There you go Trump supporters.  Your huge celebrity support is a mental case and your president just agreed with a bipolar maniac ranting and raving about nonsense.
GOD  I hate you Juan Williams
NIKKI HAILEY IS UNDER CRIMINAL INVESTIGATION FOR ACCEPTING LARGE DONATIONS AND GIFTS FROM GOP DONORS. THATS WHY SHE HAD TO RESIGN. FOX NEWS JUST REPORTED IT THIS AFTERNOON
Juan, is a joke , I really don't understand why he's still on Fox. Juna, please go to CNN
Juan is such a putz! I've never understood why he's on this show.
West, Brown and Rodman, I was told President Trump is racist! He sure doesn't act like it!
Juan Williams is never worth listening to.....time to go....thank God for ff
What I got out of this, was Kanye sending a clear message that it's OK to be who you are, and have your views. The retaliation shown in the media against President Trump, and others within his administration is also played out among private citizens, who most are still unable to even voice that they voted for President Trump. This might open the doors of communication. It's a start, considering that most entertainers are afraid to go against the Leftist dictate against President Trump, for fear of being black listed.
They sure went out of their way . As they said nothing of Jim Brown or showed him.....

Fake ass news. Worthless as teeth on a chicken....
What did bill Clinton do in the office? Hahahaha
Kanye is there for attention lol he cares about jobs sure hes a millionaire hes worried about jobs , juan is right kanye needs attention n trump just a 
When are you gonna talk about Donald Dump fail trade war? Haha those cost you 7 billion more than Obamacare or what are you gonna say now? Fake news?
After all the f....g negative trash screaming hearing from the Dems ( who are no democrats at all) we get a positive message from the "street" this is what Kanye represents. Good move.
Juan el pendejo Williams is a plantation dweller criticizing a free man!
Good thing there's no bad news like a stock market dive to take attention from all the winning.
Good for Kanye helping to KAG!
no one talks about nobama anymore that's for sure.
Lol Williams callls Kanye "one of Trump's white backers" well yeah OK. I have heard of color blind but that is a bit much!!!
The sad thing is Stop and Frisk works.
Stop and Frisk is an excellent policy that helps deter crime.
Why aren't you stomping Juan Williams guts out.
Juan Williams is a complete racist minded liberal. They are funny to listen to sometimes but hes too much.
Juan williams is a complete.  ....... Wow
FIRE JUAN!!! God, he sucks liberal Dso hard that I can't even finish watching the clips he's in. Fire that douche bag already, FOX.
Shut up Juan
Lowest unemployment in history is zero? 
You're the racist
Great. There's enough nuts in the White House to make a granola bar.
Juan & 1 brain cell.
Worst President Ever MAGA
kanye is right!!! lets get to the business rebuilding american jobs.
When Kanye came in for the squeeze, the look on the President's face said "Please don't touch The Hair!" Too hysterical!
LOL at Trump nodding in approval as Kanye spouts on about if the President isn't made to look good, the country doesn't either.   Wasn't it Trump who led the birther-ism nonsense?
Its obvious, there will always be division until the left wins  what is so difficult to get along?!
Im sorry but Kanye West has no business doing an interview in the oval office it degrades the office plain and simple
How can anybody be against something POSITIVE ??..That's right the Media, it takes money out of their pockets..Go Trump, Kanye and Jim Brown !!
THE REALLY SAD PART?    TRUMP IS flattered,
Kanye is kind of like Trump, he's speaking very real things in an odd way.
Juan Williams is one of the most dishonest people on Fox News. He needs to move on. Black (and other minority's) unemployment is the LOWEST EVER! What is to complain about? Wise up BLM's.
I'd like to serve both of them 1 of my POOPOO PLATTER COMBOS!!!!!!!
6:35  says this was not respectful of the oval office, then they mentioned Clinton, I think clinton getting a blow job in the Oval office is far less respectful than a few colorful words.
Send KW to the UN as the new ambassador!!!!
2 scam met.
shut up you racist pos Juan!
Every time I wear my MAGA hat I get an erection
Black support for President Trump is up 300% from election day.  Republicans can help blacks get better education and jobs and get them into the middle class.  Theres a RED WAVE coming in November 6 ...........  Thank God for President Trump  and Kanye .............  This scares the crap out of Democrats and the Corrupt Liberal Media ..............
now the fake new is hot  and how dare her call him a negro and she think it ok cause she black ok Felicia.
Kanya is right on .. Should listen to what he has to say..
I can't believe Juan is this dumb.
Donald J Trump is without a doubt, the greatest President the World has ever seen. Everything he touches turns to gold.
Like the rest of us, the President is trying desperately to figue out wtf Kanye is talking about.
The Main Stream is going to crucify Kanye...just what the Donald wanted....I love it & I love our President Trump
Juan the dumbass he is so lost
I always gotta go when this tool Juan opens his reject yap. Derrrrrrrr
Even Trump was perplexed. The 4 letter bombs were awesome. Kid Rock also dropped by. Rock & Roll in white house.  DC Rock City.
Liberals hate whites and they hate republicans pretty much they hate everybody against them
Juan is a moron
Juan is a pig....he is so full of racism and hate.
It was fine till Juan opened his mouth.
Fire Juan...he is a narrow minded asshole!...Is that racist?
KANYE was fired up and excited....and he should be.   Do your homework and look at the landmark legislation that was SIGNED TODAY protecting artists in the MUSIC INDUSTRY.
if you put quotes around the word meetings, this is a whole different segment...
Trump, is Amazing!
Juan, your embarrassing yourself, again!
Trump wants fix the black community!
Kanye I lost respect for you since you support president asshole
Kayne is a known mentally ill individual. The way he acts and things he say and do clarify it. Being around the Dumbest President is a bonus for Kayne
Juan a fuking idiot
We are just a step away from freedom of the left, Vote Republican in November! 
Love my TRUMP, Kanye West thanks, wish you a little more clear head
CNN is Racist !!!! Race Baiting Network RBN
juan you are so fake good luck in the eternal lake of fire ill pray for your salvation
for a guy that cnn calls "a dumb n word" he doesn't sound that stupid to me... in fact rather a confident guy
I'm a deplorable and I am pissed off by Kanye and TRUMP...I Know what deal was made..who it helps..who it hurts and who is actually paying for this BS..I'm voting red but I'm angry!
trump 2020 we win... hoooooray
Kanye made some good points. we have to make jobs in america. Kanye is also successful he's made 145 million dollar he has several sucessfull business.
Kanye has had a huge impact and the Media hates it. The Black Community WILL see the racial slurs of CNN and MSNBC.
Rodman deserves praise as well. Firm supporter!
Juan , puhleeze!? And by the way, what power does Trump have to do with stop and frisk! Its a Chicago thing. Juan is off his rocker!
u put that scum Williams on here i stop watching.
"Trump is racist and will send all the black people back to slavery!" Yet you can freely go on CNN as a black woman and call him an attention whore.
The raw is wayyyyy worse
I will agree ... everyone needs to stop making mental health diagnoses via social media.
CHOO CHOO HOP ON THE TRUMP TRAIN CHOO CHOO
 DESTINATION A GREAT AMERICA WE GONNA PICK UP SOME REPUBLICANS IN NOVEMBER CHOO CHOO KANYE IS ABOARD CHOO CHOOO
JUST RAN OVER HILLARY CHOO CHOO OPPS THERE GOES CNNs RATINGS CHOO CHOO
@# Kanye west you are Snitch who doesn't understand politics#
Please tell me what actual solutions he proposed?
JEDEDIAH BILA IN BLACK DRESS SHEER PANTYHOSE AND RED HIGH HEELS
America is awesome!
Stay tuned. Trump will call in Charlie Sheen to represent white folks! Lol
As a Hispanic, I love my euro roots . Is that bad?
Congratulations I am an atheist as well. I don't care about it
Kanye West is such an "Uncle Tom."
Veterans want Trump locked up!
Two ridiculous clowns with massive egos. I think if they were to touch it would create a black hole.
Merca
