Obama takes long posses because he is a pathetic lier. Obama is just mad cause he sucked as a president. Trump has actually done greater things in a couple a month than Obama in his 2 terms.
Trump rocks
Obama Biden are the LOSERS. Losers. Go away losers.
I love listening to his insults
People can't accept that they've been fooled by hypocrite Moron black guy
obama is black man
He would know a liar
Trump is a dickhead I cant believe he is Americas president
Obama stutters, pauses, and slowly talks...  Obama is a scripted puppet albeit a better puppet than the stupid puppet Bush
Insults as weak as his Slack Jaw; Loser.
Trump is bullet proof even the media cant take him down. Hes going down in history as best president ever
Trump sucks. Horribly. Most of the country hates him. We all can't wait till he puffs
If what he said made sense. He reminds of Charles Manson
Shut up you stupidio muliyama
Why can't you trump supporters grow a brain?
Dont you feel like throwing eggs at Obama, when he opens his mouth? 
Obama is so embarrassed  by Trumps popularity will all (blacks, whites etc). Obama feels so insignificant as he speaks today, compared to yesteryear. Obama feels peoples stares seeing through his ineffective butt as trivial, as a farce, and a phony. Wow ! Obama ought to feel embarrassed walking out in public!!! One thing for sure: Hes no where near walking proud today than yesteryear. Obama is totally jealous, outclassed, and outdone by President Donald J. Trump! There are facts supporting this! Hope you get this message Obama: Youre the biggest farce, and phony in this current era! And this is proven by actions of one man that you should of done  Bush was a bit worse than you, by a little. But thats it. 
ur all racists MTFs
Did ivanka queen to doomsday time date, or will end with end of United States President trump, think first, trust your portion in bets. 
+CNN
Trump causes good, decent people to dislike/hate him, and bad/indecent people to like/love him.

Trump is the worst president, in US history...Being president is not only about the economy...First and foremost, it's about being honest, honorable, dignified and decent.

Trump is a rogue, vulgarian, narcissist, racist, temperamental, childish, lying, adulterous, bigoted, mysogynistic human being...At least, Bill O'Reilly was, in this interview, trying to reign him in, by pointing out how disrespectful Trump was to gold star family members, Mr. Khan and his wife.

God bless the day, when this highly toxic man is impeached and/or forced to resign.
Trumps such a douche bag
Thin skin Donnie!
Obama is a disaster of American president history
Hahhaaa OReily definitely needed a Psychiatrist after he gets fired over sexual harassment ... LMAO.. ZIIIIING
Obama to prison!
Who even cares what happens with regards to Barack Obummer
Only once the right has taken a stance do people consider the end of democracy. This is the kind of talk that made people vote for trump. It was a big F-off to the left wing bullshit we've been hearing for years
Everyone in the comments saying Trumps good and Obama's bad are either manipulated shits or raciest dicks
Obama was a motherfucker, he only had the black peoples side and gave them everything
Obama was an embarrassment to the American people. I'm glad he's out of office.
god bless trump de best of best
Obama seems to be uneducated 
Looking at Obama now, I see where he has something in common with Maxine Waters :)
Notice that this article's headline says "Donald trump responds to President Obama's remarks". Even fox  knows the difference between a wanna be leader , trump, and a true  President,   President Obama.  Maybe trump's  " Fox advisors " can help him out of the current mess that his childish temperament has gotten him into.
He got u figgured boy
Impeach trump the adulterer.
TRUMP 2020 !!!!!
No Donny, YOU are the worst president we've ever had. ,
If he keeps this attitude or says the obama is the worst president again then im gonna protest
When Trump going to man up and tell these babies no
O'really is just as big of an assbag.
Drink koolaid by the gallons trumptards!!!!
Omg this assbag of a president is a complete idiot. Then and now his IQ has never been higher than 78.
You tube is going to take the largest hit two n histoty
Why Would anyone Listen to this Terrorist 0bama??????????????????
Tell it like it is-- we all support you ,  Pres. Trump.  We need to hear you .
Obama, the dirty little rat.
Carn't even call him a sell out, because he isn't an American! 
He was built up and placed into the Presidency, by the fake media.
All controlled by the global elite with their agenda 21.
I miss Bill on FNN!  We can still watch him but his show on Fox was the best political show EVER
Trump is the man ,,,so get over it
, Canadians love trump......Every time trump says anything he is racist but when Obama say something its ok because he is black
Hope Obama  goes  meet his maker , tomorrow
TRUMP > Obummer
TODAY SUNDAY CONFRONTED BY TERRORIST TRYING TO START FIGHT WITH BABY STRAPPED TO STOMACH, GROWN MAN WITH 14 YEAR OLD MOTHER, TYPICAL OAKLAND CITYHALL GANG TRUMP NEEDS TO LOOK INTO OAKLAND CA PEDIFILE POLITICIANS
YOU SPEAK WELL?................you fucking retarded muther fucker!lol.
barry the burrhead is a schill for big insurance
Honest president on the left on the video, conman, SALESMAN talk on the right.....he will fall hard, another six years maybe, but he will fall.
Obama Isis a sychophant
Trump
you are not a gold star family I don't know why you lot give this obimbo news space your all Haas beans
OBAMA MOST COMFORTABLE WITH HIS FELLOW MUSLIMS...YOU KNOW THE ONES HE INFILTRATED OUR ENTIRE GOVERNMENT WITH.!!
OMG...THE SOUND OF THAT TREASONOUS SCUMBAG OBAMA MAKES ME SICK !!!

7-24-18...OLD VIDEO.

BUT MORE TRUE THAN EVER! !!
lol @ Barry Soetero - he honestly thinks that he matters today - or even mattered when he usurped our White House for 8 long drawn out misery filled years.
Why are you calling Obama the president ? it's ex president
Obama is a liar, scum, useless leader, an embarrassment.
The worst President in history and ever in the world! A lying and deceiving and totally corrupt POS! Thank God this idiot is no longer the President. A Communist and an evil and anti American idiot and traitor!
"Tell Putin he better cut it our remember that?" People who are still asleep can't resist being apart of their own persecution...Smh
TRUMP IS A CHUMP EITH A SERIOUS COMPLEX PROBLEMS
Odd how Fox can't have O'Reilly around after his abuse of women yet continues to stroke Trump as he destroys America's status in the world.
Reilly why don't you let President Trump talk. You bring up the situation then you don't let him talk.
Obama has always being so full of shit, is almost pathetic how much he thinks about him self!
Down with fake news, God bless Donald Trump.
Stop talking about these people I forgot all about them and you people keep bringing it up to stir up the hate soup get a life find something to do like vote or picket for someone new instead of just wasting your time on old news duhhhh!
trump is right!
His (trumps) words are coarse and unrefined. In this PC country this is a sin? ......screw you assholes. Obama accomplished NOTHING. Yet his words were silky useless words were praised. Trump gets things done.......period. That's why he was voted in.
Trump is the best American president EVER.
I never was agenest my President trump he done the right thing  good for you president trump Obama he  a low life liar Obama is the one who told a lot of  lies not President trump I stand with my President trump always  100% President trump you the best ever ever love my President trump to the moon and back and a day lock Obama up now
Thank God President Trump Took Office Amen USA
I just HOPE at 72 he can last for 7 more years, Then I hope our President will be Trey Goudy for the next 8 years with Jason Chaffest as his VP
Obama sucks compared to Present Donald Trump.
Who the hell is this man to tell Trump how to walk and chew gum at least Trump is honest what is he ???
Yes Obama was a so good he allowed so many things on his watch, not for the good!
Obama is gone and telling a dump story, Mr. Donald Trump is a by-God-given-President and May He Bless the President and USA!
there is no doubt that the worst president in history is obama. Already in 18 months President Trump is in the top 5  best ever. When all is said and done he will have to be #1 because the early Presidents were grat for estalbishing, shaping and guiding the country t be the grestest in the world, what President Trump is doing is restoring a country that for all intent and purposes was a failed country, America was so destroyed by the treason  of the worst traitor we have ever seen, obama, that only a miracle could save us. And President Trump is our miracle. It is much more difficult to save a country 100 times bigger and infested with failures and problems than what the founding fathers did. So President Trump is positioned to be our best president ever. History will be very very kind to him and the smearing of the fake media and lunatic left will leave no mark at all.
TRUMP, THE BEST PRESIDENT OF UNITED STATES......T R U M P/2020!
why does trump look like he has a lazy eye
Guess who's feeling sorry for challenging and mocking Trump at a correspondence dinner four years ago?
Clown  NEws Network = CNN
Won't miss you Riley...You got what you deserved for calling someone Hot Chocolate. As much as I finally saw the light with Obama. I have to give it to Trump that he is an expert on insults and puns....he does however no gift for lies...but then again...he's a king of Deception on his supporters...I'll give him that. Maybe it's smarter I move on I do my own thing.
Obumma.. "Uh...Uh..UH... Uh .... UHMMmm   Uhm... Uh.
Obama flunked elementary school twice in Indonesia,  Went to black school USA, poorly.  Went to play basketball in college- lasted 1 semester, that is how smart he is!!
Odumbass had 8 years to do his job as president and did nothing he left president trump a mess and president trump is fixing everything and odumbass has the nerve to complain how president trump is doing the job? President trump is doing and fixing odumbass mess he left !!
Obama? ...just a treasonous turd in a nicely tailored suit.  David Korn and Michael Isakoff have testified that Obama issued a "stand-down" order...in regard to US Intel pursuing Russian "interference" prior to the Nov 2016 election.  Treason ? Collusion ? Criminal ? all three ?
Go Trump. ODUMMER IS THE WORST PRESIDENT EVER.
DONT WASTE YOUR TIME ADDRESSING ANY CRITICISM BECAUSE YOU GIVE THEM CREDENCE!  IF YOU SAY NOTHING, THEYll BE MAD THAT YOU IGNORED THEM!  DO NOT RESPOND!  THATS WHERE YOU GO OFF SCRIPT & GET IN TROUBLE! DONT GIVE THEM ANY AMMUNITION BY BEING PRESIDENTIAL!  NO NAME CALLING!  NO DEFENDING!  JUST ARREST THOSE JERKS AND SEE WHAT THEY HAVE TO SAY THEN!  YOUR TIME IS TOO PRECIOUS TO WASTE TWEETING THINGS ESPECIALLY TO B. O.  TO GET HIM MAD, JUST REFER TO HIM AS B.O. BECAUSE THATS HIS PET PEEVE!  THIS IS THE EXACT REASON Y U CAN & SHOULD NOT EVER, NEVER, SPEAK TO MUELLER!  ONE WORD, ONE WORD WRONG, & THEYLL GET YOU IMPEACHED BECAUSE U JUST TRIED 2 DEFEND YOURSELF, OR U GET MAD!  UR A GENIUS, BUT THEY R ALL GENIUSES IN THE LAW!  MY LAWYER FATHER SAID THAT IT DOESNT MATTER IF THE CLIENT IS INNOCENT OR GUILTY, ITS HOW GOOD THE LAWYERS R!  B PRESIDENTIAL!  SIGNED, VERY SINCERELY, A HUGE FAN
I don't know if I agree with Trump on this one.. His deferring to Putin just wasn't up to the same caliber as Obama's grovelling to all our enemies during his world wide apology tour.
Can't Stump the Trump Train!.... Go MAGA! 2020
Obamanation wishes he had Trump's playbook....
Obamanation; you simply (ignore) critical issues.....
on oboma in 1997 I bought a new home when oboma took office I lost my home been on unemployment 2 times. I have never been out of work at any time in my life but oboma he is good to and for killing AMERICA and Americans but giving money t p Muslims Mexicans and all un Americans
Go Trump Go! 
Dumb Liberals
Mr. Obama IS #1  Screw Trump #0
Trump SCUM !!!!  Just jealous that you don't have what it takes to be a TRUE LEADER..... You are an INSULT to the Human Race... GET OUT !!!!   Sick of seeing your face and hearing your voice... SORE LOOSER YOU ARE.... You made this country a JOKE.... Damn Shame
O'Reilley has always played the fence!  Thank God he's gone from Fox!
We love you  mr president
Obama did everything he could to hurt America  !  He is a lying Muslim Traitor who hates White people  !  His wife hates White America too  !
O u do Berrie??IT EASY if don't do AY THING!!
what a sad man Obama is.
Yeah Obamas WORST President !!! & Lets not even discuss the two Bushes/Clintons ?!!?? Love the Donald.
Now everyone knows how stupid trump really is. Kissing Puttins ass clean. Obama made him look like the fool he really is. He will never forget the. Correspondents dinner when Obama made him look like a fool. Look at his ugly frowned up face. Biggest liar on the planet. Draft dogger. Freak, pedophile. This asshole can't hold a candle to Obama
Obama is the biggest rat of this country dont sit there with your dumbo ears  and try and bash Mr Trump. You didnt do shit for your own people who believed in you for so called change you made them worse by giving out welfare like crazy you fucked up the immigration policy I was born and raised in this beautiful country. President Trump gave us back our backbone and balls you took it away with your liberal attitude.
MAGA/KAG!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
'I believe in fighting back...' so do I Mr. President and solute you for being in a position to do so for so many of us that aren't.
HAHA ... BOOM !! obama is so pathetically dishonest it's criminal
Answering might be some guy below.  The fact is the elected President Trump is not acting as a President, on the contrary, he is an elected President Trump by election results in our free election system.  Also it has nothing to do with treat him as a President or not in Americas own established principles of the Constitution laws.  In Constitution laws, the elected President of any supposedly enforce and execute laws by established laws.  I believe.
TRUMP RESPONSE WAS, HE STOMPED HIS LITTLE FEET HELD A LOVE ME RALLY AND THREW A TWITTER FIT.
When you look at Trump talking, he is straight from his gut. When you look at Obamas speech, he is thinking very hard before he say a word. This is the difference. President Trump is a great leader and he is trustworthy.
I left democrat after four years of doing nuffin by osama
well now its the future and it turns out that Obama was wrong all along, i magine my surprise
Bill Oreilly is an Ahole!  Not as much as that loser Osama, er, Obama though.
Why do all Trump supporters look like they have down syndrome
who is "Mr. Trump"? I only know "President Trump"!
MAGA. 
Not Indonesia, Africa, etc. 
liberals hate the USA. 
Go try living in Kabul.
O'REILLY YOU ARE AN IDIOT, JUST GIVING OBAMA A DOOR TO FEEL PROUD OF CRITICISING PRESIDENT TRUMP....PRESIDENT TRUMP IS THE GREAT PRESIDENT EVER!!!!
IN THE FIRST PLACE OBAMA SHOULDN'T  TALK, HE HAS A LONG LONG TAIL, TO STEP ON IT...
God bless Pres. Trump and as a person living in calif.I can only hope that someday soon the fake news that is brainwashing all these liberals will dissolve.
So some muslins get offended...... So fucking what!!
Mr. Trump.... most definitely the best President Of The United States . . . 
Obama most definitely one of the worse if not THE WORSE President Of The United States. . . 
TRUMP Red Tsunami Coming, Brace For Impact 2020
Obama and the Democrat party is a FUCKING DISGRACE to this country. Democrats going down in the November 2018 midterms.
GO TRUMP THE WORLD IS ALL YOURS. GOD BLESS YOU GOD BLESS AMERICA.
OBumbass!
fcuk off coward. weak and indecisive. you look at what have you done to syria, iraq and have you not done againts russia.
Obummer was the worst president ever. Trump is the best president ever.  O Reilly sucks.
It appears that Donald Trump got "turned" by the Russians in 1987, on his trip to Moscow - which concernedconstruction of a Trump Tower in Russia's capital. He wanted in on the gargantuan money poolofVladimir Putin and the infamous Oligarchs that compose Putin's kleptoctric government.Trump may not know that he's a "useful idiot" to RussianIntelligence.
Obama is all rhetoric and uhhhmmmm and no results, God bless the Donald, horrible speaker but all results.
Trump is right on ,Obama was a terrorist and liar
Trump exposed Obamas evils.
Love my president Trump 2020
Donald trump looked like he was about to cry  for me.
If the bastard child Obama stood on his drunkard polygamist Father's shoulder's he still would not be tall enough to kiss President Trump's ass!
Obummer complete failure criticize that!
Every democratic state is falling apart. But I think millennial are starting to wake up.
Obama almost destroyed this country. Thank god we are resilient
Honestly, Trump is attacked all the time. But when he responds........(complete the sentence)
Move back into your mud hut in kenya, big eared asshole! You belong in gitmo, then at the end of a rope! Hope you catch a bullet!
Trump is nothing but a dumbass
Let me refocus you ?  stunned
Go bag ur self affro
Mr Trump is absolutely right about Obama
President Trump is doing a good job overall..a far better job than his predecessor
Obama u globalist
Trump needs to calm down.Cuz he needs to know that he just cant critisize for the way people are.Donald Trump is just what.?Just a damn old man who doesnt even know what he wants.Donald Trump will only make this world more messed up.Mre than it already is
Why didn't the spouse tell her husband not to be a part of the dirty political game being played against the President Donald J Trump by and with the demorats? You reap what you sow.
Wow he sure keeps saying dishonest alot.  The man is so delusional.  And so he is doing what he said he would do.  That makes all the deplorable actions null and void?
Mr khan was a khan... Screw those immigrants who think they have more rights than True Americans... Dis honest news media outlets failed mr TRUMP is President ...
This is answering miss Chandler.  I have no ideas why you have to say me Jack ass.  I dont even know who are you and never said anything to offend you.  I just like to say things by my honest feelings in a free speech society instead of nothing to say but feel good about saying others Jack ass.  I dont even care about whatever you like to say.  If I want, I also can say the same back to you or even worse.  I dont believe that if one did wrong, I have to learn from you to be wrong too.  I just sincerely wish you be more matured and learn talking by manners.  I dont like to say any dirty words, at least I dont have to go rinse my mouth often.  I wish you wont say the same to others by learning experiences.
Never let a black man ever run anything ever again
President Obama is so arrogant.
Such an ugly man.  Trump acts like a baby and is a complete idiot.  He really is crazy.  He doesn't want to know that he is the dumbest and most disgusting man (boy).  Trump won't last.  He is evil and really crazy.  Hateful man.  Go to hell
Trump on now the US President...enough said about this vid.
Trump is having one hell of a laugh...and the laughter will go on for years. MAGA!
Your disgusting as hell trump yah yah the media lies l would take that back trump you are the disgusting liar everything that comes out of your mouth is nothing but shit you greedy old bastard may you burn in hell where you belong
Thank you Sir. Thank Goodness Hillary is not in office today.  She is evil as we see in the IG report.
Obama, will go down as the most anti American president!! Period!! So sad!! But true!!
Obama let greatness, slip through his fingers, just to hang onto payback!!
History will not be kind to him!!
Obama is a fake, liar, thief, murderer, pedophile, and traitor. He hates this country and the American people.
OBAMA WAS A CROOK. HE USED LONG LONG SILENCES.... TO DISTRACT ATTENTION OF THE REAL TOPIC HE IS TALKING ABOUT !!
Obama worst President in history.
fake news
Love President Trump ripping that loser Obama to pieces!
The only thing you have to do to success as a politician is appeal to those who are incapable of admitting they are wrong. Thanks middle America! You fucked it up again
So Trump thinks he was too smart to go to Vietnam  oh Captain Bone Spurs we all know daddy paid for your exam results
Is Donald Trump is a dumbass Rock Obama is not a bad guy he the one who helped us our country Donald Trump f*** you get a f**** life please don't Trump will not be a president
If I'm Obama and everything and everyone I believed in was being proven bullshit I'd be offended too.   What is Obama's specialty again ?   Apologizing and appeasing?     Obama is and always has been the least talented
Obama sucked, sucks and will always suck.
I love it when Trump says Obama is the worst president in the history of the United States!
TRUMP IS AN ASSHOLE
obama definitely the worst president in american history / Trump is the greatest President in Americas History
TRUMP IN 2020 !
Donald Trump attacking everybody it's like a little kid who loves to bully
Every word that comes out of Donald Trump's mouth is a lie you can't believe this compulsive liar
The world knows that President Trump is an idiot, he's a disaster the American people, he's trying to prove he's a tough man in the world,  but all these proving to the world, is just how stupid and idiotic he really is. If America gets into a war with North Korea, you know I ran will jump in and attack America. America will be all alone to fight this war. No allies from Europe I guarantee it. and the Allies they do have will be third world countries, fighting with slingshots. nobody will come to the aid of America. especially when they're creating chaos for them. With these trade Wars in Europe.
Trump is such an asshole.  Donald Trump is the most disgusting creep of all time.  Obama is the good man, the man who cares about his people.  Trump is sickening and ugly
Thats rich of you to say Obummer you do nothing pos.
damn trump is so fucking awesome, cool, and a Savage 
Trump speaks his mind and liberals don't like it, because liberals don't have minds of thier own, they just go where the liberal wind blows them. Meanwhile conservatives like me know he's doing a great job.
Bombastic arsehole Trump!
Lol love Trump
Great combat Mr. President, keep up the fight on your weak predecessor! Give them hell President Trump!
TRUMPFUCK PLEASE DO EVERYONE A FAVOR AND GET A MASSIVE HEART ATTACK AND DIE SO YOU CAN MEET YOUR MAKER THE HORNED ONE 
Omg this man have a vendetta on Obamas face he talks better than you know more than you and like more you Donald you a pumkin
BEST BELIEVE ,BEST BELIEVE ..............
OBOMAS , SHAMMING N  PUBLIC HUMILIATION OF THE DONALD AT THE PRESIDENTIAL DINNER .........IS BEYOND REPROACH .

BEST BELIEVE ,MR. BARAKE OBAMA  ,DOESN'T PLAY BY THE RULES .......HITTING U BELOW THE BELT........ DOWN ON ALL 4 LEGS 
LIKE N VICIOUS  ANIMAL  .......OBAMA IS ONE OF  OL MOHAMMAD'S BOYS  N SUPPORTS  MUSLIM  BROTHERHOOD ,
MR. BERRY OBAMA, IS A LITTLE MAN , VERY DESTRUCTIVE OF ANYONE WHO GETS N HIS WAY AS U CAN CLEARLY SEE.................
Haha suck shit fox
Just looking at Obama again reminds me of how spiritless and banal he was. He's a weak little boring man who is truly of little note and moderate capacity. A man like him would never have been president in an era that demanded substance and character.
its like youtuber responding to another youtuber. 
Lmao brutal
Trump will bury Obama's legacy. He was the worst. For destroying Libya, we'll never forgive him.
How can anyone Deny what this amazing man is saying? The truth is compromised by the dislike for the manner of this Man. Do not show so much stupid to ignore Trumps accomplishments.
Obama is worst president ever.  Very divisive, bad economy, bad representing us in wold.
Trump for president 2020, so he can do more great things for America, like we see now in less than a year
How in the hell is the Rotten Mango, Drumpf, going to respond to anyone who speaks English?
The Poor Illiterate bastard cannot read or write.
Obama is the worst president in the history of our country.
I say that Obama is only concerned about himself.
Obama only worked for welfare of his Muslim brothers in Middle East and did everything possible to infiltrate USA with Muslim Jihadis.
Obama was more concerned about welfare of Middle East and Muslim countries much more  than USA that elected him. He was an agent for Muslim Brotherhood.
Trump is the man. Spot on and followed through in every way and some!
Trump, shut up.  You're an idiot!  Nobody likes you.  We hate you.  You're disgusting, your out of your mind. Your very ugly and you are an asshole.  Go home and stay home. you're not worth anything!!!
when is trump going to investigate the fake obama birth certificate? thaaaat needs 'vestigating...
he is a dictator and he is a disgrace to be the leader of the free world thnks be to go he won't be for much longer looking at him makes me sick how did we get such a devil in the white house
The worlds been crying out for this man from Scotland.
Trump without a doubt will go down in history as one of our 'greatest' Presidents...
Obamanation was a 'limp wimp'.....
Obama, you have absolutely "No Knowledge" of any critical issues!.. Your pathetic leadership proves it...
Unemployment was at at all-time low during that POS's tenure.
PRESIDENT TRUMP was the greatest PRESIDENT
Obama is not president so why draping American flag behind his loser ass . It's disrespectful to hang a flag behind him he hates America for goodness sake!!!!
Extraordinary. He uses that all the time. Talks shit that tranny fucker fraud.
This is why i never voted for this peace of un-qualified shit Obama the biggest fraud of the Democratic Party
I love president trump
all of u are u use porn to control your leaders u pay hookers 100k mygod
Obama should hang
Obama is terrorist who killed gadafi
I remember back when Obama said "I continue to believe that Trump won't be President" ...would you like some salt and pepper with that Barack? 
NO T SAYING HE'S THE BEST BUT HE'S DAMN GOOD
HA,HA ,HA,
Obama needs to go some place else.  VN VET 69-71
Fast forward to June 2018, how fucking stupid does Buffoon Obama look now?
45 your a fucking traitor and a idiot.
And what experience does oslama have? He destroyed our country, now Trump has to fix what oslama fucked up. That's everything
Obama coward had policy strategic patience in other words do nothing and talj about how great he is. Total loser worst prestdent ever for americans
Obama is the worst leader in the history of planet
Compare Trump's face to General Patton's face when they're mad :-)
Trump is the worst president in history. It's unlikely that he will complete his term. Dead man walking. Impeachment is imminent.
HEEE! Love POTUS! Glad he fights back!
Every one with sense in there head knows clinton set that up. Gold star family needs to show some respect if they want some respect.
GO AWAY BARACKULA - YOU SUCKS .
brenda rose fake and other
fake comment here punch ur face
fake i wonde trump is really obama accusations
won bin anonymous ph dra ma ask kim jung trump and ekizabeth wnb clasmeyt thick spy trump putin fbi cia nsa
STFU OBAMA 
Obama uhh takes uhh too uhhh long uhh to uhh talk uhh... Or at least to think of what he's going to say next.Donald Trump is off the cuff and destroys him. Every. Time... Trump Rules. No apologies.
Barack Obama is absolutely worthless. He isn't worth a bucket of horse piss
what experience do you have Obama your a weak ass commander and chief . you made our military look weak ass hell. so stfu already dam!
I miss Bill O'Reilly.  Oh and I love Trump!
Obama is fucking retarded I hope he does slowly and painfully
Screw you Hannity and your awful trumpadump.
Go trump
This is the first video I have seen with Obama in about 3 years and I still get a sick feeling!  No more!
Come back Obama! You're a constitutional scholar, tell us, can we reelect you in 2020? The american people don't know what a bad president is - trump! They have no idea you can't fix stupid in 8 short years - Bushes reign! We need you in office for about 12 more years to staighten out the U.S.!
The moment you knew Obama was really dumb is when he said there were 57 states.
ACTUALLY  YOUR A DRAFT DODGER and THEY WILL/ARE keep making $$$$your a LOSER
You say MAYBE, we the people say YOU ARE THE WORST EVER!! YOU ARENT EVEN A president  fat phony crooked son of a bit h OBAMA, OBAMA, OBAMA!!THE GREATEST PRESIDENT  EVER, YOU BLABBER TOO MUCH!!YOU AND CONWAY,  MOTOR MOUTHS!! ALIEN WHORE MALARIA STANDS BY TURDS SIDE LIKE A STATUE  SHOULDERS WIDER THEN A Mns KUSHNER IN DRAG!!
You are the worst guy in the WH, ever.   Not even in same league as our beloved President Obama.  Of course, you already have a love relationship with Russia, they own you
LOOK AT THE ORANGE TURD TRYING TO LOOK HARD,WHILE LOOKING STUPID! YOU FAT POS YOU WILL NEVER (underline  never)  THERE TURD GOES BABBLING,  LAH,BLAH 'TODDLER!' HAHAHA TURD CANT IGNORE THE GREAT OBAMA!!YOU TURD SPEAK LIKE A FOURTH GRADER BLAH,BLAH!!HAHAHA!
PBS newshour disable their comment boards they don't want to know what we have to say they have shit for brains
Viva Mexico  
Donald Trump is a man,,,, yes a big mannnn and hes draining the swamp to make all Americans freeeeeee,,,, especially against Crooked Hillaryyyyyyy ,,,, To be sung to the song of "Danial Boone was a Man" You make up the rest of the song its really easy :-) If you've forgotten the song its on YouTube
Ur the worst president ever Donald Trump 'Loser'
He's so full of shit.  The ignorant and naive still believe him.
Obama is "setting record lows"
Time to deport Kahn and his wife.
Rabble rousing negro. I want my healthcare back.  You lie
Every time you open your piehole...
The Democratic party must think Americans are sub intelligent for they have forgotten the many years of prepping us for police states. The eight years of Obama's rein was to continue their agenda. The Democratic party has show to the world what they really want. They do NOT follow the United States Constitution nor do they care for the Citizens or this country. Obama and the Clinton's sold the American people out.
Just arrest Obama and his accomplices already!
bama boy   low class loser
He is such loser
Two sexual predators on Fox News at the same time,surprise ?not really
Muslim little  wuu MAN
Just stop appreciating the sacrifices of Muslims towards the USA....... where the hell have you buried the utmost sacrifices made by Christians towards the USA?? ........ the sacrifices made by Christians are much more than those of the Shreya followers.......
No you are the worst ever
Obama was hands down the worst POTUS... he was more like a POS
That's impossible for him to be the worst president because that's your title Trump you're the worst president that this country has ever seen not only does this country think that but around the globe thing the same thing
I forgot how big Dumbo's ears are....Looks like a gremlin.
why this ape still running loose ? make it pay all the money which it  & it boy friend Mike stole from tax payer like me than send them all to zoo in Kenya where they belong.
Im Halfiranian from anti-American Germany and u can take it from me: I love Donald Trump with all my heart. He's doing so pretty well, its so disgraceful that his successful politics in foreign and economic issues doesnt receive the recognition he really deserves.
IT HURT SO BAD TO HEAR THAT SORRY PILE OF SHIT I'M SO GLAD THAT LAME BLACK ASS IS GONE AND DONT HAVE TO HEAR  HIM ANYMORE IF I DON'T HAVE TO .
Trump!..trump!!..trump!!!..trump!!!!
He never answered the question.
More like Donald drunk...
Oh god please send this trump bitch to prison
Big ear ass is gone and we finally have real leader
Obama is the saddest stand-up Prick. Easy to start wars and ignore problems in your own Country. Oh, wait. Obama, your not from this Country. Makes complete sense, to allow the USA to inflate to crash, from a foreign alien/immigrant. Trump is gonna fix your Democratic Party corruption real nice.
I love President Trump he is the best . President Trump for a second term.
trump you corrupt lying jelious of President Obama old ass piece of old shit.
The MUSL:IM TRAITOR OBAMA has ZERO CREDIBILITY!
I tell you what I don't care what anybody say about Donald Trump okay first of all this man done more than this f**** a**** that stalking right the f*** now Donald did more f**** thing for everybody in this country from the time he was elected okay now I understand a lot of people who is upset with the president on some of the tactics that he does but at the end of the day he's still our president and we still have to be behind this man no matter what okay no matter what but for this black mother f*** talk about somebody he needs to look at his own f**** resume first of all I hope somebody sends this s*** to this f**** dumb m********* that's talkin s*** first of all this man bought in guillotines to chop people heads off a part of his health care what f**** kind of President does that what kind of president that will girls and get surgery done on the side of his f**** head and don't think that people don't know what the f*** is going on with the side of his head so if you want to talk about somebody mr. X president you need to look at your f**** self and you know what Ronald Reagan was right when he said about your f**** dumbass
Trump as no room talking about anyone that he thinks lies Good god when does he every tell the truth?
UNA VIL PORQUERIA DE PRESIDENTE.
CALLATE EL HICICO.IPOCRITA.TRAIDOR.SOCIALISTA.ANTIPATRIOTA.MENTIROSO. FLOJO.
It's been reported in Europe that USA has put pressure on Russia  25/5/2018 President Donald Trump is doing a fantastic job well done sir
Obama cannot talk why??????
Obama is such a good speakers for most Americans, but not for all of us. I can see through his acting and b.s. ! Sounds so sincere and honest, hes great for idiots and children!
O'Reilly interrupts our president & acts like he's thinking deeper than Trump. What a tool! Constantly interrupting a more intelligent man to sound like he's got a better grip on reality. Shut up Bill. Get counseling
"I think he is the worst president , I think" He knows foreign policy far better, but "couldnt it be better if we can just get along with Russia". Ummm! I see how much foreign policy you know . Thanks Bill for telling POTUS let me "refocus you back".
O
OBAMA ...THE MUSLIM IMPOSTER EX PRESIDENT IS DESTINED FOR GITMO
Haven't Bill and Don done the country proud since this interview almost 2 years ago ...
Barak Yusuf Hussein Obama was NO President! He was the very First SULTAN of Americistani  Islamic Caliphate, which Capital City is Dearborn, Mitchiganistan! Thank gOD THE American ppl woke up and kicked the Anti-Semitic, Anti-American, Islamists & Sharia Law loving Democnazi Party and their Lunatic & Insane Supporters and VOTED for a President (May the Lord Jesus Christ Help Him) President Donald John Trump, a Man who are place America, American Citizens and LEGAL Residents FIRST Not Islamic Continent Invaders and Terrorists, Illegal South American Aliens!!! And so and so! BTW I'M NOT EBVEN AN American! I'M A Hungarian LIVING IN Yukon Territory CANADA
This guy is the worst president in American History!
He's a fucking idiot!
All trump can do is attack!
He is
He's a bitch and Michelle is a Man
Obama is just jealous and a piece of shit  because Trump has done more in a year-and-a-half then obumer did an eight years
2.5 years later, Trump is POTUS and the MSM are still lying fucktards...
donald trump is a fool.
Smoall stodan shares please wi sekolah my please mof to malaysia Aman ullah killng lif years es 1985.2018.5.25 
Obama  let illegals  do what the want
 Not for Americans.
So now after 8 years obama starts to care about veterans
Mr. Trump best President ever. . .
Barry aka Obama worse President ever..
Hey Donald... my old man always told me, "when folks have negative things to say about you", just consider the source. Obama didn't do a good job, he robbed America while he played Big Shot. He was a token, that didn't do shit for his people or his country,
Trump is a Great President.
If Obama would have been office any longer , he would have surrendered to Putin and we would be buying our vodka in rubles now
All NEWS ORGANIZATIONS ARE BULLSHIT  .   SO BLIND  !!
president trump rock's....what a great man
Worst ever, ever, ever, ever...
Are you talking about KENYA AFRICA....muslim insane Obama, EXECUTE ASAP FOR HIS CRIMES AGAINST THE PEOPLE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA
Fat trump is stupid! President Obama is the best president over!
Go away Obama! You are not our President! God gave us President Trump!  You and Hillary need to stay out of politics! We, the people,  don't trust either of you!
Birth of America was conceived in the genocide of the red man.
Selfish ignorant citizens have selfish ignorant leaders.
Piece if shit trump and his mail order bride is evidence of piece of shit nation.
Trump fucks his daughter Ivanka,
He does what he says.
Fake president and his mail order bride cant read or speak english at high school level.
PHD, JD vs unlicensed fraud contractor
Debate between trump and obama is unfair, 
Harvard top graduate vs high school drop out!!
BO only talk, talk, talk...
President Trump talk and act for the welfare and interest of America people !
I lliked O'Reilly while he was on Fox except when he brought his boyfriends Miller and Goldbooger on his program, but he does have a tendcy to give advice that he is incapable of following. Does he not have any friends who aren't jewish, BTW?
Osama bum obama is a POS muslim scumbag.  So is his husband.  Hahaha
It would be funny if Trump weren't so stupid.
Obama you are such a piece of shit currupt last man who should of ever been elected to office in the world now your little Balls are going to JAIL...
You and bill are a match made in heaven big crybabies
Trumpo is a bozo
TRUMP you are a woefully unprepared jackass
He's just whining like a baby "Oh I was viciously attacked, poor me" What kind of human leader is he?
GOD BLESS MR PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP 
SO TIRED TO SEE OBAMA ... 
obummer makes jimmy carter look almost competent.
Trump is a hypocrite.
What about those 57 states obama? Or you talking about the marine corpse. Barrys the pseudo intellectual. The guys a friggen community organizer nothing more. His failed presidency is apparent to all but the most ardent sycopants! MAGA
No one pays any attention to bath house barry
The same attitude is ingrained to most from the youngest to the oldest journalist ......dominating the interviewee
I hate the way journalists dominating the interviewee.....shame on them. They have no integrity as far as I wAtch most of their interviews. Journalists attitude is twist and preprogrammed the interviewee....
Trump is impossible for anybody else to be the worst president because you are the worst president that ever lived
Donald Trump will go down in history as being a better president than Ronald Reagan
Obama you were a horrible president!          Trump you rock!
Trump can't read or write.  He lies about everything.  Trump needs to jump ship.  Everyone hates you.  Go home
Trump will go down in American History as the Best President ever ...... second to none with IKE as a close second -
Bill O'Reilly Was FOX News -
Obama is such a phony
go get 'em, Donny
Firstly it IS President Trump ! ! Not Donald Trump or Trump . Especially while you call the Muslim terrorist who was and is an imposter and con man Barry Sotero  President , when it to be correct should be 'former president . . . . Or what ever it's name really is , you know the Muslim that occupied the White House for eight long devastating years . Who wasn't even legally the president as 'it' isn't an American . Perhaps this is an old video and calling President Trump , Donald Trump is accurate when made . But this crap is still going on today May 18th 2018 . The rest is accurate today as it was then about the 'con-man' . This is a common occurrence and even on  Fox News during broadcast on TV ! !   Get it right next time ! ! !
Obviously President Trump has not been treated fairly compared to any other President though.
Calmly be a psychopath and lie calmly. Obummer. Agreed Trump is the Champion chess player.
I'm so glad Obammy lost. His Iran nuke bribe was just torn up recently too....
As a SCOTSMAN following the great American Poeples fight against the Trump haters I see this lying treacherous Obama ands just feel sick in the Pitt of my stomach every time he opens his disgusting mouth...Please God may you get your country back to what is once was when so man y fought and died to keep the ordinary man and woman free. Finally you have a POTUS with the heart to put the people first..MAGA.
All his bullshit talking points like they was going to make a difference he thought he could turn the people against him back fired right in his fucking face I love it.
Woefully unprepared not thats you, you treasonous piece of shit Obummer. 
DJT has done waaaaaaaay more good for our country in 18 months than you did in 8 years. 
Adults are at the table now. Sit down and be quiet. 
MAGA 
MOST AWESOME PRESIDENT IN MY LIFE TIME.  GOD BLESS PRESIDENT TRUMP AND HIS ADMINISTRATION.
Americans know how Obama has been the worst POTUS in history! No need to tell us how bad this former POTUS performed his duties to protect America and how he failed those that voted him into office in the worst way possible; worst than Carter!
pucking Obama is a disgraced Traitor!  evil bastard!
bass turd
Obama is not president, never was. Stop calling him that.
OOOHHH TRUMPIE,YOUR A TURD,COMPARED TO PRESIDENT OBAMA!!! YOU TURDTRUMP, SMELL,YOUR KIDS AND ALIEN WHORE MALARIA ARE CROOKED CREATURES.  POOR PUNK YOU ARE A MISERABLE PIECE OF SHIT!YOU'LL  ALWAYS BE A LITTLE SAD VULGAR TURD

boom yes, what a response PRESIDENT TRUMP WOOOOW, YOU ARE THE REAL THING,  YOU GOT THE PEOPLE IN SHOCK,  who will be able to follow you.  from what I can see, "no one can."
Why are we rerunning this over again.  Our Presidents performance with our troops is beyond perfect.
Obamas trying to impress with his stuttering, hesitating and ah,ah, one has to be on guard when Omyshit is trying to philosophies 
really exposes his Muslims BullShit.Good riddance. Go help Hillary to write her memoirs...After all losers are suppose to help
one another.
Don the Con seems to be very sore headed due to Obama's true statement.He just has to learn to watch his big mouth that gets him in trouble all the time!!
You want to shut Obama up, truly examine his behavior relating to Benghazi. Their could not be a better definition of shameful.
Obama is a wimp, glad he's out of the white house.  President Trump is giving us results, all Obama did was sell out America.
Since our countrys President is elected by majority of Americans, then the evaluations of pro and con should let Americans voice to say, because this will be the most accurate and reasonable evaluations, I guess.  I also believe that may not be the appropriate manners to criticize successors governing leadership, let Americans to feel, sense, learn by their own feelings according to Americas own principles.  This is why I totally understand that why President Bush 41and President Bush 43 never want to criticize their successors, but let New President to lead and govern by their own styles and let Americans of all to evaluate themselves.  Their attitude is to support and help newly elected President to lead and govern only according to our country Americas own principles of either election laws or Constitution only.  Also I believe that during the Presidency campaign, Mr. Trump shouldnt say Gov. Bush is low energy person, because peoples madness really had nothing to do with Gov. Bush at all, he was a great Governor of Florida.  Although it was campaign, still it was our own manners and appreciation for great, good, better, ok services and contributions to our country.  Although it was the debate, after that, still are friends for Americas greatness to work out together instead of hurting or others, I guess.  Surely elected President Trump has learned much after he became elected President Trump.  I believe that he learned quickly and worked very hard without paychecks and achieved some important things with Congress altogether or his administration.  I believe that its time for all of us to unite together again by our country Americas principles from now on and in the future and our own generous mind of forgiveness to put our energy, time and financial resources to achieve greatness by getting things done quickly together again.  Americas principles and unity together are the strength of our country by learning experience to understand more and do better things from now on and in the future.  I also believe and wish that Gov. Bushs quality will be able to serve and contribute together again for Americas greatness by the principles as well as by elected President Trumps leadership wisdom of generosity for Americas greatness.  One step further, unity and getting things done quickly altogether wont be too hard to achieve.  Not easy to be generous mind as ordinary Americans, not to hard to achieve the unity by generosity, kindness and wisdom through learning experiences as governing leaderships, I guess.  Lets be united together by our country Americas own principles of freedom and equality of the opportunities and patriotism and loyalty toward Americas greatness.  God bless America always.
Obama your such an Ass, go away!
You are right Donald Trump Obama is the worst president in the history of the United States all his corruption speaks for himself and on top of it selling America's uranium to Russia our enemy how disgraceful prosecute Obama and put him away for life
No fake news. Trump lies. He is a liar. Has to stop.
Looks like Trump is hang drying some dank cannabis in the background.
President Trump American Patriot Alpha Male 777.
I wish ud just try his punk ass for treason and hang the mfker
Obama is going to get caught and he knows it.and I can't wait to see him and the other crooks in sing sing. Let him and Hillary sing to dirty Joe..
Not so funny now is it obama.
Correction Trump everything happening is cause of 44. Your riding coat tail with american economy.  44 was peaceful and thats why the world love him.
Grumpy going to get alot of people killed
Obama the rhetoric guy whose promises were nothing but empty promises to us, but a great generosity to our enemies. $150,BILLION TO IRAN AND MORE TO Palestine.
Barry the Liar is always careful in what he says off prompter.  It's hard to lie your ass off when cameras are watching, huh Bar?
O Rielly: What say you?

Trump: I think he is the worst president maybe in the history of our country. 

HAHAHAHAHA
Don't defend Obama bill!  He should be, at the very least, imprisoned at Guantanamo,  stripped of his accolades,  secret service guards for life, wtf? ! and Arguably, put before a firing squad for high treason!
Obama wants a succulent hotdog from Chicago!
GOD bless you Mr President more and more I pray and cover you with the blood of Jesus christ.
Trump is such an idiot...
Trump is right about Obama he is the worst president ever in the history of the United states!!! 
Obama spent more money than any president combined ever
OBAMA IS THE WORST PRESIDENT WE HAVE EVER HAD~~~~~!!!!!  
YOU ARE SOOOOOOOOOOOOOO  RIGHT~~~PRESIDENT TRUMP!!!!!!!!!!!   
THE FAKE NEWS IS........................RUDE, CRUDE AND A PIECE OF CRAP AND ALWAYS WILL BE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!    WHAT IS WRONG WITH PRES. TRUMP DEFENDING HIS CHARACTER!!!!
      GIVE ME A BREAK~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  
May 13, 2018
CNN on news today is GOING DOWN~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~HOORAY, AND ALL OF AMERICA IS CHEERING~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~THAT KNOW OF THEIR POISONOUS FAKE NEWS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!   YOU DID NOTHING WRONG, PRES. TRUMP!!!
And the likes win again we are so feed up with whipping liberal snowys
Obama,is much better than the clown is the presidencial chair. He said lier to Obama y he is way worst . He is atacking to anyone he want. Totally desastre.  His racist coments against the poor countries. Its sad how Amrica Lost the dignity,the Freedom for one man think only in himself.He changing minds of people,bad to worst.  I wish the same you wish to me
TRUMP2020 
OSAMA BIN LADIN
OBAMA BIN LYING
Obama, spit it out!  Are you high?  You are useless.  
All your phoney BS is getting old. Enough already.  As far as Kahn, sorry about your son, but you started it. Everyone knows how the liberals work, and they used you, and paid you to be their puppet.
Obama worst President ever !!!
One has to reflect on what Trump said before he was elected and now what he has accomplished in the 18 months in office.  Makes Obama look foolish and boyish.
Quit putting the name president in front of obomber. You have to be born in the USA to earn that...
look at this man child look at the lies lol he is the biggest liar but all his brainwashed cuntface fans cus that's what they are his fans eat it all up hahahahahahahaha
Trump is stupid
He always made sense.
clowns Clowns CLOWNS !!!
He looks like a spoiled child whose mad because others refuse to put up with his shenanigans. Donald go get the Crimea back.
BILL CLINTON DODGED THE DRAFT AND WENT TO CANADA.
Donald trump is the worse president in the history of all presidents
Obummer the most failed president in history.  Gave 180 billion to the largest terrorist country in the world  Obummer is a closet Muslim no other reason explains the Iran move.
Obama; What a wanker!
Go on. President Ronald trump!
obobua you don't have a soil and then you sold the USA out to the rat's the musulm bruaded like rats   13 your breanding kids. that young is a desgreas too the people now git out off the  USA  do you hier the  anagel singe and the Wight knight rises upon. git out you baby rapers
So happy we have President Trump 
100% with you
Obama has a delusion of grandeur but the truth about him will soon come to light as God is going to unfold it for us.
Yes and President Trump is making your 8 years in office look like a bad sit-com!
trump is not mean hes just stupid period
maybe the world gets lucky and trump get a stroke that would be so nice
trump is the best!!!!!!
He's doing better than obama ever could
Mr Obama You have betrayed America ... your a LIAR, A MUSLIM and a smart arse ... I would love to meet you at midnight in a lane way you arse hole ... Donald Trump he is our Champion. The best thing you should do Obama is run and hide...
President Trump, Powerful Leader Period... 
yea! B.Hussein is history! Thank God!
That's a strait denouncement
God I couldnt stand this asshole he is so fake , Obama I mean.
trump destroyed Obama by becoming president. Obama can suck it
trump destroyed obama by becoming president hahaha
Now the Donald is president how do you guys feel now. Trump is a shit president
Obumner worst PRESIDENT OF THE CENTURY.WHEN OBUMNER TALKS HE PAUSES AFTER EVERY WORD THATS JUST HIS ARROGANCE WANTING TO HEAR HIMSELF,I COULD KICK HIM IN THEASS, CANT STAND OVMIT
Let's hope Trumpeee's going away soon.  Maybe in an orange suit.
Well, one of them is already gone...the second one...I guess is going away pretty soon..
Even a coconut hanging on a tree is got more brains than the coconut that has spent eight years in the White House lying and cheating and giving money away to foreign countries trying to influence elections around the world with our taxpayers dollars Obama is nothing more than a fucking piece of shit
Like Obama cared about gold star families or Americans. Obama never knew anything about this country or the world. He is not the worst president that title is still George W Bush.
One year later... ISIS lost..:) Trump is badass
Ovomit is a pig...A 'pathetic manager & leader.   Ovomit  duped  WA &  our stupid liberal voters into electing and re-electing him. Thank GOD   that Hillary Clinton didn't become President.  and that we got a Rep President that was capable of taking control of our borders and handling foreign affairs & destroying ISIS. God Bless President Trump and his adminstration.
Nice try Obama. 
What a fucking act!
President , Trump continue fighting.. dont listen to this weenie,
Trump is the best
The news put their noses up over Hillary's crimes but make up lies about Trump even so more now in 2018! Trump is focused and make peace with North Korea and bring home 3 prisoners at his sum it meeting with Kim any day now!! Trump lowered taxes,donated his salary,and it really a fighter for the working country man.
Trump the very BEST president we ever had Obama a shame! Obama sucked BIGGLY!
Shows what he knew Trump's kicking ass lol
THE. Musician got to git oyt. Yhe raperr the vackion  sumdion  it foin
Thay   goa anoba   mixael  gohad nimead sh. Is
I don't feel bad that Trump is ruining the country. You all could have voted but you didn't. So anyone who complains and didn't vote has no right.
DONALD TRUMP IS PRESIDENT. DONT EVEN WORRY ABOUT WHAT THE PRESIDENT'S JOB IS!!!!! YOU HAD YOUR. CHANCE. GET OVER IT!!! YOU BLEW IT. GET OVER IT GET A HOBBY.
what fucking idiot Trump is and dam ass the most lying president in history in only one year . 80% of the tax breaks to wealthiest American's lol  trash follows trash. white house bill u claim slaves where treated well lol  and Trump I read alot lol can he read ? bill trying to lead him in the right direction
SHUT UP OBLAIMA YOU PIECE OF SHIT. 
OBLAIMA WAS A FUCKING JOKE JUST LIKE HILLDA BEAST.
President Obama pulled you out of the  housing market. that Donald Trump and head cronies got us into. so this madman doesn't know what the hell he's talking about. And we could never get along with a communist country. President Putin is a deceiver and a manipulator and a KGB operative. it would be a disaster for America. and he is total disaster
Hope Trump crushes that snakes head !!!
Obama the only you have been prepared for is lying and cheating the American people and destroying our country,Obama has screwed up our country and we are glad he is gone,trump is right Obama. is the worse president WE have ever had
What ???? Gold star family????? He's got to be kidding!!!!!!!
He's the biggest liar ever how dare he call someone a liar, Still lying
which one is the alleged serial sexual harasser ?
You fucking piece of shit grumpy fuck off you motherfucker. I will fuck you up with what I know though Jesus. you p ussy ass bitch go fuck your wife's sister. damn you really did. I am calling u names again in my letter you fuck tard
Mr President Obama, miss you. The orange lying clown is bringing us down!
Draft dodger Trump
Yeah sure, Obama is the worst worst president America had LOL.
lol conservative america is just a group of uninformed, uneducated, ignorant, racists and rednecks that just soak up whatever propganda they see online....there's reason america has become a laughingstock after trump took office
Look up the dictionary definition of the word 'patriot' and then look up 'traitor' and see that Obama is a traitor and Trump is a patriot.
i really miss bill.
if you don't like that BIG D.T is now president, well you can give all the thanks to Omamma Boy
Fuk u Nazi
Obama was not an  AMERICAN  He set the bar so low as a President ,  It will never be reached, Ever !!
If I have to make an as s out of myself to help my country its the least I can do
trump is my president
Trump speaks truth. Globalists lie. Liars hate free speech. What Trump said here happened with Russia in Syria. Trump does what he says. That's what we need.
Dang, I saw this interview clipped somewhere else that made Trump look like an off the wall idiot. I like to find the "full version" of stuff to double check. Glad I did, 'cause it is quite the opposite when viewing it in the correct context.
Obama can speak and make people feel good but when the speaking is over who goes off and gives us a bad health care plan, bombs Arab countries and rewards corrupt bankers. Hmmmmmmmm.?
Can't wait for the hammer to drop on this big orange ass!
Why would The Creator of this World allow an entire Race of People be hated this much by every other race of people. ?
Donald Trump is a bigot, mentally deranged, a criminal, FAKE, illegitimate, and a total asshole
Love President Trump 
Obama! I admire your way of speaking so beautifully however lack actions...
If ya knew what he knows, you'd walk around with a barf bag, like the NY Police did, after watching Huma & Killerys Child Pedo Snuff Film!  Who was protecting THAT CHILD Then!?  "POTUS is", hes Tearing Down 70yrs+ of Satanic WW Cabal!  Someone Cut this Brave Businessman, whose Our POTUS, & who compassionately, "CHOSE to take Evil On", "with HEROIC WW Patriots, -FOR HUMANITYS SAKE!". See 70yr Decisions made w/o Our knowledge:. govt Agenda 21, 30 & 50, & Georgia Guidestone Monoliths, -"Goal to Kill 90% of Humanity by Year 2020!". They've POISONED ALL Our WW RESOURCES+!  Pls SEEK GOD Pppl, ask for Discernment & Guidance
Then Waht 
The mainstream media has been corrupted by Obama,  the Shadow Govt., the Deep State, and the Industrial Cabal so they will spit out anything dictated to them no matter how fake it is because they are their main sponsors and puppeteers. The problem is that they can brainwash the LOW IQ and the lazy to research people who just eats up what is doled out to them.
Russia was our ally in WW2 and so why not be their friends again now that the Soviets has gone out of that country?
When a person is a liar, you can hear it in their voice like what I hear when Obama or Hillary speaks.
now trump looks like an ass
hahaha, Spanky!
Trump is more genuine than Obama. He could come off as obnoxious but he's the real deal and he speaks what people in this country has been thinking of.
Love my president
Why does O'reilly refer to "our" President as Trump and to Obama as the President ? Obviously this is a very old interview ?
President Donald J. Trump tells it like it is !!!!  Great President!!!! One of a kind!!!! He's strong enough to stand up and tell the truth!!!!
Sometimes Trump acts like he's  a argumentative child....  That's one of the things that i love about him 
The issues are you Obama depleted our military and our country so don't be so quick to pat yourself on the back
Again why do we need to have a relationship with Russia they have nothing to offer us but they women that comes underneath the skirt illegally for prostitution. Why is he so much kissing Putin's butt all the time we have records and proof that they ended fear in our elections they have hackers. Why do you want to have a relationship with these people where they can and nipple ate our system and do whatever they want. Russia has nothing to offer us nothing
I kind of feel bad for Obama history is going to look at his presidency as what not to do don't go around apologizing for America don't trade 5 train Killers for one Trader don't give billions of dollars to people who want to kill us he accomplished nothing all he did was divided the country worse than Carter president Trump erased all his bad decisions thank you Jesus Christ Lord in heaven for president Trump
Obama I havent cared for me for you said you were going on your worldwide apology tour apologizing for America fuck you you skinny ass anti-American liberal fuck you fuck you fuck you
Obama you lying motherfucking Muslim traitor to America I cant stand you or your boyfriend Mike youre disgusting you are both fake Americans Donald Trump is going to save our country over you fucking Democrats get use to it motherfucker
ITS TRUE THE WORST PRESIDENT EVER .AND FUCK CON
....many, many people are saying it, too! Yes, Mr. Trump, but all those many people, who might say the same, do not go for being President. They maybe say things, but that's at home inside their own walls. Besides that.....many hate this kind of a lame excuse! I say, what what they say, or because they've said it....! Not everything is fine only because other do or say it too, Mr President!
OBAMA = 0 indictments,  Orange Rapist = 6 guilty pleas.   Trumptards is this winning?
From listening to this bullshit all I care about is banging Melania on Trump's bed while he sits in the corner and jacks off like a horny monkey on Viagra
I am black and dont matter who president as long as he helps our country but if Trump dont start  I voting him out he always looks mad and it scares me the most
That OK he still crying karma a bitch     OBAMA IS THE WORST PRESIDENT EVER and Obama even said so
Obama was and still is the worst president of the United States.
#fucktrumpandhissupporters 
Trump you was born a disaster you dumb ass clown  only 2 1/2 of your ridiculous act in the house. Enjoy. Jesus I still cant get over the fact that this pice of Shit trump is president and how many dumb ass hillbillies deplorable hate because of the color... good lord. You dumb ass imbeciles voted for this scum because he speaks your prejudice hate... wow, lol. What the fuck is next? Even after all the bulshit this fucker trump continues to do you cocksuckers still back his drunk ass up. Lol wtf is wrong with this world. Unfuckingreal.
Where are the promises about getting along with Russia?
Trumps just like me Im from Atlantic City and filly dont worry he can talk, and I can, talk , thats why Im sending Big Don in again to kick their ever livin asss .  Mother fuxxrs
It  is now 4/2018. I WONDER if these people still feel the same about POTUS.  And who is now the worst president?. Hello
PLEASE DO NOT GET JESUS CHRIST IN THIS CORRUPTION AND BIGOTRY.  POTUS JUST DESCRIBED HIMSELF IN EVERYTHING HE JUST SAID ABOUT OBAMA.
:Listening to the former traitor and President  Obama is like hearing a tape loop of lies constantly repeating themselves and that there were people stupid enough to believe in them shows you exactly why America is in trouble!
SEDITION!!!!
is the dude on the left wearing a clown's tie?
DemoCRIPS and ReBLOODlicans: No More Gangs in Government Paperback  May 28, 2013
by  Jesse Ventura (Author), Dick Russell  (Contributor)
Mean! But a President!
Fuck Donald Trump go to hell
No idiot you are the worst president of all history you only a president if it wasn't for Russia you wouldn't be president.
obama was a FAKE president in the whole world.
lol Obama two terms lol trump almost done in first term
trump is a slowass retard whos also obsessed with his jealousy of President Obamas legacy.
0:55 The hammer is DROPPED
I absolutely hate Obama.
I'm not a history nerd but from what I know,some of the best President's we've had were not politicians. I love how he keeps pissing people off
Trump is an assclown and Russian lover he should know he had Russian help to become presadent.
Obama was the worst president in history and Hillary would be much much worse she would start a war and she would try I say fucking to take our guns
Lol how'd that "gold star " family work out ! Turns out your hero was a pedophile sex addict lol
Let's just keep following the ZOG. What could go wrong?
Trump lies so much, that the lie doesn't believe the lie anymore. The greatest liar that has ever been in the white house
What??? Trump can't even read!  He's such an idiot.  He's an embarrassment to our country! Trump, please just go back home and be with your family.
He is the best
I love President Obama
The warmogering cunt cannot his homeland and wants to invade Syria.another blunder like Afghanistan and Iraq.
I died laughing from the first two sentences after "What say you?"
Obama speaks so artificially, like the rest of those circus clown's, no chance to Trump, J F Kennedy second best president after D Trump.....
The greatest pres was Obama 
Fantastic!
Putin took over Crimea because Obama was a weak president.  He has his own definition of logic, this one.   

And that he knows a lot more about foreign politics than Obama?
Well, show us then!
And do something smart/right!

Obama the worst president?
He took over  country in deep crisis after the financial crack, and have done a better job than anyone could dream of.
Propaganda by the left.
Trump you are the worst President ever! You rate in the lowest of all Americans ever!
He doesn't know anything about the money an the business of what old to me that y he has not give me any of my money his race
Yes Mr President Trump, we people are attacked, they have a right to attack back. Even if you are running for president. I support you 100% on that. Plus that Khan guy was not even a decent guy himself. You are actually pretty nice to him. He had the gut to speak publicly insult other people, he has to have the gut take it back. Once the opponent fought back, immediately pretend to be so vulnerable and acted like being hurt so much is so pathetic. Don't do it if you can't take the fight.
The fact that you as a president, acted so innocent in public but wiretap the other candidate secretly and openly offensively attack the other candidate are the reasons I voted for him and encouraged people around me to vote for him. I am very happy with my choice now that all your legacies are going into the drain.
This sloppy piece of shit has always been jealous of Obama.
DT is a bum.
Little drug addled Eunuch couldn't get a haggard old mentally impaired drunk to replace him and is a sore loser because of that.
this president can say anything he wants bc it;s true, he doesnt lie about any of it, so if it's true he should be able to tell the world and he does thank god finaly an honest president good for the press everyone who voted for him doesnt listen to lying press trust me we dnt give a sshit what the press says about him its they that are predjudist and dishonest and we all know it the hillary crew they are irrelevent only one to listen to is the president not all the riff raff they rnt president he is remeber that.
HE WAS THE WORST PRESIDENT IN HISTORY WHAT THE HELL DID HE DO OTHER PUT THE COUNTRY IN DEEPEST DEBT EVER THE GOOF SENT A PLANE LOAD OF CASH TO IRAN HE DID WATEVER HE PLEASED AND STOLE EVERY CENT HE COULD HOW MANY IDENTITIES DOES HE RALLY HAVE HAS HOMES ALL AROUND THE WORLD IN OTHER NAMES HIS LIFE IS A TOTAL LIE EVERY BIT OF IT HE SHOULD BE SITTING IN A CELL TILL IT'S FOUND OUT WHO HE REALLY IS TRUMP ALREADY SEIZED HAlf his life and hes been ordered to pay back millions, why wasnt he put in prison no way he will ever pay 400 million dollars back so why is he free
AMERICA HAD TO MAKE A CHANGE EVEN THOUGH MANY ARE CONFUSED AND ANGRY I CAN ONLY SPEAK FOR MYSELF BUT I FEEL PRESIDENT TRUMP WAS WHAT AMERICA HAS NEEDED FOR SO LONG THAT WITH ALL THE ADMINISTRATIONS THAT HAVE CAME THROUGH OVER THE DECADES AMERICA WAS SLOWLY DYING NONE OF THEM HAD ANY BACKBONE THEY WERE WEAK AND THE WORLD COULD SEE IT...AND THAT IS NOT A GOOD FEELING.. ...NOW WITH PRESIDENT  TRUMP LEADING NOW AMERICA IS A LION NOT SCARED TO FIGHT..AND THE WORLD SEES THIS NOW...AND DOES NOT KNOW HOW TO REACT OTHER THAN THROUGH RIDICULOUS COMMENTS...BUT AMERICA HAS GOT HER ROAR BACK!..THAT MAKES ONE PROUD AMERICA HAS HER STRENGTH BACK AND THAT IS ALL THAT MATTERS IN TODAY'S DANGEROUS WORLD WITH ANYONE ELSE WE WOULD BE ON THE EDGE OF BEING DESTROYED..BUT WITH THAT BIG BAD LION SITTING IN THE OVAL OFFICE ONE KNOWS KNOW HE IS TAKING CHARGE AND NOT ABOUT TO TAKE ONE STEP BACK! AND I UNDERSTAND THAT THE OUTCOME COULD BE UGLY BUT LIONS FIGHT TO WIN THEY WILL FIGHT TO THE DEATH.AND NOT EVEN GIVE IT A SECOND THOUGHT......THINK ABOUT IT
ODUMBY is such an ASSHAT..!!!
TRUMP is Teflon,whatever is thrown at him,he brushes off and throws it right back at those who talk Their about Him...
TRUMPS PRESIDENCY IS and WILL be HUGE,for years to COME!!!
Love the way Obama looks down likes he is deep thinking all the while spouting lies and bull.
Two sex fiends interviewing each other
under Obama administration I was using the purple heart office during Obama 2 terms in office. and besides this thing about medals Tiger Woods wasn't awarded America highest civilian award ever but was taken from Tiger for what reason. is it because Tiger had affairs during his growing pains years. He I believe was in his early thirties. I believe it was possibly Tiger Woods non partisan views. Eric Williams
At this time, this loser was wiretapping Trump. But, here he is acting as if he is such a worthy leader. Obama is the reason foreign nationals should not be "president of the United States."
I speak very well

 - Donald Trump
 .....Makes sense how they cling to a trump and the republican party, lol
Your comment speaks VOLUMES ice ...
America?
What a joke. Trump is right, he's been in the game long before Obama. Obama was taking bong rips in college while Trump was working for his dad building businesses and communities.
Trump's statements age with time.
You're  a hating soul kkk
Obama..what a joke....embarassing
Too bad truth is called vicious by whinny baby Donnie!
Pouty face, it's not fair,I'm being treated so unfairly ,honesty, believe ME ...EVERYONE LOVES ME! I'm so smart...who took my leggos...it's a VICIOUS ATTACK.....LOSER!!
sign mess free theater large symptom efficiency pattern buddy yeah.
Know he says that Obama is the werst but today trump is the werst all you sun of a b$$hes who said Obama is the werst well that mean all of you are rases you all who said Obama is the werst or enything bad well fu$$$$$$$ you
Well f$$k you donaled trump
The worst president by far is Trump. Has no clue what he is doing.  A liar, a womanizer and into all sorts of shady dealings with Russia.  Where are the tax returns?  The truth will come out.   Maybe I should tweet it so he gets it.  :-)
Fuck Trump
why is obama not in prison with the clintons
Baby as concert trap tragedy corn southern step deadline middle
Trump. You. 1. Moron. President.  You. Work.  For. Putin.  Trump. You. Lyign. USA.     Money. Russia's.
Can never knock out ISIS  created by the Americans
The ALIENS have finally invaded America in the form of trump supporters.  Just pay attention to how out of touch with human reality they steadily display, its disgusting to say the least. These folks are the darkest of human kind in America  and may you all ROT IN HELL FOR THE SHIT YOU DO....
To you ABSOLUTE NUTS SEEMINGLY FROM ANOTHER PLANET  ON HERE COMPARING A CLEAR and OBVIOUS PIECE OF SHIT (trump) to the CLEAR BRILLIANCE, TRUE LEADERSHIP and INTELLIGENCE of Obama is beyond funny but more so sad.    You LIL PEA BRAINS amaze me in how you think let alone react from the gut of hatred based on SHIT U TOTALLY MAKE UP TO BELIEVE YOURSELVES BASED ON NOTHING FACTUAL.  You folks are just flat out crazy and are the true menaces to the human society by steadily viewing everything through a FILTHY LENSE.   Go back where you sick fucks came from so that the WORLD CAN FINALLY BEGIN TO BE A GREATER PLACE.
Trump the man
these two have too pay to get laid,  they are not smart, 45 has over 2,200 lies confirmed as of 3/21/18
Suck many DICKS TRUMP UR GOOD AT THAT STICK TO THAT PLEASE UR DISGUSTING
Orange dog face
130.000.00 ?
Tremendously  unfair that the porn star was threatened .PORNSIDENT of the USA
GET along with Russia .? What about the PORNSTAR?  coverup google porn and you will see POTUS
TRUMP and orielly have something both incommen there both are sexual preditors.
Obumbler is unable to string a sentence together.  Is he drunk or just dumb?  He had no idea what he was talking about, and got away with it for 8 years thanks to a complicit media.   Amazing.  My pet bird knew more about effective foreign policy than Obama.......what a terrible pres.  MAGA  KAG!!!!!
Trump is a good president but his grammar.
So, now what do you idiots think about Trump.....?? SMFH...you all still probably still support him. Redneck, uneducated, trailer trash individuals.
Hes not going to last such a lier
Obama speaks like he he not confident in what he is saying, or does not know what he is talking  about, he keeps looking down onto his notes
Trump has already done more than what Obama did in 8 years
Trump is true conservative nd works for well being of fellow Americans 
Liberals r dead jealous of trump accolades
The last many years. Trump the only one make NK talk .if the war stop. we need to vote the president to let him finish the job ..
Lmaoof. Most of you white ppl writing. Are dumb ass fuck. Yall ride for this buffoon. 
Lol!!!!   Trump is in for the full eight  Mr. Obama!!!! I will go down as one of the best American Presidents in history.
All holding High Office need their Credentials checked, So people like Obama are Stopped. and those that promoted Obama, Hillary ,shame, shame, shame.
donald trump is racist
Trump is a joke!! Cant wait for end of 4 year term
I'll say it for you mister Donald Trump all you liberals can go to that s*** hole country hoorah
He never attacked the man and this innocent man was being paid to bring in refugees to the United States. He never said he didn't want that judge because he was Mexican Otis Ellis check your facts. Trump wanted to put a wall up and this judge is a member of LaRaza and he also was bringing in refugees illegally and Trump knew it and so he knew he wouldn't have a chance with a good verdict. A fact is a fact, sick of having to tiptoe because of someones race, who the hell cares what color they are. Trump has a black homeless lady living rent free in Trump Tower for the last 8 years plus he supplies 3 meals a day. She recently made a video before that no one knew about it except Trump employees. Plus who do you think helped Jesse Jackson with Rainbow Coalition. He gave Jackson rent free office space in prime area on Wall Street. Go to search bar on youtube Otis Ellis and put in Jesse Jackson/Donald Trump. And check your facts before your lips start flapping. So sick of this racist crap, its to the point the word is meaningless. If someone burps, they're racist.
His reaction is priceless 
Shithole man Donald trump
This guy is a jerk..now he is President he's an even bigger jerk.
Obama is delusional!!!  He was an embarrassment to America and belongs in prison!!! Americans and many countries hate that bastard!! That SOB is a puss and not even American!!!  Russia wouldn't even shake his hand!!  Ha Ha ha Ha ha!!! https://youtu.be/DDx_OD50ia8
Trump talking about dealing with Russia and calling people liars? lmao oh the irony
Oh God I can't stand The Arrogance of Obumner. You are right The Worst ever Obama is a traitor
Donald Trump is jealous of Mr Obama. Because he's smarter then him. He will never be as good of a president that's for dam sure. Donald Trump is dumb, and should have never been elected as president. He's untrustworthy all he does is lie.
all you trumptards got fucked up the ass withe the new tax bill and you don't even realize it. you voted in a draft dodging, 5 time bankrupt buisiness man and complete moron not to mention one of the biggest liars i have ever heard. p.s. how about that new health bill. pay through the ass morons.
anyone notice trump blinks rapidly hahahah
I woonderfull for Obama, because he was good president. Thank you Obama.
DONALD TRUMP FTW FUCK OBAMA HE WAS THE WORST HE USED OUR TAXES AS HIS SPENDING MONEY LMFAO
What the fuck is a gold star family?.
Obama should shut up, he wasn't pushing for God centered agendas but satanic agenda..
The USA is shamed by this manchild. Get rid of him while you still can!
Obama is a hypocrite.
This individual that has never , never been in policies and polilitics makes me so sick, he is totally asshole, I am a a spherical bearing bitch. He Must be gone.  tweet, tweet tweet about it
It funny. Trump likes telling people that he Hates Obama, and that he was the worst President ever. But when meeting him face-2-face, he is just like: "its an honour to meet u" 

THAT is Why Trump is weak and NOT obama
It's stupid to compromise with the enemy,the enemy is going to be the enemy no matter what.
I wonder why Obama doesn't go back to his own terrorist country?
Correction Mr. Oboozer this is not your country. You are a Indonesian a Muslim not American con-man!
Nothing but trickery,magicians not mastery going on here folks 
Donald Trump continues to be a hypocrite and a Liar, and can never be trusted. He doesn't know what it means to be a real President of the U.S and he has failed the people of the United States. He thinks  only of himself. He does not even have the backs of the people who supports him in the white house. He is a con man, who gives away American land to business men outside of the U.S, mainly Russians. His family thinks as he does, their own interest is the only thing that is important. As far as his wife and daughters are concern, they don't stand for anything; Women's Right, Abortion, equal pay, Day care, Elderly, etc. Their reality is not of the people. We can see clearly who America really is with THOSE people in the White House. Why is it taking so long to impeach a FOOL! I guess the Republicans in office like to have a puppet to play with. Good job Republicans.
So what made you so smart. you are a piece of shit. A two year senator. What are your credentials?
What a cry baby fat sack of shit 
Donald take ur pills and chill lol 
Donald relax ur the president the guy said hahaaa lol ingnore him woo
haaaaaaaaaafucken Donald Trump's you s a fool lol we love u thouhaaaaaaaaaa
The more ignorant a person is who has allowed propaganda to permeate their empty skulls will hate Fox news as it is the only news network besides the conservative radio talk shows telling the truth anymore. Tune in and learn sheep!
Bill, 
President Trump made you focus. You are weak he is strong.
Get on the bandwagon and shut up.
Just look at the way trump talked. Totally ILL fitted for president. Disgusting.
Winning
Fuck Trump
Rapist vs Idiot
ADOLF TRUMP (3)


why not impeach this man

you can do it, yes you can


TRUMP is a horrific bore

this is not what democracy is for

he is for one a malignant narcissist

it makes genuine hearts pissed


why not impeach this man

you can do it, yes you can


depth of a surfboard

intellectual nitwit, is our accord

no awareness whatsoever

he is not even a tiny bit clever


why not impeach this man

you can do it, yes you can

the world is more dangerous now

thanks to this trump clown, wow

all his life enemies in every corner

that should have been an early warner


why not impeach this man
you can do it, yes you can

kick his poor ass to "nambia", 

get rid of this bad breed

that is from us to him OUR wishfull tweet,

our everlasting TREAT


JeVeBe 2017
"Let me refocus you"......LMAO.....in other words....you're crazy!
Lol....worst president......look in the mirror asshole...ha
Obama - setting all time lows !
Fuck you Osshole you lying piece of asphalt
fox been payed by trump & has in bed with him since 2016 just saying
OBAMA , is the one un fit to be President, it's been 8 yrs of he'll, and this country could have ISIS in every corner of US , if Hillary , Obama's deplorable  .camdidate win. We are better off with Pres Trump who will not put this country in debt, that's what Obama did , he put the country in deep debt.
It is so obvious now.  Obama,  a deep state rat. libbing off statements brought to him by a massive Deep State PR organization.   Trump simply talks the talk he has talked his whole life.
President Trump is by far, the best thing to happen to America in many, many years. He really is going to make America Great again, for all of the American people. My ONLY criticism, is that Trump seems to be doing nothing to put the Criminal Clintons, in a prison cell, where they obviously belong. I would like to know WHY is he not draining the swamp, whilst they have enough evidence to put them away for life, which includes the criminal Obama.
Hail trump
Hail USA 
destroy terrorism and make America great again 
Mr trump is the best man to lead USA from my perspective
Respect  nd support from India
Look a ukraine ,look at ukraine... russia jajajajaja!!!
What a piece of crap Trump is. As much as he attacks people with his often unintelligible rhetoric now he wants to play the victim ("oh, I was viciously attacked"). If he can't stand the heat get out of the kitchen. Also, he is so jealous of President Obama's eloquence. He speaks like a junior high schooler while it's obvious that President Obama is scholarly. Imagine he and O'Reilly, two serial woman groper's, trying to impugn Mr Obama's integrity!!!!
wow trump pimping porn star a disgrace  to his wife .
Stop repeating you were viciously attacked!  It's politics!
I wonder what all these pubics coming from trumps ball are going to thin when trump is impeached and possibly jailed
As Trump tries to take credit for Obama's accomplishments.
God Bless America thank God that Donald Trump did win
Former President Obama, please tell me why you  are criticizing the man who proved by signing the spending bill that increases government spending by 21 percent, he is completing everything you started perhaps even better than you could have. I believe he appreciates and will more than duplicate your example. Please, appreciate your secret admirer.
thank God for trump
Entertaining
And here we are!! Trump is the WORST PRESIDENT EVER!
I agree with Trump 1000%
President Trump is amazing, what he has endured for all of us is incredible. God Bless him....
Trump is a Fuckin liar doesn't have a clue what he's talking about he's not lasting long.
Sexually clue surgeon buddy contrast hip occur speed.
Lol Trump is a goof
Trump, shut the Trump up....
join us on en.falundafa.org
en.minghui.org
It's so hilarious to see this douche reacting to his reply
"I have been TREMENDOUSLY attacked." 
Lol
When Trump got involved with WWE, I was in no way impressed with Trump's personality, but when Trump was elected president I hoped for the best. When Trump was elected, his critics claimed they had the lowest of lowest of expectations  for the Trump presidency. If anyone had such low expectations they would have to be impressed with the fact that Trump has gotten anything what so ever done. I know we live in a world where it is easier for some people to lie  than tell the truth, but at least make sure your lies today are at least logical and go along  with your previous lies.
shut up donald trump. always your speeches are disaster. i want to know what kind of fool people do we have in USA to give their voice to a  casino man like you. you are construction man and you want to build a wall to steal more money. least not more focus when have speech
A man from the UK commented that Camron was talking ish about trump and he said the U K higher ups don't want Trump as our president, and he was trying to understand American politics ( generally )
^reply* Well if the ridiculing u heard took place 5 years ago, when Trump was suggesting that he was going to run against Obama for president. Well then the ridiculing was probably justified, no Americans took Trump serious back then when it came to him actually being our president & on top of that not many people even thought that he would ever run nor have the chance to win if he did run. ( including myself ) ( Back then is when he was bring up Obama's birth certificate and sh!t like that, Americans just wasn't have'n non of it, to many real problems to be talking about something so silly as that, is what most people here thought ) ( you see back then Trump was playing the republican and Democrat game, meaning he was being a normal politician ) . 
Most Americans really started paying attention to President Trump when he ran against H. Clinton. Trump was just being himself, taking no BullSh!t from the media and most importantly he was actually giving Ideas and some solutions if elected pres. AND HE WAS FEIRCLY STICK'N BY HIS OWN BELIEFS AND IDEAS ASWELL, WHICH WAS SUPER RARE TO DO SO EXSPECIASLLY SO EARLY IN THE PROCESS OF RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT., In the political world that is a big no no cause they don't wanna be to attached to firm stance on nothing until they become president, just in case they have to flop or switch later on before the actual election takes place, ( they don't wanna lose votes ) I only explain it like this cause I know nothing about yhall's process of election and not sure what u know about ours ............ Anyways Trump generally has 2 types of supporters here in America. 1st type of supporters , they are the republicans till I die and that's just the way it is, ( they play the game ) 2nd type ( which is what I am ) we are the ones who vote for the man or woman that we feel will do the best job, we are the ones who were really impressed with trump through the election process ( impressed and at the same time in disbelief because of the way he was single handedly putting the media in there place.) He was saying on the highest platform available in the world to say it, say what many of us Americans wish we could say and be heard by the world, and that is *WE AMERICANS ARE TIRED OF BEING BETRAYED BY THE MEDIA, THEY DON'T SPEAK FOR US AND GENERALLY DONT REPERSENT WHAT MOST AMERICANS REALLY ARE LIKE, THEYRE ALWAYS TRYING TO PERTRAY US AS FU(KING IDDIOTS WHO WILL BELIVE ANYTHING, AND ALWAYS MAKING IT SOUND LIKE WE ARE ALL IN 1GROUP OR THE OTHER, 1 SIDE OR THE OTHER, AND ECT. ECT................... WHEN REALLY MOST OF US DONT BELIEVE NON OF THEIR ASSES, FOX CNN , NONE OF THEM, WERE TIRED OF THEIR GAMES AND BULLSH!T. I don't agree with everything President Trump says or does. Some things are down right wrong but I believe if he can just stay focused on why he ran for pres. and come back to some sense of calm he will get a lot accomplished and make a lot of Americans proud. ( fyi I liked Obama too but I knew he was a politician meaning same O same O , ya know? )
I don't like politics & never would I claim to be in 1 of they're fake @ss republican or Democratic groups ta play da game of corruption. *I do understand the real purpose of our gov creating these groups though. The real reason for creating them is 1 of if not the only reason that the USA became the most powerful country to ever run this earth and while now days it plays a part but isn't the main reason that the USA runs shyt now days but its def. still relevant. The main reason for creating them was to give an illusion to the rest of the world that their is actually 2 USA govs 1 dem. & 2 Rep. The purpose was and is so when a rep. or a dem. pres is in office he can bomb da h&ll outta whoever he wants or cause the damage needed to accomplish there agendas. Then depending on the damage he does is how the gov decides if the other party needs to be elected and smooth out the mess while the new president symantaneously on a global level puts down the last pres that created it. This creates the illiusion of separation when in all actuality there is no separation just a long ever changing plan that exists. To be honest though I I hope its ever lasting as well because while even though I don't like it, the truth, If were not running the show no more that can only mean one thing and that thing is, SOMEONE ELSE IS RUNNING THE WORLD AND CREATING A NEW GAME MAYBE NOT AS SECRETIVE AS OUR GOV'S BUT WHO KNOWS MAYBE MUCH MORE BLUNT AND BRUTA;.*IMMIGRATION concerns Solution ! There should be A Center in every major city in America where for the next 6 months Any person in the United States Illegally can go too with the promise of no penalties for already existing or living here illegally and a lenient fast tracked process to citizenship. After the 6 months is up , CLOSE THE CENTERS & THEN THE ICE AGENCY SHOULD GO HARD AND REALLY PUT TOGETHER A PLAN TO GET THE ONES WHO DIDNT REPORT IN FOR CITIZENSHIP FOR THOSE 6 MONTHS, GET'EM OUT OF HERE! IF THIS HAPPENS HOW CAN ANYBODY FEEL BAD FOR THOSE WHO DIDNT GO TO THE CENTER TO GET CITIZENSHIP ? WE CANT FEEL BAD AFTER THAT ! I FEEL BAD RIGHT NOW THOUGFH FOR ANY PEOPLE GETTING KICKED OUT OF OUR COUNTRY JUST BECAUSE THEY WAS DOING WHAT ANY OF US WOULD DO AND THATS TRY AND GIVE OUR FAMILIES A BETTER LIFE ! real talk
Why the sour Puss
One rapist comforting another
I love Trump, read his books. And I believe he is great
Wow. Some cuntbuckets bought this con man's horseshit.
Trump will take Fox News down with him...unless Trump manages to see his goal and all the USA will go down with him.
Someone please assassinate Donald "Shithole" Dump. He is a menace to society.
I appreciate Trump for one simple thing... He does or tries to do his level best what he says... He may be politically/ diplomatically wrong in many cases but he is not a hypocrite.
THEY BOTH GRAB WOMEN BY THE PUSSY,
It is hard to believe that even your dumb ass have the nerve to call an intelligent man like President Obama a bad president.  Do you really not know how fucking stupid you really are fool.  You are without a doubt the dumbest and the worst President this country has ever seen.  I pray to God that we never see anything like your dumb ass again sitting in our White House.  You act like a ridiculous immature ignorant child.  Please stop saying you are intelligent because it makes you look and sound even more dumb than you are.  GET YOUR DUMB ASS OUT OF THE WHITE HOUSE IDIOT!
At least Trump doesn't feed us a bunch of bullshit he says it like it is sir ,I would rather hear the truth ,people that have alot to lose wants to hear lies and hearsay
Trump is the best! 
You hit him,he is hitting back!
Fight Fire With Fire!!!!!!
That's why he is giving the S.O.T.U.........M.A.G.A.
Mr Obama is on denial. America  is GREAT now. It wasnt  when he was  in office. He is just jealous
trump all you do is lie your day is coming your going to get impeached you dumbass
HEY PRESIDENT TRUMP WE THE PEOPLE LOVE LOVE LOVE YOU.
Just remember that Obama, was half Muslim and half trailer park trash that liberals voted into office. They also supported what she let happen in Benghazi because liberals are born cowards.
Good. Obama should burn in hell.
He's crying like a little baby a fucking child he is.
Donald you are the worst president ever..... what a little baby you are. Press is dishonest???? no sir you are the most dishonest person in the World, you are a pathologic liar.
OMG Berry is a POS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Obama and the dems pulled off the biggest criminal offence in US history buy putting this illegal alien in The White House.
Worst president LMAO 

He only handed or a healthy country that he made healthy to a child who collided with Russia to win an election.

Trump is not only the worst president, he is a global embarrassment to the human race.
Why doesnt he talk to Trump like you talk to everyone else
You have no clue Mr Trumpet
O'Reilly , Clinton , and Obama should take THE MUSLIN'S AND GO LIVE THE HELL IN IRAQ!!!  There nothing but muslin ass kissers! Better yet when did  the scum suckers get above the law? Hillary and Obama the gun running Haiti thief's . I hope these greedy pigs burn in hell for Benghazi and the pain that they brought to the Haitian people.
LOL Obama has ALWAYS been the one without basic knowledge !!! Shit he can't even form sentences !
Hahaha... What a joke... Trump is killing the Republican party..... Worst, unfit to be a president....can't wait to vote him out....
Best opening sentence Ive ever heard...

So what do you think

I think hes the worst president in the history of or country
OBAMA WAS CORRECT THIS CON ARTIST AND CLOWN HASN'T A CLUE ABOUT POLITICS OR HOW THE GOVERNMENT FUNCTIONS,  HE IS A BLATANT LIAR OR EPIC PROPORTIONS,  WITH A  32% APPROVAL RATING,  HE INSULTS ANYONE WHO DOESN'T AGREE WITH HIM OR DENIGRATES THE PRESS & MEDIA AS FAKE NEWS,   CALLS COUNTRIES " SHITHOLES" CALL ATHELETS  "SON OF BITCHES " CALLING MEXICANS DRUG DEALERS, RAPIST & CRIMINALS.  THIS BLOVIATING BUFFOON IN THE WHITE IS THE WORSE THAT ONE COULD EVEN BEGIN TO IMAGINE !! THE SOONER HE IS IMPEACHED THE BETTER IT WILL BE FOR AMERICA,  HE IS & REMAINS AN ABSOLUTE DISGRACE, THE PERSONIFICATION OF STUPIDITY & IGNORANCE !
Obama's coward systematic attack means President Trump is the right choice.
Barack Obama is a physical definition of what a moron is!
obambi is such a pussy
Trump is such a clown
Right on: Obama is the worst pres in the history of America. He was elected simply because he is black
I always knew we had some stupid dumb ass people in this country who support Trump but all you are doing is proving that you are as dumb as Trump. May God have mercy on America because of stupid people like you
Bumbling IDIOT!
President Donald Trump is doing great and I agree with him.
THIS IS OMG TRUMP AT HIS BEST ... IF YOU CANT YOUR CHILDREN TO WATCH HIM , OTHER THAN TO SHOW THEM HOW TO DETOUR AND NAVIGATE AROUND PEOPLE LIKE THIS . That's just real talk ... I'm just saying this guy is just LMFAOHELL I DON'T KNOW . I JUST KNOW HE'S GOING TO BE UPSET WHEN HE FIGURE OUT THE GAME REPUBLICANS ARE RUNNING AN HE'S BEING THE IDIOT ON THE FRONT LINE  LOOK AT Y'ALL VICE PRESIDENT... YALL SEE HE'S TRYING TO KEEP QUIET AN CLEAR OF THE BLAST... LMFAO  ...but OOOOHHH NO DONALD TRUMP IS TAKING ALOT OF PEOPLE OUT WHEN THEY KICK HIM IN HIS AZZ ... LMFAO DONALD TRUMP IS GOING TO BE RUNNING AROUND THE WHITE HOUSE PACKING ALOT OF PEOPLE'S BAGS ALONG WITH HIS 
WHEN REPUBLICANS ARE DONE USING HIM UP HE'S GOING TO TURN AROUND AN LOVE HISPANICS AN ALL COLORS OF RACE  . HES GOING TO BE LIKE !!!HOW COULD THEY DO ME LIKE THIS!!!! look at him HE LOOKS LIKE HE'S READY TO JUST GET IN HIS TIGHTY WHITE'Ys AN CALL IT A DAY  
THIS GUY IS STRICTLY A CLOWN ... HE CANT EVEN CONTROL A STRAIGHT FORWARD REAL OFF THE RIP CONVERSATION AN CONDUCT HIMSELF IN THE MANNER OF PRESIDENCY . when the white supremacist is Finnish with him he's going to disappear.  He's not even worthy to park there dam cars .
Nobody can comment on Obama's video about Trump ,but here you can say anything.
says already enough to me.
Trump won't last long time ticking Obama is wright.
Obama is a joke
TREASON !!!!   Arrest Him !!!!  Obama, should be hung !!!!
In my opinion the polls have truthfully  shown Donald Trump is the worst President  Ever.  He blames others. He cant take critzim Donald Trump is a big baby with low selfestem. He can dish crap but cant take it when he gets back at him. So tired of his nonsense. I could bet you he could not last a week  or say month in a regular life as typical Amercian in a day to day go work come home take care of the family live off the food tge average American families do. I d love to see that. Never will happen why because in reality he is the loser not to know what real happiness is or Real Love. The man has been married 3 times he is adultery type. I would not want be him when he meets our Creator. You know money can buy alot of things on Earth. But it cant buy your way to Heaven nor can it buy real happiness that most  of us as poor and middle class Americans work hard for. God Bless America. Donald Trump is a joke in the White House. He has no skills he needs to resign.
You better chose  your words wisely Obama, because you Mr.Obama.. Is going to come up for Treason, along with your bosom  liar Hillary...that's is why you both have seen eye to eye....and your secret society.
unemployment down to 3.9%
drugs entering USA down 55%
Obama increased the debt by $9.3 trillion
Barack Obama is delusional as some one with Dreams of Grandeur.  Obama is a first class idiot and moron.  May be every American president has had a better understanding of economics than Barack Obama.  Yes, Prosecute Victoria Nuland. If Trump did not respond it would be used against him.
I Love Donald. hes a fucking beast
Obama , the worst President America had n yet the Americans think otherwise.Trump is right. dont like the US government , then go back to where you came from. dont bite the hands that feed you by staying US and whining.
Oh yeah  Bill O'Really, Al Franken is dispicsable?  Al Franken  has a deep love for his wife. He has always shown respect for himself and honor for his country. Al Franken has gone above and beyond when giving his very best  service to US as a member of our governorment! You O'Really & trump-da-rump have never shown any respect or love for your women,  your fellow citizens and your service to America, our country.  You both are just trying to distract US from your own pussy-grabbing-sexual abuse. You both  have been accused of and  had to settle out of court for that abuse, a number of times.  Yes, & about to be sued  in court due to abuse, yet again. You dont think we can See you  hear you predators, but we know exactly who you are down to that stink of the sexual abuser. Even if these women shook their stuff in your office or  you know,  the janitors closet,  or even followed you two sex perverts into the  head,  unless you have a signed statement from women plus witnesses, in the eyes of the law,  No means No!
Barack Obama is one of the best presidents Donald Trump is the worst president ever look what he's doing to American
Trump says everything is bad and the worst.
President Trump is a great President. And he has been everything he campaigned about.
This viper is a nightmare that never ends trump is a virus in the governmental body of America he would be so much better had he been born without a tongue or fingers the whole world would be better off, God bless the United States of America.Amen..
Why they still call Obama president.
Obama was the better man for president, two terms and a surplus of millions of dollare, jobs, cleaning up messes in government left behind by previous the  president,  plus the love and respect of most of the people of our country, our world!  When Obama was viciously  attacked,  he never spent more then 2 mins complaining about the person. No whining from President Obama. As he repeatedly told US, "'The buck stops here!'"   Oh yeah,  he killed three of the world's enemies,  put national health insurance in place, worked for everybody  without attention to the so-called race or nationality or religion or creed of people.  Obama never got caught with his ass/face exposed (as trump-da-rump'"shithole countries'" historical statement) never once refered to himself as a "' stable genius "' because most geniuses are not stable.  Obama wears his genius quietly!  Besides all of the other presidential  achievements,  Obama worked for more then three hours per day.  Kept  US  well informed with eloquence, grace,  humor, and respect for American citizens.  Unlike trump-da-rump,,  Obama is an honorable  man.  He shows love to his family.  We will  remember The Obama Presidency as the best of times because Obama always rose to any situation  with poise, intelligence, invested knowing the facts and history,  deep knowlege and respect of the laws of our land and government,  a calm show of strength through adversity,  patience and gentleness toward our children.   Thank you President Obama, for you wonderful service!
Nothing to see here, angry white men upset they're losing their grip
You might be winner here on this earth! You might be in charge right now! But, there's one his name is Yashaya! The Judgement is coming!
Wow!!!! Trump will kill the Republican party.  Lol
Foreign born muslim traitor calling anybody unfit is totally preposterous. Furthermore why would anybody care what Obama the traitor has to say?
Obama was a Soros and Billionaire puppet. Totally controlled. Totally weak.
The ideology of shit holes Countries are everywhere in the Whole World, people just afraid to bring up.  The President is not wrong, he mention the truth. Reality, President Trump is not a smart in politic but he is a business smart.  Nothing wrong with the WORD of SHIT HOLE COUNTRIES. Not only Africa Countries are shit holes, Many Countries in Asia and around the World are also shit holes Countries as well. I support the President.    Trump   Trump     
Funny how obama talks about gold star families but lies to the American people about Benghazi now you people tell me whats worse
Well I guess now that he's president he's proven wrong again he sucks as a president he's got over 2,000 lies documented in the book Smile which I hope they make a book about all his lies and as far as Politics as long as you kiss his hand. so for you ass kissers  no more hand shakes start Kissing his hands to cuz he loves that. Emperor Trump yeah he wishes. He's probably has a mirror where he dresses up as king and idolizes himself.
Did both these guys gang rape a minor girl??
MY MAN!
I thought you why people were intelligent? Come on guys look what you have created I think you are smarter than that LOL!
I know everybody who sees this know that Trump is full of lies how can you believe anything this animal says come on people are you white people that fucking dumb really okay are you white people that fucking dumb are you just stupid what is wrong with you people yeah I said it you people! You put this nut in office you people! Now it's your turn to eliminate him kill him do what you need to do to get your country back all scenario
Did this gay ass obama ever attack that Muslim. Sewer rat that killed a milliarty man in the street of the UK.
Sooooooo painful to listen to traitor 44!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! SO rehearsed and transparently false. Tranny wife and borrowed kids. What a construct. Incredible.
I hope north korea wins.
LMFAO this PATHETIC narcissistic BUFFOON'S uneducated, defamed child's reaction shows how ignorant + incompetent this circus clown is!
Trump is god like!
God/Universe bless everybodyI want a leader with a background in science. . I wanna see these gentlemen do some equations and show scientific understanding on the level of elements to the process...god. A day when humans of a mathematical and SCIENTIFIC background ...get ahead ..and are cautious...no mad Scientist that's trigger happy. The boring types that wait for results and are part of the international space center xyz. Oh..the day when humans of science and nature are forced too take over. God bless everyone .  peace
Its not true,you are pure evil mr president. You like to be like him. Im sorry he its much better. Now is the worst president. You lies everyday.
modern news old news calendars !
Vicious attack on TRUMP from Kahn.  NAH...LET TRUMP BE TRUMP! The counter Puncher!
latinos for TRUMP !!!
President Trump is the best, Very Smart, intelligent and above all the strongest leader in the history of the U.S.A...God bless Mr. Trump & God bless America...
Trump did more in a year then Obama in eight.And  i dont mean that in the negative way.
trump is a babbling self pitying moron. Yet has no sensitivity to others in any demonstrable way. Even here he constantly interrupts the host only to ramble irrelevantly. Its like somd drunk in a bar who's dumb as shit but talks over everyone with the same repetitive point or none at all
How stupid... AINT it best if he ignored it, put then you interview him... stupid stupid stupid.. By the way let him talk! Hes the only one thats going to bring this world back the way it use to be! I support you trump!
Standing up for the right thing will get me taking a long nap.when your number up your number up is what I was told.well it was a an assatinassion attempt on me for decades.
Humiliation is the game folks.nothing more
JANUARY 20 2018
 THANK YOU ! !
MR. PRESIDENT.
       TODAY,

 WE STAND TALL 
      UNIFIED
AND BLESSED.
GOD,Watch Over
Our Country,Our Citizens,The World 
and.
Our Faithful Fellow "Common Sense" Patriot & Strategist Believers in Good. "NEVER EVER EVER GIVE UP"!
 President
DONALD J.TRUMP
 God Bless ALL!
    A fellow citizen
Obama is such a desperate libtard loser;  just like Corrupt Clinton.
Trump is a joke
We will see after He wins again. Only Pres. in history to put "AMERICA 1ST" no one else cares.
Hey Obama, who is living in the White House now? Enough said bitch!
FUCK TRUMP!!! Goddamn CLOWN !!!!!
Now when shit-faced Obama says "our country"  which country does he mean?  It's certainly not the US.
Freak
I believe you and Bill have an account with the same hooker
Your doing a. Great disservice to our Country
You don't read at all
You have the right to a golden shower too, buy you deny it happened
Trump is an Idiot
SCREW OFF OBAMA !!!!
Donald pitbull Trump,  lies coming out his shit hole. 
Really lies wishi-washi Trump.
Donald the victim it's so unfair.
Is Donald Trump even a Homo Sapien?
Obamma can't even speak without a script. Very weak indeed
If you support some of Trump then you support all of him... Hes just saying and doing what the rest of you cowards would never say or do publicly... Your silence is complicity... I like knowing who and where my enemy is so for that i respect trump...its the rest of you cowards I hope all this bs blows up in yall face to the point where you have no choice but to look at yourselves and say.   You know what. We Fucked Up.... now what?
imbecile trump, just said he reads a lot. What do you read mr trump? the comics? playboy magazine? hustler? you fuckin retard.
Shits too funny
If Hillary was the president we would be under Sharia Law cause Obama was a Muslim that didn't like the Constitution and wanted Sharia Law
well most of brown and black countries are shit holes. they are shit holes of crime, corruption, poor education and yes there is literal shit on the streets. there is disease, famine, slavery, war and warlords. Shit hole is a very accurate description of most 3world countries and Africa. When i hear shit hole of a country first thing that comes to my mind is a country like Zimbabwe or South Africa. Wise man that Trump. he should be the God Emperor of this world.
Fucking obama traitor  . Not a good shooter overthere to end him for good?
Trump is a stupid president
If ever there was a case of human crap .Its fitting they name it lowlife Donald
Obama's panty waste.....
Obama was infact the WORST PRESIDENT IN AMERICAN HISTORY
he would have to be  the second worse president, because nobody cant beat you there trumpet
Smells Russian
How SMART and what a GENIUS you are Trump! FORMER WHARTON PROFESSOR "DONALD TRUMP IS THE DUMBEST GODDAMN STUDENT I EVER HAD"
https://www.dailykos.com/stories/2017/10/12/1705902/-Former-Wharton-Professor-Donald-Trump-Is-the-Dumbest-Goddam-Student-I-Ever-Had

Professor Kelley told me 100 times over three decades that Donald Trump was the dumbest goddam student I ever had.  I remember his emphasis and inflection  it went like this  Donald Trump was the dumbest goddam student I ever had.  Dr. Kelley told me this after Trump had become a celebrity but long before he was considered a political figure.  Dr. Kelley often referred to Trumps arrogance when he told of this  that Trump came to Wharton thinking he already knew everything.
lies after lies, cover up the falling because they don't care because they took money out and investment that the problem,invest out side ,the Country for long and work their that wad the problem.
Fuck Obama and the socialist puppeteer's boat he drifted in on.
Guantonomo borak!!!!
I couldn't get through this video without puking. Just listening to that man-child trump spew liquid shit from his pie hole is enough for me to side with North Korea
Damn.
President Trump knows a lot!
Trump has no clue of what a President is and should be....He is an embarrassment to this country and a total idiot...
Shut the fuck up Donald  Trump your the  worst  president  not him  your  races  and u don't  like  black  people  at least he like  all kinds  of people
Reading these trump supporters' comments made me facepalm instantly. Go watch this https://youtu.be/JTCckccilds and comment again.
asshole lying on president Obama again.I hate his old orange ASS. shithold president.
Trump goes hard
Mr Abama the retarded idiot...:)
Obama could not do his job
Barack might say he is a Christian but where is the fruit? He talks and acts more like a Muslim and I doubt that he is a citizen of the United States. But the person who had that information wasn't allowed to bring it forth in a court of law.
Gold star families is a corny term. Speaking as a war vet....we feel bad for any families who lose a kid, especially in battle. But to make a club and give it special status is just odd especially in politics. anyone that loses a child is going thru it. Not just military.
God, I dont miss that monkey bastard and his tranny wife!! Hope the drop the fuck dead already!!!!
Trumps fucking up the game for a lot of hidden players . Each one will come to head .
Why do they keep questioning Obama ? He lined his pockets for eight years . He gave millions to Iran . Smuggling guns south of our border .  Benghazi. Uranium one .
Obama is a bag of shit.
Mr.President USA Donald John Trump Super.
Obama was a piece of shit as a leader
THANK G-D WE FINALLY GOT RID OF THIS LYING, BACK-STABBING, CHEATING, TWO-FACED, MUSLIM LOVING, FAGGOT, NIGGA FRAUD !!!  THAT BASTARD IS, WITHOUT ANY DOUBT, THE WORST PRESIDENT IN THE ENTIRE HISTORY OF THE USA !!!
Rubbush OBAMA. ....
Go trump!
this is one evil man child.
Why is obama even doing this hes OUT
You didnt care about anything but muslims,stealing murderer the men in Benghazi .You tell that moronic narcissistic person
Trump is an idiot. He owes the Jews and Russians billions of Dollars who bailed him out. Trump is a scam artist.   He is selling America out. Pathetic filthy liar!!!
Sounds like Obozo is describing himself. Worst president hands down. Makes Carter look like Honest Abe.
OBAMA....THE WORST PRESIDENT IN US HISTORY. The worst!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Dishonest con man. Clinton would have been worse.
trump is one orange ugly man horrible.
Donald Trump continue be the person you are. In Portuguese we saying ' The dogs barking  but the caravan keep going'...
Send omamahahaha to Guantonomo!!!
Now as you watch this video you get the sense he set the media up to disqualify Trump from the role.... Payback will be horrible for Nobummer... 2 million real jobs, drop in the deficit, rolling back regulations, the tax cuts...it goes on and on the winning is incredible. God bless Trump for blessing America with his genius.
Looks like one of them "what comes around goes around" or "he who laughs first does not get last laugh"  life 
learning lessons.  As one side decided to roast the other in audience at his expense, looks like the guy in
audience already knew a life learning experience.  "NEVER UNDER ESTIMATE YOUR OPPONENT!!!"  President Trump did
his homework, and got his message out, even when the deck was heavily stacked against him. That man, my now 
President never gave up and showed America what nobody else in this country ever had the balls to do, not only 
tell Clinton off and what she really is all about, but said it strait to her face. If I were ever confronted or alleged like that, I would  swiftly respond to the nature of what was just said. UNLESS IT'S TRUE!!! NEVER UNDER ESTIMATE YOUR OPPONENT 
trump is evil ugly old ass.
what a true ASSHOLE Trump is.
President Trump, he doesn't have to justify . ignore them. We have to. Because he is truely doing so well.
Im in 2018 and Obama was right about Donald Trump
You're fat
Obama you turned out to be a useless P.O.S. of a president, good ridence!
Love Mr Trump I knew from the day he announced  that he was running he was going to become the next president of the United States. God bless America.,Mr Trump and family. This is from a freedom loving  Cuban american .
Fox News you pile of shite
dyko trump and you are pathetic , if you look closely you can see oriley laughing at trumpf. cuz hes stupid enough to call out mr and mrs kahn. listen to orileys voice hes laughing at trump cuz trump is pathetic. then oriley rags on the dummie who claims to understand things ...now bannon unloads on the stupid asshole and tells what a whiner trump is. maga you fuggin idiot
Obama the fool...
God bless president Donald trump
the strongest leader......amazing PRESIDENT TRUMP
Go Trump x 100000000000000000000
million...!!!
##Finally a real President!!!
##Not a superfake obamahaha style bs President!!!!
oriley is trumps lapdog. too bad he got humiliated and throw in the trsh bucket for life. maybe sinclair will pick him up.he will have a whole bunch of women to harrass. there both proven perverts
Lmmfao Obama is the definition of liberal nonsense is the new special needs
F trump
And now Trump is the President and doing a fantastic job for Americans and the rest of the world.Champion Mr. Trump.
Obama is a total  loser and an idiot - worse president ever - not even an American .Hussein Obama -
TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP!!!!!!!
There he goes acting again! Touching! He didn't even call General Kelly and his wife when they lost their only son in Afghanistan in 2010, they are a four star family. Let me guess why Obama didn't bother to make the call because: 

1.  He forgot
2.  He didn't have the time
3.  He couldn't find the phone
4.  He couldn't remember the young Marines name
5.  His golf game was more important.
6.  He could have cared less!
The government should raise my kids because they put my baby daddys in prison. Blacks murdering other blacks shouldnt even be a crime. Same with killing your children.  Thats our business not the governments right?
I know that this may be hard to believe but the reason every liberal person thinks Trump lies is just so used to hearing lie after lie from the government that the truths that now President Trump speaks seem like lies. People don't want the truth they want reassurance because the truth hurts sometimes. The great thing is truthfully caring about people and telling the truth makes the people who have benefited of the our people are mad. Trump doesn't want to get rich off us or the presidential office....He is rich monetarily and morally . MAGA
Obama was on the side of terrorist during the Benghazi ordeal.  He helped them.  Trump would  make a better leader, even if he slept throughout his whole entire presidency.
Found out that gold star family was paid huge money to lie their aholes off.
Trump will always be deluded.
Obama sit down!!!!
The Bar.t.r.s are all deliberately scrambling the head of Potus
Oh now the New York Times CNN news is dishonest US embassies dishonest Newsweek is dishonest the whole world is, is dishonest, in Trump's mind if you're not kissing his ass and praising him you're being dishonest I've never heard of a crybaby like this man everybody's being mean to him. boohoo what a disgusting human being.
trump is a old ugly bitch with small wrinkle old hands. he can't stop talking about President Obama he is so jealous of him.old orange racist asshole.
Bill O'Reilly asks President Trump, "Couldn't you just have IGNORED Obama's attacks?" Well Bill, COULD YOU? YOU brought it up? Couldn't you have ignored it? Yet, you DIDN'T! I think President Trump did JUST FINE, because he proves that he's not a WEENIE, and that he WILL fight back against ANYONE who attacks him AND DESERVES to be counter attacked.

Secondly, those muslims who lost their son in the war, WHAT ABOUT ALL OF THE NON-MUSLIM SOLDIERS WHO'VE DIED FIGHTING AGAINST THE MUSLIM IDEOLOGY? DO THEY THINK THAT THEY'RE THE ONLY ONE'S WHO'VE LOST A CHILD IN THE WAR? MY WAR IS AGAINST SOCIALISM/LIBERALISM/DEMOCRATS, BECAUSE I HAVE LOST TWO CHILDREN IN THEIR BACKWARD COURT SYSTEM WHO REWARD CHEATING WIVES WITH CHILD CUSTODY! TWO CHILDREN THAT I'LL NEVER SEE AGAIN, BECAUSE THEY'VE BEEN BRAINWASHED BY THEIR WHORING MOTHERS WHO DON'T LIKE DADY, BECAUSE HE DIDN'T "TOLERATE" THEIR BEING UNFAITHFUL! SO, ANYTIME I HEAR A LIBTURD OPEN THEIR MOUTH, SPEAKING ABOUT HOW THEIR WAYS ARE RIGHT, I WANNA STUFF MY FIST THROUGH THEIR MOUTH AND OUT THE  BACK OF THEIR THROAT! TRUMP IS MY PRESIDENT, SO GO KICK ROCKS OHOMO, HITLARY AND THE REST OF YOU BACKWARD LYING PIECES OF GARBAGE. GOOD RIDDANCE TO HITLARY!
donalt trump giving rebuttal to Obama is like an orangutang giving rebuttal to Stephen hawking.. 
disclaimer: No disrespect to orangutangs
Trump only care about money, so the ones that are on his ass, he does not know you, he wont help you, so keep being on his ass he going to shit on you, and trust me I will laugh
You really thing that Trump , knows what he doing. Do you really feel he for the people wake the hell up he going to kill us all
Love  President  Trump.. He speaks the truth  :)
Trump exposed the media as an organ of the left. No one will ever believe the press again.
what a fool in dire need of urgent treatment ,,,,,.....
Trump is a self absorbed idiot.
THE MOVIE STAR CHEETAH JUST NOT IN THE SAME LEAQUE. HE'S A MORON GO PRESIDENT TRUMP.
It's so sad that there are people who don't recognize everything he is saying is a LIE! He didn't even know Crimea had been overtaken by Russia during his campaign. YOU NEED to KNOW WHAT YOU ARE VOTING FOR!
Trump is right again!  Bill OReilley did need a psychiatrist.
He should have had One and maybe still be on the air.
Donald trump you are a lying fool that doesn't know what the fuck you are doing in foreign policy but you don't care because you only want to grossly misrepresent other people's successes to boost your own obvious failures. You're only agenda is to pad your ego and your pockets while fucking over the American people. Stop name calling and throwing out immature insults. If you truly believe your lies then prove it through your actions not by reiterating more blatant lies. YOU SUCK and you are our worst imminent threar
strong leader trump
Please! you're well on your way, You're The Liar & Putin's little puppet
Khan doesn't wipe his dirty ass crack.
After the fact, he is one tough cookie.  No matter what happened, he kept going and if this does not inspire one, I can't imagine anything else will.
Borak bin laden was never our President!!!
Has Trump ever commented who he thinks was worse out of Bush and Obama? During Bushs era, he called him the worst president ever, now he does it with Obama..
Obama says he's unprepared I say he's coming in with a fresh set of eyes and gets shit done.
Nice try Obubba..... looks like your legacy (abomination) is to be destroyed? This country (many of us Americans) agree that Obubba is likely the worst President in the history of the US. The goldster family was nothing but a liberal smear on conservative beliefs, a script written by the clinton criminal campaign. Therefore, attack them back! Screw them!
lock up this traitor pos...
Is the worst ever what a scum bag
President Trump is absolutely right...Obama is The worst & the  weakest President in the history of the U.S. As I am Eritrean Citizen  always say that Mr. Trump is the  strongest leader in the World...I hope we need his strong policies to solve our political & economic problems in Eritrea. Long live Mr. Trump...
WHAT A FUCKING LIAR. , YOU FAKE US PRESIDENT ....
WHERE THE FUCK IS YOUR BIRTH CERTIFICATE.....
YOU ARE A FUCKING LIAR AND CHEAT OBAMA ....!!
The problem is you get along with Russia, just a tad too much.
This tool blocked 90 yr old WW2 veterans in wheelchairs from seeing their memorial  in DC. You, Barry, then allowed illegal immigrants to protest on the Mall about ignoring our immigration laws.  You are a national disgrace.
Get on with Russia ?? why, because they helped you get in power ??
This funny pouting faced faggot of a man named Trump is damn near unbearable to listen too!....He looks like fuking Chucky and I really pray to God EVERY night that he dies in his sleep or his plane crashes. That would make me a VERY happy person!....And for those that will say, "You should never wish harm or death to anyone", I say FUK YOU and you can board that same plane if you would like!....FUK TRUMP AND ANYONE THAT LIKES THIS PIECE OF SHIT ASS RACIST CHILD!!!!
Barry Boraks was the worst pretend President of all time..
###Never our President Borak!!!
That's why don't elect a black president
In hindsight Trump is a dumb fuck!
Notice how O'butthead had yellow flags interlaces with American flags, as opposed to an American President who only shows American Flags. Go on Mr. President, you are the Epitome of Leadership. Love my President Trump!!!
Fox news is fake just like Donald Trump is fake. That interview back then sure proves a point at present time. Trump supporters keep drinking and orange Kool-Aid
Trumps comeback was literally "he's the worst president ever." WHAT PRESIDENT/LEADER TALKS LIKE THAT. 

the fucking melting creamsicle, that's who.
All hail the toddler in chief Trump! - a travesty for the USA
Look at Dumbo here with the big ass ears... he's is the worst President in HISTORY........ and he  should shut his big mouth .. he's embarrassing himself ... the idiot
1 year later and now we see how fucked up Trump is!
President Trump is the GREATEST 
fuck that big ears Obama
Fuck Trump
This guy has the vocabulary of a child  BE HONEST YOU GUYS HATE OBAMA DUE TO HIS SKIN COLOR BECAUSE HE WAS A WAY BETTER PRESIDENT THAN THIS MORON LOL
He's doing brilliantly.
The first speaker sounded intelligent and reasonable....the second speaker had no facts, evidence and thinks POTUS Obama, Nobel Laureate did a terrible job? How?? Obama saved the economy, saved lives by not sending troops needlessly to the Middle East quagmire, saved Detroit car makers and Americans their homes?? Only a fool would support Trump the traitor , loathsome buffoon, and conman!
Even O'Reilly is getting impatient with Trump's continuous ranting hahahahaha
American spy,
I agree with you...
America.... One big ass mistake.
She totally is.
O'bongo was such a boring speaker, good riddance. I don't believe he was the #worstpresidentever, he was a dictator, not a president.
in one year we have more people working less on food stampe a thriving economy and and stock market also stronger country  better respect from other countries WHAT YOU GOT TO SAY NOW OBAMANATION  one year on year  WOOOW  go trump go trump USA USA USA
Why is Trump eternally angry??
"I think he's the worst president maybe in the history of our country, he's been a disaster he's been weak..." 
Trump is the man
FUCK TRUMP - HOPE HE GETS CANCER.
Obama has made many protective and amazing laws to protect the environment. If Trump did not start taking down the laws, I would have respected him. Now whenever I look at his face I feel like Im looking a childish joke. My opinion
Every subject he automatically ad's gossip to make Dramafried BS and this my friends is a sign of a pathological liar and I don't Hate Trump I just know when and how people talk and bend truths so this comes from a person that barters with businesses mostly those who build with other people's money.
you that voted for Trump will have to deal with your children going to WAR because of this idiot 45. Your children will be going to war, keep your eyes open. As far as taxes, middle class will pay more. This guy is going to make America LESS AGAIN, it has already happened.
trump is a trash ashole
Fuck that you touch them women
10k likes 10k dislikes wow
"Let me focus you back"..stupid unfocused president. He's raping America...for the gain of himself and family..tsk tsk tsk
I just want to say one thing DONALD TRUMP IS THE BEST MAN & THE BEST LEADER i HAVE EVER SEEN . THE DEMACAT NEED TO CHANG BIG TIME.THANK GOD FOR PRESDENT DONALD TRUMP.
The Bible says to rebuke will all authority, and President Trump has full authority with Heaven backing President Trump as God backed Elijah and Enoch.
Fake News shall be destroyed totally soon.
Obama has damaged America and now the true God is mocking the disbarred attorney who has a special place in Hell to torment Obama for all the wickedness that Obama is still doing.
The disbarred attorney Obama is the worst President in United States history lying to the America people over and over!
Arrest the disbarred attorney for creating ISIS and the many fraudulent activities like Obamas lies about Benghazi.
CORRECT YOUR HEADLINE, ar$eholes
That crack addict is not President. He is "used to be President"
And its President Trump AS HE IS PRESIDENT
no matter what any body says  there is no way to justify trump! all he is is a populist! for you trump supporters google it.its the blind leading the blind!!!know  who else was a  populist ?hitler im not saying trump is hitler but if this was 1943 germany we'd be screwed!!!!!
REPLY
Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump two of the biggest embarrassments to our Country. Right now we were better off not having a President
Trump did everything exactly right, and handed Hillary the biggest political ass beating in history.
I like Mr. President Donald Trump.
Obama. was the wherst bar nun
Former President Obama damn near destroyed America along with his corrupt Chicago cronies. He was wrong about everything from Brexit to the worst economic recovery since 1949! How could American voters made such a bad decision!
obumer what did you know...nothing kfc community worker/organiser, you're a chump
We are so lucky to have Trump.
To talk about president Obama and mention him,have to wash your fucken mouth mother f..rs.
trump would leave obumer at the starting post
Obama is terrible. Not a man of his word at all. Fact check people. TRUMP 2020.
Look at what Obama did with ISIS. He armed and funded them.
TRUMP RENAISSANCE!
obama was a joke as president. Sold the USA out on every fucking level. Never ran or did anything prior to getting elected president because of the color of his skin. Now that he has destroyed the DNC, the clintons ( who helped destroy themselves) obama the total loser shows his true colors as a classless motherfucker by going around talking shit about a true American like TRUMP who finally has got the taxpayers back and America First policy. I didn't think obama could make himself look any worse, but hey, he has proven me wrong! Every time he talks shit about TRUMP in the USA or abroad it is done to divert attention away from his TOTAL FAILURE as president. Obama is a kotex and a douchebag!!
LOVE YOU TRUMP!!!!!!!!
This is the most lying @ moron in the world-ever!
The orange man can't read or spell.
cant even speak the grub fuck off obumaces suffer in yr jocks lol go trump
Trump - the best of ALL time. Trump - 2020.
Shut the fuk up
Trump is a piece of shit and are all u bitches who  voted keep sucking dick bitches
obama should be charged with sedition and treason. the dnc is activly trying to subvert trumps legitimate presidency because they just cant get over hillaries loss
Does anybody actually take anything that lop-eared mistake of an ex-president has to say he is a worthless has been and his legacy has faded two black in less than a year.
Well no one is perfect look at the lies but always people against the President is everything  he say ,the way he talk, they say he not a politian, every abused is counted ,and insulted, disrespect him but look what he's trying is started to dawn  the dark shadow moving slowly and we can see one ray of the Sun started to shine 
Amen
Fuck obama
We can ever bet the person who has the real education... That is Barack Obama
Prison for Obama. He committed fraud, theft and Treason, why is he still running around besides the fact that the elites want him out to cover up their crimes.
He looked like a small boy about to cry, because he was been reprimanded. Trump has no class
I wou
trump is undeserving of  the title "president" he is just going to keep destroying us piece by piece. gauranteed
Hell Obama your so stupid president Trump is a very wise and smart man look at American after we kick your butt out your a disgrace to American white people get out and stay out. ..
President Trump great president and smart not on drugs Obama disgrace his self and lost any dingty to. ...
What he do Obama get off your drugs and leave the president alone go into rehab get off your drop from Mexico. ..
This is most stupid mother fucker ever. He criticizes Obama because Russia took over Crimea then turns around and thinks it would be a great thing to be a friend to Russia .You can't make this shit up .
always solid and clear about what he thinks.., no doubs..GOOD sent him to fence al those bad people behind the WALL...
You might be a idiot if you can listen to President Trump and not realize he sounds like a idiot.
If anyone believe what the weaselObama say THEY NEED A TOTAL HEAD TRANSPLANT.Obama is the biggest fake and shame ever to happen to America. HisNAME is a fake, his BIRTH CERTIFICAT is fake. Obama has been working to destroy Americasince he became president. He lifted his hand in oath, while he was selling of America together with Hillary.Obama is apsychopath. deeply involved in demonical actions. How can so many Americans be dumbed down so they believe all the lies from Obamas mouth. Luckely most Americans are healthy, hard working, honest, intelligent people .....that is why they choose Trump for president.
Obama has NO RIGHT to criticize anyone else, after what he said to the Pearl Harbor Survivors on the 75th Anniversary! He said, "Get over it". That is NOT how you observe any such anniversary!
Hahahaa his mad face...looks like a kid without candy hahahaha
I agree Obama worse thing that ever happen to this country and if Hillary got in there omg think about what would happened and I wouldn't  pay attention to those idiots they are jealous mr president you are so much better than Obama could ever imagine he could be the country loves u and so proud of our president very smart man and very amazing family    Obama going to get what he deserve!!!!  Obama should be in jail
Nigga Bama, the gay, inexperienced, African born, Anti-American Muzzie puppet, was the disease of America that brought President Trump to running and winning.
trump was sucking clinton's dick until the election came around ofc
Trump is a thug.
Trump he's a joke. This dude needs to b impeached quickly him and his supporters. Their weird. crazy. racist. Deranged as well. Miss the simple day's George Bush Clinton and Obama.
attack gold star family? he and Hillary call those Benghazi fallen seals family liars.
BO was the most corrupt president we ever had and anti-American. He wasn't even an American citizen. BO should be considered a national security risk. Why doesn't the DOJ and the FBI have him arrested for treason?
Trump you're a pathetic human being.
Just give Trump a pacifier.. TRUMP your are the most dishonest and the worst president in the history of the U.S
For some reason the thought of being Samantha Stephens from the TV show "Bewitched" popped into my head. I would twinkle my nose and create a "thing" to fill and muffle djt's PIE HOLE!
Obama is the worst president in History of the United States Trump needs to take History class lol. There were worse
Obama needs to sail the seven seas without a boat. He could never be the man let alone president that president Trump is. For the record, the only gold star family obama spoke up for is muslim, and know to have connections with the muslim brotherhood. ???
lol. looking at these comments is hilarious. these people know that they're idiots trying to justify trump.
Trump is an absolute fkn Moron
Ok Muslim Obama. You ruined this country. You ugly Muslim.
Russias little boy

I was a lifelong blue-collar Dem, but after the first four yrs of Obama I bailed on the deranged fools. The GOP isn't exactly innocent ether, although not as bad. Some have sold out our once great nation and are DNC bedfellows. Losers like John McCain and Jeff Flake of AZ need to be rooted out and delt with appropriately. In all reality president Trump is very independant and that is one of the reasons that my family and I love the man, and he don't take anyv crap and is not bought & paid for by anybody.
Thanks for once again allowing [   ] to stick his foot in his mouth.
Bill OReilly is a fucking idiot and trump is a bigger fucking idiot. Fuck you both
Bill you are ignorant ass
trump promised you he would keep us out of wars and bring our troops home. He just INCREASED the number of troops sent to Afghanistan. Hahahahahahahaaaa. He's going to get your kids and grandkids KILLED!
NARCISSIST AND POUTING BABY!
We are with you, Mr President Donald J Trump  Everything you saying and do is % right. Keep strong we are like a family and you are the Father of this nation. The best ever!  You are our only Hope!
trump ( daffy duck ) is a total nut case. he is so jealous of President Obama, he can't stand himself. He wants to be just like President Obama except with a white face.  Baaaahahaha.
at around 1:40 Trump tries to divert attention towards Obama when he had nothing to do with the Annexation of Crimea. Maybe if Obama Intervened with the behavior that Trump carries towards Kim Kong of NK. Maybe there'd be tensions between them today on a military level. Duhh! DUmb Trump
at around 1:40 Trump tries to divert attention towards Obama when he had nothing to do with the Annexation of Crimea. Maybe if Obama Intervened with the behavior that Trump carries towards Kim Kong of NK. Maybe there'd be tensions between them today on a military level. Duhh! DUmb Trump
chartels, it's not funny. It's disturbing behavior of a guy that can control military: Avoid criticism, just bomb the fuckers
at around 1:40 Trump tries to make it look like the Annexation of Crimea is Obama's fault because he didn't intervene. Maybe if he would have Mr.Trump, we'd have what you have now between you and North Korea you fucking idiot. Just a pure idiot far right winger just like Alex Jones.
get outta town, Barry.....
Obama could never stand in Trumps shoes. Obama is weak and corrupted.
TRUMP...Again with the ratings ...he is obsessed with ratings, except his own. 34 % approval rating.  Obama's was 59% when he left office.  You do the math.
Fuck u left-wing lames. In the end you  will all see how wrong you've been. Wake up
The TrumpTurd will be in an orange jumpsuit and handcuffs soon enough!  (-:
TRUMP hasn't done shit since taking office except make himself richer by screwing tax payers.
hahahahahaha everyone is bad - except this brainless moron TRUMP THE SKUNK
What a moron, Donald is!  Sorry ass mf!
O'Reilly doesn't  understand that  these bias news outlets need to be called out for what they are
I was viciously attacked, I was viciously attacked, I was viciously attacked, I was viciously attacke.. CRY SOME MORE YOU BULLY. YOU GO AFTER EVERYONE AND ATTACK EEVRYONE, EVERYONE IS A FAKE NEWS, EVERYONE IS THE WORST.. ONLY YOU ARE GOOD. YOU, YOU, YOU, YOU, YOU... EVERYONE LET'S KEEP PRAISING THIS CRY BABY LIER, HE NEEDS IT EVERY MINUTE OF EVERY HOUR OF EVERY DAY OF EVERY WEEK OF EVERY MONTH OF EVERY YEAR... EVEN THEN HE NEEDS MORE... HE CAN NOT GET RID OF THE LOOSER THAT'S INSIDE OF HIM.

Trump is a fuckin disaster
B.O. was/is such a lying sack of shit.......the most troubling part though is how many simpletons suck it up. B.O. was the worst President in US history, D.J.T. will go down as the greatest. In his first year he's accomplished more for his people than B.O. did in 8! In fairness though, B.O. never accomplished anything, nothing good anyway. His greatest "accomplishment" was burying Americans under a mountain of debt for generations to come more than every other President combined!! What an achievement!!! How can any American stand the sight of this piece of filth!?!?!? GO DON! MAGA!!
OMG Donald Trump's is a joke and his supporters talk exactly like him, ppl leave them alone u can't talk or debate them they are control by this man it's sad
Trump  says he knows more about foreign policy than anyone . this is the asshole that said he didn't know there was so many countries in the world . He says he reads a lot but he thinks Frederick  Douglas is still alive that Andrew Jackson was against the civil war .
No one wants to listen to an outsider!!! I am actually ecstatic with the recent developments ... Proving an outsider right... I was proud to witness our first black president... I loved listening to him... But, behind the scenes others were at play and we got sucked into smooth words... As much as it may offend, I m glad we have an outspoken president now... The truth hurts but at the same time it can be liberating... Keep up the good work!! MAGA!!!!
the world worst man
!949...The decoy era?
It's straight out painful to watch this embarrassment of a 'president'. There's no words to describe how sorry I am for the thinking half of the Am. population..
Hey Republicans, BOOOO Hooooo!
Happy Nobama bin laden day to all...!!
Every day is a great day now after the most incompetent period under obamahahaha!!!!!
What, all Obama all he does is insult Donald trump I love Donald Trump let me tell you Obama the worst president we've ever Hillary their liar just like Obama theif Obama go away you fk theif lair trying to devide our country he's does nothing for the county please leave go back where you co e from where ever that is Please u make me sick Obama and Hillary trash
Trump is a fucking price of shit he doesn't know shit because he thinks he fuckin knows everything but he doesn't know shit if he knew anything he would know to not make war with north korea and obama was a great president and trump if a fucking bastard
Grumpy old man. Trump is a joke. 
O-bla-bla is over, over there in the little house crying himself to sleep.
I still don't understand why it'd be bad to get along with Russia. It would be immensely helpful to have another powerful country on our side, so long as we don't get too cozy.
I think that Trump is so full of shit that poor Mike Pence has to stand by him every time and smell his shitty ideas. Then, when Trump is totally out of control more shit drops in Trumps diaper. Mike Pence then has to change his shitty diaper and put a huge new one on Trumps old wrinkly ass. What a sham!!
Haha Obamas kool aid drinking cult members are so moronic. Now the democratic party is going down about a year later are satanic pediphiles,muslim sympathizers and if you havent woke up yet to the hard truth then ur a lost cause! #DaddyTrump thank God for you!!!
Question: What is the difference between Obama, and a piece of shit?
may be she had the potential to be even worts
Go Trump x 10000000000000000
million!!!
so glad obama is dead
Trump will never be the man Obama is
We have a real President that loves  his country and is putting America 1st , not like that piece of shit before Trump and y'all all know who that is..!!!
Donald Trump will change political insight. The President will reinstate realpolitik to modern usage.
all he can do is shout insults like a child.. still in shock that this is what occupies the white house..
Pres Trump, I'm with you all the way. Obama is still trying to take our country down.
Obama needs to be locked up now!
Obama is not our President
Stop talking about obama plz du your job  mr obama as did hes job
This man is dilussional. He actually believes what he says.
your the biggest liar of them ya orange baboon and the worst ever president and it hasnt been a year
donald trump!! we the people know you won the worst President award!!!
obama will always make trump look like a paper boy!!!
The DONALD -- DRAFT DODGER IN CHIEF is by far the ABSOLUTE WORST PRESIDENT THIS NATION HAS EVER OR WILL EVER HAVE IN OUR WHITE HOUSE! He is a very sick, mental patient, liar, racist BASTARD that ever stepped across the thresh hold of the White House!
no one care about stupid obama. fuck obama. DONALD TRUMP DONALD TRUMP
two big fools O'Reilly and Trump are discussing some very important issue.
wao he can not be more stupid
Nothing would make me happier than a bullet to your forehead.
you're the best and the best sir no 2 words. Bless you millions
2.5 million hits
Obama likes to shove c**ks up his ass.
That was not an attack, that was just the lay of the land, wow what bollocks Trump and Fox are..
Trump train rolli'n
Fuck you! Your continuous wars and drone killings and expansion of wars under your administration make you a total loser. Warmonger that makes profit on killing innocent people with brown skin! We thought you were going to be a great president....but you lack moral values. Total whore to the middle and lower classes. So glad you are very rich now.
Bus fare went up, taxes are going up, and gasoline prices going up, issurance premiums going up. So, those who thought he would put more money in your wallet, good luck. Only the rich get richer, and the poorer get poorer with this gover.
trump can't read.
look how stupid both these assholes are
I heard Trump hasnt been doin so well and, hes under investigation..Obamas never been under investigation 
You know why Obama cutting president down he cleaning up Obama and democrats dirty mess, we be lucky if we all don't get kill. ..
My President Donald Trump goes for the jugular. Ahahaha
Donald TrumP is the weakest president in the history of the world! LOSER! F*CK Donald TrumP!
Every time trump talks I laugh
Trump just cannot accept that a black man is 1000 times more intelligent than him.
You are talking about Russia, have guts go after Russia, they will cut bottom where you can not sit on it.
he hasn't even implemented the sanctions on Russia theyre doing far worse now. Hack us and he speaks about lying everything hes ever said is a lie
Thank God two jackasses can not mate.
remember people, this is the person (ODUMBASS) that told a World War II Soldier to   
"get over it"  
he (Obama) may fool some of the American people!!
but he (Obama) will NEVER fool all of the American people!
Its like he's fuckin 6 years old......wah..wahh
What an a$$! I mean 2 of them.
Trump has already bombed the shit out ISIS! He does what he said, The Winner!
what an ass...so uninformed..worst president ever ....time for justice
twat
It call alzheimer's
Your response  sometime as nothing to do with the question
President Trump listen to your response when a reporter ask you a question
Second gold star family  batting 1000
At 10 seconds into the videodisrespectfulbill offeredDonald Trump the oppertunity to reply to the President. The lack of respect has no end or boarders. You were just speaking to the President of the United States (Presidint Donald Trump) and offered him the oppertunity to speak to who most still refer to as the president; the former United States greatest political fraud. Don't worry President Trump you are not alone, God placed you in office for the good of His kingdom and His people. Please don't let these demons get the best of you, the only true God of the Holy Bilbe says that your office has been established by Him. You seek Him first and His righteousness, ask Him for His wisdom and He will order your steps. God has given you a direct hotline to Him; Jeremiah 33:3 says "Call unto me, and I will answer thee, and show thee great and mighty things, which thou knowest not."(King James Version) God bless His followers, and the United State.
Sticks and stones ,kid in a play ground get off your soap box and DO YOUR JOB TRUMP or step down.....
Oh-bummer wishes he was half the man Trump is...and he wishes he was 1/8th as smart
Donald Trump has DSL
The previous squatter in Our white house  needs to go lay by his dish. Even better held for Treason against Our country.
obama you are a sad,mean person not a man, who isnt american. you sir being a lier, a theif, have lied to me an american. you are a very small man with no heart...you divide are goverment
.you divide color when we are all equal... president TRUMP IS THE CHOSEN PRESIDENT BY THE PEOPLE...YOUR CRIMES, YOUR DEEDS ARE NO MORE THAN a crook, a bottomfeeder..you and the clintons need to go where you earned prision.....
Trumps such a stupid ignorant ass
Two disgusting people.
Trump lies every day undeniably
Did you know Trump wears Depends? It's because he's so full of shit.
Oh look, it's the Bozos
Bill O "Let me refocus you back". This president is a complete moron. Goes on and on and off topic. WTF
Trump is doing a great job with the economy, taking out isis, and would've already done a lot more if the Democrats and Rhino Republicans would stop attacking him at every turn. Oh and pulling America out of the Paris Climate accords didn't hurt the climate and saved America billions if not trillions.P.S the multi colored emojis symbolize the people of many different skin colors who despite what most of the media will tell you actually do like Trump
You stupid ass americans voted for this POS! Hear him speak is like shittin on the toilet! Shame on you fucking Trump supporters/ voters! Impeach this lying PIG!
It is such a pity watching trump. How could anyone with sense support this clown?
Donald,
You are officially the Jackass of the century!
no , you are the worse . love your tv show , you are very entretaining ( same as a clown ) . you are no longer on tv , if you did not want the job , you should not have taken it .
What a pair of Dotards
.
Does Trump practice looking mean?  He think that is strength.
I dont believe that 10k ppl downvoted this... youtube bots at work again
Trump is a complete shit! Flush him down the toilet!
That boy mad
I wish this Trump will die early
I wish Trump will early
Trumps a piece of poop...ugly too.'
Whiney little pussy.
Trump you wish to be smart enough to bet President Obama you don't even know how to talk to late for your old butt , give it a rest you look worse by the minute!!!  stupid ass
The thumbnail Said it all.
All of you who are supporting and backing this dumb ass muthaf*** we have in office now, are a bunch of racist IDIOTS!!!! Believe it or not,  Pres. Obama had it all figured out. We were on the right track until this mess!!!!
tRump is the biggest crybaby on the planet, and his idiot supporters call US snowflakes?!? BWUAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAAAA!!!
U can erased Obama legacy but he will forever b our hero
I love Trump
dumb republicans voted for this idiot. he is such a dumb guy
Every time TRUMP talks, if it's against him, there RATINGS ARE low. WTF ARE talking about. The retard bill asked the bigger retard a simple question, none of which TRUMPS stupid was answered. He is the biggest LIAR IN history. 2 SEX PREDATORS talking about that wasn't a lie, lying about it. Bill is a monster with LIES, and TRUMP IS nothing but a lie. Amazing it's 9 months and some days into his presidency, HE HASN'T accomplished shit, and he says OBAMA is the worst president in history. Talked about Obama playing golf and signing e orders, TRUMP HAS went to his resorts in his 9 months of president more then all 8 years of OBAMA playing golf. He has signed more e orders that do absolutely no justice for the American ppl in 9 months then obama did in 8 years. Obama has made alot happen during his first hundred days thru legislative assembly and TRUMP not 1 single thing. The hypocrite of all time. God we made the biggest mistake.
god bless president Donald trump, and punish the wicked man.
Trump is the biggest piece of shit on the planet
Trump needs to go back to school,, poor unprofessional English he used unpresidencial ever..
Hes mean face
In hindsight and retrospect this liars bullshit rhetoric hasn't changed uneducated moron
STUPIDITY
C'mon can't you see this Pres is Fakest of them all . Obama was a True  leader who did a good things during his presidency .
Obama you are a lying POS
Obama Rama Ding Dong
talk about a racist obama you are sicking....
D person who needs dat is President of Virgin Island
Obama just loved to manipulate (and ultimately destroy) our public with a conniving pseudo sympathy for those deemed innocent and defenseless. It's a very powerful socialist rhetoric.
What a completely uninformed MORON, I hope he gets removed soon before he does any more damage..
This man! OMG! But Obama may be the worst Prez ever! The dumbest fuck ever and lets see what the history books say about this Orangutan!
Trumps an idiot
lol one womanising halfwitt, interviewing the womanising president halfwitt..=fox halfwitts
S-Shut the fuck up, Donald.
10,000th dislike,
Thank god we Have Trump now!
Perfect example of always being on the offensive
Two assholes,shooting the shit.
How insane and dishonest can a person be?  Trump refuses to ever take responsibility for anything, until he is taking responsibility for something positive that he had nothing to do with.  I think he needs a serious psychological evaluation, because he almost certainly has narcissistic personality disorder, and probably has some other problems.
Now we know that beyond a shadow of a doubt . Donald Trump is a lying , cheating , conning , morally bankrupt , Fucking Moron.  I would'nt go that far as far as his supporters . They are just Fucking Morons .
Obama? Sick to death of hearing that name!!! Worst president in history. Almost destroyed our country and is still trying. Why isn't he in prison for treason?
that is some TOUGH reporting there....
The donald is by far the worst president in history. President Obama was a much better president than that clown. Its time to impeach this clown.
Pouty face, LMAO.
BABIES COME FROM STORKS
HOW DOES THIS WORK AGAIN???????????????????????????????????
JUST KILL THE ILLEGITIMATE MOTHER CUNT WHOA MEN
CHILDREN SHOULD NEVER BE FORE! PROPHET
IS HE MY PRO PHET?
WHO KNEW THE SCRIPT?
SOCIAL PUBLIC AND FAMILY **SERVE ISIS **
i THINK IT'S CALLED A *********CULT*********
HERE HERE
THE FACT THAT HE IS "ETHICAL"???????????????????????????????
Close off the borders and let us absorb all the immigrants we have been letting in. Appreciate the working man or woman. Quit treating them like they are nothing and let labor rates rise naturally. Believe me if borders close labor will rise.
Dont worry about the Germans they will handle the muslems with qualified force. They were doing that in the 89
The best sign that you are making the swamp nervous makes me more confident you are doing the right thing. Thank you Pres. Trump for being the best president we have ever had.
Obama You disrespected Mrs Vaughn she asked you not to have the media when his body came home you ignored it
Fuck off trump obama was a great president.Now im embarrassed to be american becuase you ugly fat fuck are president.
Obama full of shit
Obama is a disgrace and was a disaster as president - many here in Europe haven't quite understood it yet, but the world wouldn't have survived another weak regressive democrat like Obama in the White House again. Not a huge fan of Trump, but compared to Obama and Hillary most politicians with a little conservative bone in them will do better:)
THANK YOU PRESIDENT TRUMP, YOU HAVE NOW ERASED 8 YEARS OF OBAMA'S LIES AND CORRUPTION, THE BLACK SLIME HAS BEEN REMOVED, HAPPY DAYS ARE HERE AGAIN. LIBERALS WIMPS WILL CRY FOR YEARS. OBAMA HANG ON TO THAT LITTLE BLACK TURD IN YOU HAND, IT IS YOUR LEGACY. ALL YOU BUTTERCUPS, 7 MORE GLORIOUS YEARS.
Men who play with guns and bombs can expect to possibly get hurt.  Are we to think that when someone gets hurt or killed while wearing a usa emblem that it is always for a just cause?  The Creator makes it possible for us all to die when we take on dangerous jobs or do extreme sports.   The politics in this country of selfish war mongers is nothing more than a whores game.  If the Florida Representative were so concerned about the widow,  she would have kept it quiet and not made a political ball out of her twisted opinion and left the family alone to heal without the sick public spotlight shining on them.  But she is just a pig like all the rest of the money hungry pigs we think are out righteous leaders.  It would be better she tie a millstone around her neck and she jumped into the Atlantic Ocean than for her to deceive.     Sadly there are children left fatherless and a grieving widow that needs to be left alone but,  the media is always looking for the latest gossip to bring someone down and keep their investors filthy.
Ive began to enjoy watching Trump squirm.  He is such a child. He name calls and demeans and always says obama isnt honest. Or good enough. And Obama always destroyed this country? I DIDNT WAKE UP EVERY DAMN DAY SCARED MY KIDS LIVES ARE GOING TO END ABRUPTLY CUZ YOU FINALLY SAID THE LAST NASTY THING TO NK AND THEY NUKE US. I never felt this fear or worry under the Obama  admin. Ur like transparent shit. It stinks but you can see right fucking thew it Trump. We know u will attack the media  and obama when backed into a corner.
You people are blind if you think Trump doesn't do what's best for our military and the American people. He has been the best president in decades,  Obama and Clinton destroyed our country with corruption and they should be prosecuted.
F Obama!!!!F liberals!!!Trump, balls of steal!!!.All liberal men are so feminine, can you imagine if these people totally ran this country with never a change? ,this country would be weak&lost forever!!!in the media world there's all these  rules, but in the real world people don't give a f,that's why we love Trump,he's are voice, the libs will never get it! !!!?
I FUCKING DETEST OBUMA,WHAT A SHIT BRAIN DUMB ASS
OBUMA,THE BANKERS PUPPET CLOWN,AND UTTER ASSHOLE
O'Reilly is great
what a dumb ass !!!!!!!!!!
Oh by the way where is Bill O now?
I wonder how many now wish that President Obama was back instead of this neophyte!
Fuck Trump, and all you idiots supporting him. This bullshit presidency will end, and history will show how ignorant he is, and how foolish and ignorant you Americans were to elect him.
trump that
Yeah abamas a useless puppet
T. was an asshole then and continues to be an asshole today (10-18-17). Still knows nothing but street fighting , alley speech.
teach those liberlas bastards #makeamericagreatagain
Trump is the worst President of the US has ever had.  Trump makes it all about him and  always has..  Rude ignorant man buffoon
PRESIDENT TRUMP IS THE BEST PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME.......GOD BLESS THE UNITED STATES AND GOD BLESS PRESIDENT TRUMP.....
TRUMP 2020
Donald you just speak about you-
Me, I, Am the best, I know, look at me,
Is not about you, is about the people of your country.
Till today, (oct 18, 2017) you haven't done anything. 
You has been goberning decrees. 
And youer speeches are about the same keep over an over  again.
With that expression on youre face eternally mad. against the all world including youre country.
You are a desaster.
And whats youre problem with Obama? also included on yours repiting speches. Don`t you have anything else to to talk about.
Poor american country, poor Melania.
Trump makes me sick. I can't even watch him talk. He disgusts me.
THOUGHT BUT was a sign of excuse..keep it on Khan and factsDamn ppl always adding mothers in something where many dislike disrespect of one's mothers.. just sayg..Damn sticks and stones...words ...youoh that's right only kids in adult bodies do this TODAY, not kids anymore. COMMUNICATION among adults have gotten so TODDLERS LIKEAT LEAST TODDLERS GOT AN EXCUSE!
YA IM SURE YOUD BE REAL TOUGH ON RUSSIA you fuck. You let the sanction deadline pass without renewing it EVEN THOUGH CONGRESS PASSED THE RENEWAL BEYOND VETO MARGINS
Donald Trump,  a whites house occupiers,  he is totally crazy dangerous to America and worlds,  narscisitic pathological lier!!
is it me or is he shaking??? im actually not sure
Punch. Counterpunch.
Idiots
watching this now LOLOLOLOLOLLLLLLLLLL.....what a retard.....how the fuck was he voted in? I also find it funny how the two perverts are talking to eachother
I wonder what everyone is saying now lmao
Mr president trump go for we are behind you all the way  amen ..
Make America Great Again!
Makes me think of growing up in school.. there was always some kids that would jump others but if u fought back? U got in more trouble than the one that started it.. the attacker was portrade as the victim.. libreals identify to this Scenario to the tee..
I love Trump!
....only in the minds of white folks . 
Smh.
obama binLyin was the jihad POTUS
Ass Hole will always be ass hole...
Running for US Senate in Nevada in 2010 against Harry Reid was such a learning experience. I finally realized how horrible politics really was. I am so glad Trump won as I received a lot of flack from both sides. I did not win but I won for being out there trying to serve the people of the great state of Nevada.
Billy, raped any one lately?
How do you confuse a rapist? Put him in an  oval room and tell him to pee on the hooker in the corner.
Good god Trump is so full of shit   & is the dumbest fucking creep and he is going to fuck us all including the dumb rednecks that voted for him
Fuck trump fuck him and his shitty Russian hooker wife
Trump was right.
Ben Shapiro...2024?
Hilarious -- "poor little Muslim woman losing a child, you can't talk about it". I think it had more to do with her son being a soldier and dying for this country but i'm not an inbred stupid fuck.
Trump and his idiots
TRUMP BAR!
Trump is really a delusional, childish, ignorant megalomaniac.
There has not been a day go by that I'm not grateful that Donald Trump is our President. Thank you Lord!
Trump will prevail.
MAGA
CLOWN.
Trump, what a crybaby!
Trump will not run for second term ,reason is he really has no idea what is going on and if you look he is only doing what he can benefit from not America  no i am not a Trump hater or Hilary fan, Trump made deals and made a fortune from his father or he be in poor house like the rest of us .He will screw America if something don't happen first you watch and see
Trump can die of cancer any time he wants. We are ready for it. We have been ready in the last 70 years.
Little bitch trump can dish it out, but can't take it. Hahaha! 25th Amendment!
Lee Francis you are the dumbs person I ever see. If Obama makes 20trllion debt you should know he save the Aouto industries from bunkrapcy so a lot of people can have the job. Your idiot thought won't take you no where except to the war. The whole world knows it your man didn't accomplish since in his office excerpt firing people. Dumb ass don't answer me no need to hear from you. Go educate your self first before you drop your dumb comments .
Bummer...  is radical in your vocabulary ?     Sick and tired of your lies!
Trump never said anything about ALL Muslims being bad!
The word is -   RADICAL
Not ALL!!!   You are still a liar!  Were you a liar before you became a scumbag?
YOU will go down as the worst of the worst president we ever barely survived!
YOU tried.  YOU failed.  We are proud to say.....
"Let me re-focus you back."
I agree with the president elected Donald Trump.
Obama sold and bankrupted this country. LOVE FOR COUNTRY AND POTUS 2017/2020!
Aw it's nice that both of these fine gentleman have a platform to cry about how mistreated they are. Everyone is just so unfair to both of them. How despicible of the failing media to call them bullies or sexist. They should know to just bow down and flatter...or be Fake...
Haaaaaaaa is that the reason why he served two terms and you can't even make it out of your first year without attacking something your percentage is 36%of approval ratings who's the worst person in history I'll let you decide that you know nothing about politics at all you're a businessman trying to play Apprentice president
TRUMP AND THE SCARECROW HAVE SOMETHING IN COMMON,
THEY BOTH HAVE STRAW FOR A BRAIN!
In hindsight, I think everyone can agree that Obama was correct
Obama shut  up you idiot
There is a L-O-N-G Russian history in Crimea.  Americans need to learn some history.  The people speak Russian.  They have a cultural connection with the east rather than the west.  

"Crimea became part of the Russian Empire in 1783, when the Crimean Khanate was annexed..."
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Annexation_of_Crimea_by_the_Russian_Federation
It's kinda funny that what Trump thinks of Obama, is pretty much exactly what most people think of Trump!
It was like he was talking to himself in the mirror!
This Muslim sob your day will come!!!
GET  ONE  THING    STRAIGHT   MONKEYMAN  OBUMMER  THE  U.S.  IS  NOT  YOUR  COUNTRY  NEVER  HAS  BEEN   NEVER  WILL  BE   NOW  FUCK  OFF BACK   TO  AFRICA  WITH  THE  REST  OF  YOUR  BABOON  FAMILY
OBARMA YOUR NOT PRES ANY MORE BY ,BY, YOUR GONE! LMMFAO, ,WORST PRES ,,,,EVER,,!!
Well, Well Chuck Schumer, the biggest corrupted criminal part of the Hillary Cartel. Here are more of the Muslim Obama, Hillary Cartel: 
Soros, Obama, Hillary, John Kerry, John Podesta, Valerie Jarrett, Bill Clinton, Hillary Clinton, Jerry Brown, Diane Feinstein, Barbara Boxer, Nancy Pelosi, Gavin Newsom, Willie Brown, Edwin Mah Lee, Ross Mirkarimi, Maxine Waters, Dick Durbin, John Brennan, Bob Menendez, Debbie Wasserman-Shultz, Donna Brazile, Huma Abedin, Weiner, Susan Rice, and so many more.
Show less
REPLY
My god. Trump demonstrates what an idiot he is at every turn. He's vain, nasty, ignorant, petty, a thug. How the hell did so many vote for him? Makes you worry about American educational standards and the proportion of idiots to sensible people.  I was amazed to heat Trump say "No American President has been treated so unfairly..." That overlooks the ones who got shot - he's even ignorant of US history.
YOU DONT HAVE BASIC KNOWLEDGE ABOUT ANYTHING!!
NOBAMA!!!!
i disagree with trump
The people can vote all the democrats out of office....WHY HASNT OBAMA BEEN CHARGED WITH TREASON ALONG WITH HIS MINONS
WHERE ARE OKARMA;S FLIES THAT HOVER ?
Look at Obama's off shore accounts.
when a politician does the "slow talk thingy" you know they are lying and acting like they care about something, but they then go and party with pedophiles.

and they fast talk the victims of their pedophile friends yelling them down
Go Trump x 10000000000000000000000
million!!!
###Finally a real President!!!
Happy Nobama Day to all!!!
Hahaha.... Evil Hateful Kenyan oBUMa is such an INCOMPETENT MUSLIM GLOBALIST GAY JOKE AND A LAUGHING STOCK TO THE WORLD 
For everyone who has no shame in voting for this man, don't you feel ashamed? America was the country of freedom and you're taking away that freedom. America wasn't made for your white a**es to be salty. America was made for everyone and you ruined that streak. If you still love this man, I hope you open your eyes soon, because he is going to make America worse for us. Woman who voted for him, don't you feel violated after he said he'll grab woman by the *****? Native Americans, he has built casinos on our lands and has violated our ancestors with the genocide in celebration of Columbus day. Chinese people, trump says he loves your country even though he attacked your country 10 times. Asians, aren't you torn by the administration move on affirmative action? Black people, I really don't know what to say at this point considering I know you all hate his guts. South Americans, he threatened you and can affect your currency. Canadians, he's picking a fight with you and is bluntly calling you the enemy. Koreans, I don't know what to say about you considering you're wanting to Nuke us. I hope that lecture gives you a clear idea on why you should not follow in this man's footsteps. Goodnight America, I hope I helped you open your eyes for you.
Obummer is so sick he can't even talk or read what is in front of him. His obsession is getting the best of his mental state. Bill was trying to push Trumps buttons was rather rude interrupting Trump. Bill your a piece of
Trump is absolutely correct, again !!!!!
OBAMA FOR PRISON OBAMA FOR PRISON OBAMA FOR PRISON
Off 1 time ( see you agian ) F&F 7 ThanK You !!!
DJ BL3ND
bullshit trump you sound stupid
Obama is a piece of shit,he's no president and never was.he can't even talk .
Obama get out Muslim. we have a great president an its Trump 100
List of truck you are the biggest piece of s*** that we have for President of the United States you are liar a racist you think they donated States is a real state company you shoot resign now do you still have the time you are the biggest piece of s*** that we have for President
DOTARD YOU ARE A FOOL 10/2017 HOW ARE YOU ALL FEELING NOW THAT YOU VOTED (HE WAS NEVER ELECTED EXCEPT BY RUSSIA)FOR SUCH UNINTELLIGENT FOOL #NOTMYPRESIDENT HACKED HIS WAY INTO OFFICE
G9 Trump x1000000000000000000000
million....##Finally a real President...
Ombamahaha waswoefully unprepared for anything......his incompetence was staggering....
Obama praise the islamist down with the rest as usual !
U brainless fuck head.
Fuck u u haven't got a brain u fuck head
Obama won the Nobel Peace Price and this well known liar is trying to dis him? How cute.
Obamahahaha the Great  ircus Clown was never our President!!!!
This man is a joke of a president and all of you idiot supporters of his know it. You may not want to admit it but this man is an absolute clown. Every day of his presidency has been filled with scandals and lies. When will it end?
God Bless President Trump
BACKWARD HUSTLE HOMOBAMA, PAYED DEARLY FOR HISHERS ARROGANCE AND INSOLENCE. GOOD REVENGE MR PRESIDENT DONALD J. TRUMP.
CNN means Clearly Not News.
You sound like a infant throwing a temper tantrum...
President George W. Bush is jumping for joy, laughing his ass, going around asking everyone can you believe this guy, what a God send this guy has been for me, I'm no longer the worst president ever with Trump, what a clown.
Shot up u fucking mouth Niger Muslim Obama u was the word ass in the white house. Well wen a dick walk's like dick is a dick.u are a dick.tator.u never looks like president piece of shit Obama. U are criminal. Murder  deceive .taking sway our money .given to u brother hood Muslims. We all know about u fucking history asshole .so  shots u f .  ass.
I wish we could all just give DT a chance and reflect on all his good points...jeez you'll back already!! Don't you just hate it when peeps don't take you seriously DT??
The man in charge is a business man, not presidential.  This is the lowest time of History I have no idea what is going to happen, he is the worst person in charge,  oreilly no good either.
Fuck you trump.you don't get a pass
Trump is the dumbest crayon eating mother fucker to ever sit in the Oval Office.

I think he is on drugs...its like he is trying to figure out what to say
This man can not stop lying-get out!
Lita chow do you have little bit knowledge or you are not listening what is been said all over the world. Are you seriously you are with your brain to tell me Trump did a lot can you mention one thing he did even he couldn't pass health bill . Do you think God like a man who slammed poor people and give all to rich sit and wait until you got hurt by him and trouble or slickness knock your door. Trump supporters really blind I don't know when are you going to see the fact while already the whole world see the trouble coming to US. Sad so sad .
Ron a you are brain dead if you can't figure out what Obama did don't ask me to tell youHe did a lot the whole world knows it I don't know which planet are you living in maybe you are in the cage of Trump. Wait until the war knocks you down then you will call god. No need answer from dumpers.
Obama all talk but no action. I am glad he is not in the white house.
I don't know about what trump is saying, so far all I've seen is him more on twitter than dealing with more important things
This man is a joke!
hillary and obama both are liars and sore losers.
obama was the worst president ever....hes a sore loser..
Obama WAS THE PRESIDENT OF THE CENTURY ....TRUMP WELL THE MOST INTELLIGENT IDIOT OF THE CENTURY..BELIEVE IT OR NOT
#45 IS AN IDIOT AND IS NOT COMPETENT OR EFFECTIVE AS THE LEANDER OF OUR COUNTRY.  I HATE TO HEAR PRESIDENT OBAMA'S NAME COME OUT OF THIS HORRIBLE MAN'S MOUTH!
Trump please kill yourself before you destroy America
The people of Crimea VOTED to return to Russia.  FOR ONCE, regarding Crimea,  the United States finally was shown that WE DO NOT GOVERN THE WHOLE WORLD!  This whole incident over Crimea would never have occurred if the United States had not initiated the regime change in Ukraine.  

As for "good relations" with Russia, I am writing this approximately 1 year and 1 month after this post, with President Trump occupying the Oval Office .... relations with Russia could not be much worse.  Yet, another campaign promise, tossed to the wind!
Trump is the best president the US has ever had in history.
The interviewer is a great idiot
Obama: ...he's woefully unprepared.
Trump: I think he's the worst president maybe in the history of our country.
Obama was a male slut.  Clinton would have been worse. PTL on the outcome.
Trump, you are an ugly, old, fat, ignorant, liar, lunatic, and you belong in an insane asylum. You're an embarrassment to the world.
Our president is great for our country, Obama is ignorant , and never was prepared, and unsuitable as a president, Can't believe Americans voted for him.Ithank God for our president, He give me hope and love America. Obama is a Muslium and a globalist
Obama == non sequitor .... Go away!!!
Good for you Trump. Obama and Hillary are evil and jealous at Trump. They haven't done anything good for the country except pocketed the money from people, billions of dollars. Why don't they use their money to help the people hit by the huricane.
Obama started the mass immigration into Europe by taking out Libya. Ghaddafi warned that if Libya fell, it would be a springboard towards infiltrating Europe.He was right.
Yes they have made so much true tge Clinton 's are making it if the backs if charity and ripping of people in need and all there treachery to there people
Trump literally sounds like a 5 year old kid name calling and picking on a kid he's jealous of. A real president would rise above criticism and act with dignity and respect not act like a big baby man child. Obama was viciously attacked all the time and rubbed it right off his shoulder.
Obama is a coward
no Trump you're the worst president in history
Stacy Kosasih I know but I believe that god chose him b/c god want to punish US. Look at him soon will bring you war with North Korea and look at all disastreous coming to use that never seen before the harican and storms in Texas ,Florida and others and now he is now making a problem With North Korea imagine what is going to happen to The world if North Korean send his his heavy weapons to us they say he is trying to reach US. You people still not get it what is happening. I hope God will protect the innocent and get all the evils once. Weak up lady and pray for your safety and for your country.
trump should go to Dallas TX and drive by the the grassy knoll.
One thing I love the most about trump is he speaks his mind without any second thoughts. And he tells the truth like it is. TRUTH.
yeah right Obama  did you forgot that younkept bombing the shit out of the middle east during 8 fucking years?
This man (Obama) is a lining peace of shit of president Trump
Soooo glad Obama is gone
When I look at  his face, Trumps I mean: So weak, so afraid, such an underdog. How is this possible? He is supposed to be the leader of  a nation , a great nation with an impact on the rest of the world. 
Without any trace of dignity, intelligence that means the capacity to take perpectives outside of the three- year old version of yourself. For God ' sake, this "man" is over 70 years of Age! What made him so immature?
I feel so sorry for the betrayed people of America who believed in a better life because of this fake of a human being.
Bitter ideological racist,, yes you sad people who spew your opinions herein,, kindly answer me this one simple question,, If Obama was all you feel he was,, how come his legacy is as you say an evil an ugly present president?Just like if you as individuals if you feel you are all good and decent folks how is it your children are wayward,? , by the way,, can anyone of you compare with the class, integrity and wit of Donald Trump or his children,??remembering that he and his seeds are not using your psychotherapy head fixing stimulants.,or branding and piercing themselves as rogues and vagabonds.
little trump ,you are the worst President ever in the history of the world not only in US
ha ha poor baby is such a fool
The worst president is only you Trump,  period!!!!
Who ever's Chanel is this, this topic of show is disgusting because it is written Donald Trump's response to president Obama's criticism. How the hell come president for Obama and just Donald Trump to president president. Media always been fricking one sided. No any good things about president president while speaking or even writhing. #gotohellmedias
"look at, look at look at , look at"
Obummer is nothing but . A illegal immigrant muslim brotherhood homosexual falsifying birth certificate and citizenship document records imposter, impersonating a elected official of the highest elected position of America as president. A treasonous malicious fraudulent malicious illiterate homosexual. Kick his butt out of America and bar him from ever stepping foot on any American soil. If caught put in Ft. Leavenworth Federal Penitentiary for life and four days. Being a muslim he can't go see his allah. SEMPER FIDELIS
There was no pizza gate asshole.  It was more lies and bull shit spread by Trump supporters.  When will Trump voters watch more than Fox / Trump news lies.
I cant stop watching this. This is great, President Obama has lit a fire under manchild tRump
Face it. Obama "owns" trump.
Trump really is an ass he doesnt even realise that He is the worst president ever what wrong with him  look at him u guy voted 4 THAT
I love this trump is pissed because President Obama put him in his place
I'm getting a hardon looking at two boobs.
Viciously attacked????? ROFL!
Whaaaaaaaaaaaam Trump is a crying fool
OBAMA IS A FAKE LOSER SAD MAN WHO IS SO LOSING HIS RATINGS ! ..... MY CROWD WAS WAY BIGGER BIGGER ! AND HE POO POOS....
A speech earlier by your present so called potus
I honestly think trump is an idiot...
LOOK IN THE MIRROR TRUMP AND YOU WILL SEE THE DUMBEST PRESIDENT EVER !!!!!   REMOVE !!!!!!!!!!
This scumbag is working with Russia because of his financial interests and is a traitor and had the balls to criticize Obama
Did you see O'Reilly when Trump put it to him.He is a deep state rat too!!
Laughing out loud and I can't stop LAUGHING --- 2 idiots on one show (Charlie Macarty and Humpty Dumpty) had a great fall - Run the damn country instead of dividing it up and put them damn EGOS in the shit can - because we all Know what Fake News is now all about - you're no longer invisible
You watch a lot and read a lot and absorb nothing.
It was your bestie, Putin that invaded Crimea.
Green Blink. What if and what if. The Presidents job is to bring the American people togethernot divide. I could go on and on but I suggest you move to Toronto because out west you would not be welcomed.
Trumps derogatory, personal attacks in response to any incisive criticism, is charictaristically disgusting behaviour of the obnoxious blowhard. A truly, irredeemably, abysmal human being and a disgrace to what formerly at least appeared to e a great nation.
You know something is very wrong when bill o'reilly has to become the voice of reason for this man...................
Well Trump is doing way better than you ever been Obama
Nobama is a freaking joke! You people that are behind this liar are nuts!
"I was viciously attacked..." There he goes again, playing the victim. And he says " Obama is one of our worst presidents!" Doesn't even try to make it polite or reasonable, like Obama did when he criticized trump. There's a reason why America is called a nation of immigrants, and trump clearly can't understand this. Not like he ever understood anything. What Trump is doing is cruel, biased, and it isn't right. THIS IS NOT OUR COUNTRY.
answer the initial question you brainfart
ha ha ha to the assholes who did not realize this is the new president he will do a great job lock up hillary
Trump your  such an idiot !!!
Trump is absolutely crazy and stupid and he is highly narcissistic! He is evil.
obama  you suck now as much as you sucked as a president. GO TRUMP
I'm with Trump!
I love Trump!
He's like a child. Even FOX NEWS has to step in and slap his hand.
King Louis and Marie Antoinette Punishment for Obama, Hillary and All treason against America
Good for Trump. He let the world know he was viciously attacked in no uncertain terms, and as we see now, the attacks do not stop. This is making people sick of the attackers, so much so that he won the Presidency.
Obama GET OUT, AMERICA DONT WANT YOU. GET OUT, GET OUT.  TRUMP. GET OBAMA OUT OF OUR FACES. DESTROY HIS EFFORTS TO HANG ON. HES DONE , HES NOT PRESIDENT. HE NEVER WAS.   TRUMP,, GET HIM OUT
Barak , you have no room to talk ! You kept on funding the enemy  , knowing  fully who they are and what they stand for .
obumhole is so jealous of President Trump, it is painful to watch.  I love our President Trump.
OBAMA is such a MENTAL Case...following trump around like a sick puppy...traveling all over spewing vile trash...AMERICANS CAN'T STAND OBAMA..WE ARE SICK OF THIS HAS-BEEN...TRAITOR...HE NEEDS TO GO AWAY
Obama shit his pants along with Hillary when he won.  Obama was simply ok as president.
https://youtu.be/x8CBF4aWwps
Trump is president.
Trump America will stand with you.
Trump is telling the truth.Obama is the worst president we have ever had.Hillary Clinton would have been worse.God chose Trump to be president.He has been attacked unfairly.Trump won
and now the fake news need to stop.Drain the Swamp and clean house.
President Trump is obviously falling to the trap of slandering, just like Nixon by the Watergate in the 70's.  Bernie Sanders said, the real issue of USA have to be dealed with, while it's failed  during those vicious psyche attack. Henry Kissinger hoping the president to focus on the USA's real issues while those attacks are obstruction or distraction of saving the USA and themselves and have to be dealed with reasonably necessarily. While Nixon, kissinger and associates working tirelessly toward the  progress of world peace during 70's, can you be another pioneer?
fuck you Obama your hole life is a lie your not a true American your college is a lie your a thief you will never be anything ever again but you are a good dancing chicken for the elites and you ball sack buddy George Soros for the white guys
fuck you Obama your hole life is a lie your not a true American your college is a lie your a thief you will never be anything ever again but you are a good dancing chicken for the elites and you ball sack buddy George Soros for the white guys
fuck you Obama your hole life is a lie your not a true American your college is a lie your a thief you will never be anything ever again but you are a good dancing chicken for the elites and you ball sack buddy George Soros for the white guys
fuck you Obama your hole life is a lie your not a true American your college is a lie your a thief you will never be anything ever again but you are a good dancing chicken for the elites and you ball sack buddy George Soros for the white guys
Russia is in your pocket with all the meetings you and your family have LIED ABOUT
Donald Trump is a fucking Joke, point. Blank, Period
Obama = THE WORST EVIL PRESIDENT!!!
The East is not America
His not a satanist like obumma  is
What say you? Bla bla bla bla bla bla bla......Take a break to breath even though you're a trumpet
What pisses me off is the stupidity  of the American people!!  Obama came in as another puppet and they almost fooled the world !! At least they fooled the American people  !!!!! But what really pisses me off is WHY? Do the American people let themselves be made a fool of over and over every year ????? Can't you people see the lies and propaganda bullshit??? Can you see the fake shootings and the rigged elections and everything that is a lie???
Our constitution is what we should live by , not laws against it !!!!!
The only way to win is a revolution,  and that's impossible cause the American people are lazy and stupid !!!!
WHAt n IDIOT you R  Donald Duck.
President Trump is a fantastic president
HA, this coming from a guy who colluded with Russia during the election, which has even more credence now with the damming evidence of Trump Jr.'s email chains between him and a Russian Counter intelligence officer, a Senator, and lawyer has now been discovered. Also, Trump pardoned Arpio, who refers to his adopted grandchildren as "a black and the autistic Mexican."
f
I agree with Donald Trump. Obama is the worst president in the history of the united states. Obama was a disaster.
I agree with trump we finally have a president that's got some gonads no pay countries to be nice to us like them arabs in Iran all that money wtf I'm glad him and Hillary are out good riddance Go Trump
this honkey obama makes mee sick
President Donald Trump is never wrong.
well trump i think you are only jealous about who president obama was, but the bad news for you is that you can and never be like him.. the truth is pres obama far better than you.. and he is capable ruling the world....
Barack Obama needs to be prosecuted for these damn crimes!
trum, God's judgement at it's start on America, an his followers are actually happy...WOW
Obama is not qualified to be President, he never was. His policies only hurt this nation, not benefit it!
Obama has no confidence in his answers
What a little bitch
Trump is an idiot , and will go down  as the worst president in history,
Obama should be charged with treason.
Arch Satan. am happy for u. n many others like u. who appreciate Donald Trump. for taking u back to where u belong. am Sorry. that Obama didn't come looking for your kind, wash u dress u. n take u to a job that u could sit n enjoy a pay check. don't worry. trump will soon take away all the great things that Obama put in your arms reach n your children reach. in the mean time. please enjoy life as u no it. trump will make shore u stay back behind where u belong. have a good one.
Oreilly has always been and always will be objectively full of shit. A pandering blowhard, sucking on the wet end of middle americas semi-flaccid johnson...

But man...what a tie. I have to get me one of those.
Trumpis a joke. Hey Trump yes you get along with Russia for sure. Trump is the LIAR.
I totally agree with President Trump!!  Obama was not effective through out the 8 years that he has been President!!!!   The reason why only speaks for itself!
Why is obama even still talking he fucked this country up so bad we are living back in the 50's and 60's fuck obama
Trump is doing SO WELL ar the moment. Doubt he will get invited to the President's Club so he won't be invited to take a photo.
For those of you talking smack about my president go back to whatever country u came from
You rock Fox news.
the left is evil. Mathew 25:33
Bush and Obama wasted 16 years in office while North Korea was building nuke. If we have to go to ww3 it's their fault. Millions people might die because they did nothing!
Trump's face looks like the underside of a mushroom,  he has the reasoning of a mushroom too.
Trump has such a childish way of responding to criticism
So, Obama is responsible for Crimea, right Donny? What a whinging twit.
Political is a powerful word that the World is calling people that holding the power to control the world with very unloved dangerous cruel and very manipulated,brainwashed,intimidated,  people because they the one who  went to meeting at the World and they can say any thing to fit in and feed their needs look that is what is going on if you upstanding more is a knowledge of very high position that destroyed Countries,because they forced to do what they want but they don't know what  the right story because media's are one of the very dangerous,liars they don't tell the truth but they turn out when money ,stop them to tell the truth  now look at the people on the streets homeless and , UN forced country to bring people in but tgeir leaders enjoyed their luxury,but make Country suffer with their violence,
Time to use the Bible to lead Gods children not by forced or intimidated,violence is so cruel we need peace respect love and humble
TRUMP IS RIGHT
He has that grab 'em by the pussy look.
fucck Obama
he look just like a devil evil is sinister-looking somebody need to hold his chump ass down and let Hillary piece him up
God bless our great American president Donald J Trump!! So nice to have a real American Man with a beautiful wife and family in our white house and not the Isis loving anti American fagot muslim crack head dick sucking lying impostor barack o homo bin laden and his ugly dick swinging imposter angry hateful looking ape husband big mike..
Dumb ass!
Obviously this was a long time ago, and he is still jealous, envious and petty where President Obama in concerned, Bill O'Reilly is gone and I hope trump is gone real soon!!!
Just hearing Obama's wimpy, passive voice makes me sick
This man Trump tells lies all over and tries to let people see it as the truth, but there is no truth in whatever he says.
America got Trump for president! I'm so glad I don't live there! Just goes to show how lost this once great country is! More tragically sad than words can say.
DACA was brought up by Obama. Basically, everything Obama has done is opposed to America's  benefit. DACA makes me feel that Americans are too lazy, people might think Americans lack skill and talent to get the job done. Those Dreamers are old enough, they should go back to their own country, pass the usual SOP to become an American if they really want to live in America.
Word has it the mental institution is missing a man with orange skin and a rude attitude.
Fuck the orange racist sphincter boy.
FUCKYOU moronic cuntlip asshole leftover leftist crybaby bitch turd anal face shit face odummer. FUCKYOU
Obama the gay crackhead. Don't hurl insults at me. Look it up for yourself. Larry Sinclair. He liked getting blown by white males because it was a power thing for Obama. A way to get even with whitey. LOOK IT UP.
Trump speaks the truth. 
If the truth hurts so be it.
this is "old news"
What a Dork!
Also watch 'The Prime Minister of Dick.'
how can they lie, how can they lie? I wonder.....
Get lost Obama your not the President. Go back to Kenya your birth place.
Don't blame me for the mess that Trump has self created.  I voted for Clinton.  For those who are trumps base I have no sympathy for the that you created.  All glassy. eyed and giggly because you voted for a real live celebrity who is dumber than a sack of hay.
FUCK SHIT FACE COKE HEAD ASS TRUMP. ORANGE BASTERD
FUCK TRUMP DUMB ASS FUCKER
did you see obama flinching when he said "our country"?
LOOK AT TRUMPS UGLINESS. He's ugly inside and out
He is an immigrant just like everyone else. His wife should be deported just like he is trying to deport young people.  He is weak,  and a punk.... put him in front of a man by himself.  Let's see what kind of a man he will be.  He is a low life punk.....
"Clueless" 44.1 is a bully who is NEVER wrong! First Class (excuse the expression) C U * T!!!
1000+ lies so far so...bit rich eh, Donnie (Imac Hunt)?
Coming from the worst person, never mind POTUS, ever!! The "man" is a fool!
Trump is just a big ass baby who's obsessed with Obama. All he does is whine about Obama's presence and play golf.
HOW come Obama ain't in jail yet?
ITS TIME TRUMP STARTS ASSERTING HIS AUTHORITY AS A GREAT LEADER AND SHUT OBAMA UP ONCE AND FOR ALL!  DO WHAT HE SAID HE WOULD DO WITH HILLARY AS A START!  HE NEEDS TO DEPORT OBAMAS TRAITOROUS NO GOOD CARCUS OUT OF AMERICA.  SEND HIM BACK TO AFRICA!
Obama has alot of nerve to act like he cares NOW!  HE never gave a crap about America when he was president so he definitely needs to shut his traitorous mouth!  He did everything he could to destroy this country.  Him and Hillary BOTH have more blood on their hands than people can emagine!  Obama needs to just go the hell AWAY!  OBAMA THE TRAITOR TO AMERICA!!!
Ignorant fool.
I swear I fucking hate this idiot. Anytime someone disagrees with fucktard TRUMP the media. He saays they are failing. Stfu TRUMP ur a failure. They don't like u so they are failing. Lmfao. Do fucking corny.
He is a commie, divider, a hater just like his daddy, the Muslim commie Marxist one, not so much his other daddies.  He even don't help or support his own African family members.  Believe this, the apple doesn't fall far from the tree.
This is such a crock of crap. when the shit hits the fan, some guys run...and some guys stay. Here's Sheriff Joe and Trump facing' the fire, and there's Hillary and everyone else hiding' in big governments swamp. And what are you people doing'? You're gonna reward Hillary, and Bill and Barack Hussein and try to destroy Sheriff Joe and President Trump. William Jefferson Clinton, Barrack Hussein Obama, Hillary Rodham Clinton, Their finished, long gone. What a sham. What kind of a show are you guys puttin' on here today? The only class in this act is sitting in the position of POTUS right here and now, Donald Trump! And his soul and integrity are intact! It's non-negotiable. A lot of Washington swamp scum have offered to to buy out his integrity etc., but Trump isn't selling. You people, LGBT, Anti Americans, Liberals, Communists, ANTIFA, Black Lives Matter, Liberals, Democrats, Anarchists, KKK, White Lives Matter, Neo Nazis etc. are trying to destroy rule of law, and amputate the spirit of America, you want to execute the very soul of true Americans and Patriots and bring this country down to your level of thinking, living and decadence. And why? Because Trump wants to enforce the law of the land and make America Great. Well, Bill, Barrack, Hillary, and all you anti-Americans and other political, anti-american, hate mongering entities wherever you are right now, just accept the man. It might be a tough nut to swallow, but get used to it, he is a role model for real Americana. Stop hating and embrace him, he will make all of you proud someday. Oh, and remember this, to be the man, you got to beat the man, and no one could do that either legal or illegal in our last Presidential race.o

Hitler inspired hope, when Germany needed it, is that bad? Barrack is or has done the same as Hitler did, but much more cleverly, more like a true Politician (Snake in the grass) would do. The seeds of dissent he has sown over the past 8 years of his Presidency are more evident now than ever perceived or imagined, Mission Accomplished! He is the one single reason why this country is so divided now. Even now he cannot stay out of the political picture, keeps sowing dissent and trying to keep America divided. He is a mouth piece, the great Orator, he has hate for America, hate and disgust and contempt for his own family, deeply rooted, I truly think he he would more than love to see America weakened and divided, just as he is himself. He has been experiencing an identity crisis for quiet sometime, mostly rooted in his upbringing, a mixture of communist/democratic ideological messages, mix of black/white/ethnicity and conflicting religious conviction (Muslim/Christian) influences and a sexual identity crisis which has been going on for sometime now. This I would say makes him more likely the Devils Advocate. He was and always will be the President who accomplished nothing, who always straddled the fence (or something else)! He is a talker, not a doer. Even now he is the main architect for the next Democratic contender against American Patriots in the next Presidential race.
Drump pouting Obama being a great President.  LOl. YOU R DELUSIONAL
Trump is a moron. That's it.
Today Trump is begging China to reign North Korea. What happened to your brag?
Mister Trump, learn from history:
Idi Amin was a Ugandan president  from 1971-1979.
He expelled all Asians from Uganda in 1972, an action that led to the breakdown of his country's economy and have not recovered yet.
Quotes:
I am the hero of Africa.
Idi Amin
Just eight months later seams like he's talking about himself 
Fuck I hate this man.  He's such a god damn child.   Everytime he starts talking I wanna punch him through the screen.  Could one of you Americans assassinate this motherfucker already please!?!  That's how I really feel lol
to all of you that are so racist , jealous , and ignorant to the creation of life , shame on you for running down President Obama...he was a great President , and many thought so too, for he was our President  for 2 terms , and if it were possible to run the 3rd term , he would be sitting once again in the white house , guaranteed , regardless of his color and race , he spoke , acted and displayed true citizenship to our country , and was awesome as the  Chief of Administration to our country , now look who we call out President , a good business man ...Maybe  , but no President
Donald Trump is a self motivated man, where is his faithfulness and knowledge , he does not speak like a chief of administration to the country , and acts like a spoiled little brat, has no idea how to address the country , and he only tries to cover up his stupid, stupid, thoughts,  man he is disgusting ... attacked?  he always likes to blame others , New York times , yes just listen to him..he is so full of shit ! not a President , cant even keep his company out of bankruptcy, and no one attacks him , it's the truth ... i know when President Obama was in office , I could say to my small children , that's a man we can look up to ...every time Trump opens his mouth its always accusations put forth to someone else, he just dose not speak like a President of the United States, he says indecent things about women, is a racist, and who wants a man such as him running the United States Of America!
I believe it a shame that he is in office, and i only pray that he does not ruin the country ...leave it to him and watch the country tumble ....
Trump will be remembered as the mean spirited president who gleefully represented the worst our nation has to offer. There's a very good reason the majority of Trump's support base is primarily under educated white males on their racist pity pots. This is what Trumps legacy will be... that is if our nation survive his narcissism??
mr trump no words can describe this old immature grey/orange head man...he is so unintelligent listen to his rambling can't walk in obama old shoes..why the reporter had to bring him back into focus.he hasADHA LMAO
What a pathetic cunt , the sooner he's frog marched out the White House with his pants around his ankles the better.
Trump presidency is my favorite show!!
.... OK, let me refocus you.. (hahahahahahahaha)
Who cares what this conman liar has to say about Obama. Obama is a dignified decent man while trump is a thief a con artist and a consummate pathological compulsive liar. On important matters and on dumb shit. One is a giant of a man the other is a spoiled brat bully and cry baby. The difference is vast. Trump could never no matter how hard he tried bring his rotten despicable diaper breath character to the character place and fix his loathsome repulsive reprobate self into a sliver of what Obama is. He's not capable of decency or honesty and his Hate and contempt of others doesn't allow him to change. He's actually the worst American in the country and some huge group of people weren't able to discern that the worst Person in USAland was not someone you want in the Oval office. This consortium of defective people were unable to see that the Democrat was , on a scale of 1 to 100 , the Democrat is an 11 while this piece of fuck trump is a 99 possibly even a 100 regardless the defective DNA lacking hillbilly of America is alive and well ready to elect an arpaio or a trump or any of several highly defective sub human abscess discharge candidates at any time. Way to go USA way to go.
As you can see Obama spoke from his heart ... Donald only read the papers ... :/
NO DONALD TRUMP YOU ARE THE WORST PRESIDENT THAT THIS COUNTRY HAS EVER SEEN.. HOW THE HELL DID YOU GET IN THAT OFFICE.. BECAUSE YOU KNOW NOTHING ABOUT WHAT BEEN A PRESIDENT IS.. ITS SAD THAT THIS GREAT COUNTRY WITH THE BEST MILITARY.. CITIZENS.. JOBS.. LAWS..  (MOST) ETC..  END UP WITH A STUPID.. POOR EXCUSE FOR A MAN.. BE THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES.. FARRAKHAN EXPLAINS IT BEST..
Trump is the WORSE. A spoiled kid having a JEALOUS tantrum!!!
Obama. An educated and lauded and respected speech maker and orator was speaking in what is called a MEASURED tone. Like most ex-Presidents you (largely) keep you mouth shut about what the acting Pres is going  through.  But this Trump fuck forces people to speak up. Even ME!  I stay out of this shit normally but the level of hazardous waste he is generating is rising to high. I'm shocked at the number of supportive comments about him i saw below this video. I have often wondered why ANYONE who is not wealthy would think  highly of this River-City con man. But the answer is below. Stupid, racist people who somehow believe this guy has ANYTHING in common with common people.  He only cares about and respects RICH PEOPLE. He's said it numerous times. His policies shit on his "base" and then goes there to hold a "rally" to make himself feel good.   He's only in office to make money. It is political usury. He's further enriched  himself, friends and family since he took office, ignoring all rules, laws in place, safeguards and protocol.  We're all paying for his record-setting number of golf trips to his owvresorts where he charges the govt. for the transpo  It's beyond stupid to think he gives a DAMN about you unless you are rich and white. In that order. It's all about Him, all the time.
Trump is the worst president in the history of this country. Obama was the best president we had since JFK. A lot of racist people were just mad we had a black president for 8 years and that is 100% what it is. You cannot tell me otherwise.
If someone likes Trump, is because this person has the same kind of ....garbage in his brain.
I'm so, so glad Trump won. 

And won without the usual strings attached by the Billionaire, mainstream, media moguls, the Marxist, Anti-Christian, Anti-American CNN, and the rest.

He's a natural born leader, street fighter, from the competitive world of business where the customer is king. Unlike the usual parade of lying lawyers who wait for the latest (bogus) media poll to tell them what side their bread is buttered on. 

I still can't believe Donald did it. Everyday I say a prayer for him and this country and our world... For peace and prosperity for all 7.2 billion of us.
trump won  go home and shut up
Donald Trump A Fucking A$$ liar ..He doesn't even remember US Constitution ...He disgrace the Country.
I still like Trump and I'm poor!
https://youtu.be/jorNuMwiMFE
I didn't vote for Obama this fuckin' asshole Trump will never be haft the president Obama was.
OBUMMER THE WORSE MAN ON THE PLANET. ILLUMINATE, SATANIST, PEDOPHILE, LIAR, TRAITOR.
How can Trump talk about lies?  If he told me the time I would ask for a second opinion.
Didn't you abandon NATO?
 agree yes I agree
That's Baldwin's funniest performance. :)
Trump is the   Best Leader of all  people.
Obama made it 2 terms 
Not sure you'll last 1
I hope President Trump told Obama to STFU and go away before he gets hurt.
Boylthis oranguta,n lies evrery 2 minutes ,and have the audacity to call anyone   liar.He even lies about his own lies.
Obama saying trump knows nothing about Europe. That ignorant idiot told us in the uk we would go to the back of the que if we voted to leave the eu. That man has been a disaster for the USA.
All people that left this country because Trump is the president want to comeback immediately. The liberals, democrats, and communists, in this country love to Obama with his corruptions. He entered to the White House like media-class and he left the White House like multimillionaire. He must be investigate for that.
The world is laughing at The First Family Of Dummies...the whole trump family is stupid.  The whole lot of them are so incredibly dumb!
Obama wasn't even born in the USA....not to mention 8 years of very expensive holidays and did nothing for the people.
Trump is weak TRump is a loser Trump is mentally ill any fool can see that..
Trump's Response To Charlottesville And The Phoenix Speech
Not To Mention Arpaio's Pardon,Transgender Ban, And None Stop Twitter Actions 
By Trump In The Last 2 Weeks Is A Wake Up Call Of Things To Come. Things Are Going
To Get Really Bad Nobody Can Restrain Him So Be Ready For TRUMPISM
It Has Started And Our Future Looks Scary If  We Don't Try And Stop him Now.
IMPEACH TRUMP NOW!
Shut - up Trump. Ignorance. Obama was the best. Trump the worst.
President Obama was THE best President in the history of United States.  Mr. Trump will NEVER fill his shoes.  He is too ignorant, selfish and unprofessional!
fuck you trump  suck my black Dick.....
One grabber interviews another....amazing irony.
Uh yeah no!!! This is the deep States attempt at creating a loophole in order to have investigations into their crimes stopped.. This is so obvious and yet is not being exposed or talked about.. the same goes with the California cessation.. and also the attempt at dividing it up into 3 States within 1 providence..This Will create unconstitutional leverage to write their own laws and in hopes that those laws will supersede the federal and congressional levels... shame on you deep fried deep state.. you are going to be exposed and busted wide open.. ha ha ha.. obumer and Clinton clingons are done..
Narcissist behavior is something that is observed and not intuited. in other words you talk to much. White mans bluff to be more precise. Now your saying to yourself WELL I'll show this moron who's boss.
Wow. it is a playground in here. Do your parents know you are all out?
This is SOO incredible!  You know, Narcissists are INFAMOUS for PROJECTION-which is a psychological symptom that narcissists often accuse OTHERS-of you doing exactly what THEY'RE doing!  Everything he's truly speaking about is how he feels about himself!  He's the poorest president in every way, he's the uneducated, the liar, the unethical, insulting, contemptuous etc................................
...(if HE can dot dot dot his Tweeting comments so can I!
He is full of shit!!!
A beta male- Obama trying to diss a Alpha Male -Trump
45 is an idiot!
Hilarious to listen to this after 7 months of THE biggest disaster of a president of all time.
Fuck trump
YOU ARE A DUTCH-BAG YOU UTTER NONSENSE CAN NEVER EVER FILL OBAMA'S SHOES  ON INTELLIGENCE.  YOU BEEN LYING EVER SINCE YOU TOOK OFFICE.  YOU ARE THE WORSE WORSE  EVER SO CALLED PRESIDENT EVER.
MAGA socialist libtards pieces of the worst dogshit
spoken by the worst president possible ...look at the lies..look at the lack of leadership even cooperation..look at the violence..his only 'base'...look at a man whose mission is division and destruction and self enrichment.
Oh Donald weak, where are you accomplishments, your own party is becoming more and more divided, all because your a fuktard and a moron without a clue how to do the job you wanted and were elected too.  And stop talking about Russia, your going to find yourself impeached in the next months or years because of your involvement with Russia, and your children, jesus christ man, your children are going to end up losing there stature in this world.  But, your old as hell, your life has been full of disasters and bankruptcy and fraud and lies....you orange twit !!!
"Let me refocus you back, " says sex predator O'Reily. Yeah, like anyone can refocus Trunt back. Pathetic
everything that comes out this piece of shit's mouth is bullshit. talking about you trump fucken waste of fucken human skin.
Obuma intimidated.
trump ur full of shit dumb as bottle. after this life if you get another life. even then you can never be half the man President Obama is. if you become a trillionaire you can never walk in Barack Obama shoes or footsteps take a look in your mirror Obama inspired your dumbass and you're so shame you cannot bear the fact that you cannot measure up
let me re-focus you back..haha...good luck
Please speed up the impeachment hearings
TRUMP = GOD
3:20 "I speak-I speak very well..."

"I know words, I have the best words."

Is this suppose to be ironic? Cause it's pretty much the literal definition of situational irony...
WOW two of the worst white men in the US are talking here!
This guy is some kind of idiot...they must have dropped him on his head during childhood.
CHUMPS SUCH A JOKE.
President Trump her what He say mean things to mr Obama over words that make person every mad take over American take their money every not save person cell words others people take me respect  their people and her what mr copies take mr. Trump  mean things about his wife her what He say mr Trump not be on TV He say nasty things over the Country I'm going to find out about mr Trump.
Liar Liar pants on fire... Do as the child does.
He is such a cry baby..
Fox News is the worst news ever! You tell lies! Trump is the worst!
Trump responding like a spoiled 6th  grader. What an immature individual. what a low class individual,
These poor fucks in the comments got totally swindled.
Trump look at the man in the mirror, and  you'll find an incompetent, insecure and feeble president!
Obama' is one of the Best President u uS f... have and Hillary where way better!!!! Trump is a political Mega-Noob, but to Kill MS-13 remarks was awesome!
All the people want is a leader, a president who is competent. Would you, Mr. Trump, feel content, safe, satisfied with an incompetent doctor doing surgery on you? Would you feel truly well-represented by a lawyer who didn't have his bar exam? The Americans have the right to a president who is competent and whose truly concern is the American people he/she represents. 
For all us, what truly matters is not how much you say you can, but what you actually can.
Two super asholes and that liar pig called Trump has spoken more lies to date than even a child does. Trump is a born crook and criminal.
TRUMP IS A PIG...and he proves it day, after day, after day, after day, after day, etc.
Trump is President of the USA.  What does that say about the USA?
Well,  since  1941 it has been at war with some country or other and promoting extreme right wing despots... because its is a gargantuan money maker for the companies that facilitate war, but , never before has there been a such a dangerous leader , greedy for the spoils
Why has Bill O'Reilly never made any attacks or approached Obama with all these questions? Why keep bothering a Good Man like Trump who is trying his best to get America back on its feet after Obama and the others screwed it all up? IF Trump fails from all these negative animals attacking him , then they will be very sorry in the future? I bet.
BILL REMEMBER there are a lot of American Woman who have lost their sons also? And Hillary attacked the family members of some ? did she not in Benghazi?
TRUMP IS THE GREATEST. DRAIN THE SWAMP . OBAMAS EARS ARE KEEPING HIM AFLOAT.
Jay, you are a fool!!!! Go ahead and vote for him again. You will deserve what you get. All you trump lovers are very confrontational , have fragile ego's, and very controlling. You all suck!!!!
how do you like him now?
Racists  bitches
This from the most vile disgusting human ever to hold the office of President. He has lied, abused, and stood up for Nazis. He can't even bring him self to apologized for his vile remarks. The only person who gives fake news is him. To perverts together. GROSS.
NY Times is still around ... dummy. So much for you "they wont be around for another 2 or 3 years"
No one lies more than Trump. Obama is one of the WORST Presidents? Don't make me laugh. Obama's national AND international APPROVAL ratings are very, very high. I swear Trump has mental issues in his old age.
So is Fox News the only truthful news in trumps eyes? Trump is fake
Who was the community organizer in Chicago.
SAD and PITIFUL!*
these two ave four braincells in total half of which are dead
who needs comedy central when u have these two buffoons around
Shame on you 45, you at so disgusting.
what a fucking moron.
So funny to watch in August 2017... Trump is an embarrassment
trump is a racist and a dump ass
One of these two clowns has been finnished already, next one soon.
Obama will go down as the worst President in history.........
lie trump, Obama is the most intelligent president that you. you are just jealous.
Bye bye Affirmative Action President obomba.
YOU'RE ONE TO TALK!
TrumP, nobody really cares what you think. Js
Robert De Niro, summed up this current president.
What a big fat turd tha donald turned out to be
Impeach this asshole
Phucking Fool.............
I give him 2 months
Trump always looks like he is pouting. And that's because he is. He whines and rants all the time. Trump keeps saying he knows more than other people on everything. He has no political experience. He doesn't know how our govt works. He lies all the time.
"The worst president ever" How ironic!
Donald Trump is an expert on being a crappy President
TRUMP
WHAT A DISASTER YOU ARE  OMG  WE NEED BARACK BACK  a thoughtful and intelligent Present .But I must fake news right ya #@$!%23 dildo
Trump is a hell starter he came from hell
you guys are messed up, what a clown
wow, 1 year later, what a tool. Obama is like an elder statesman and trump makes my high school bullies seem eloquent and diplomatic
You're a dumb piece of dog shit with no brain because donald trump is racist supremacist with his best friend david  by is 
 side and they both gonna make America hate again!
Trump worlds best President and Obama world worst President who lies and is the antichrist. Thank God for the great Donald Trump. God picked Trump.
Get Obama to face Trump directly in public media with a professional moderation, based on the actually political issues. A fair debate with sharing the future points on stake without blaming or generally or personally attacks, best with a determined agenda and rules for discussion in advance and using microphones enabling to flexible set in mute modus for the one who brakes the rules.
If he could have only seen the future and how he would fuck up as the worst president of all time he would have kept his mouth shut. But no the shit keeps coming out.
Trump you know nothing and you are not prepared to learn. Basic knowledge eludes you, The most incompetent president America has ever had and i doubt you would make it to the end of your first term if you don't change.
Hater hater hater
I LOVE YOU DEAR PRESIDENT  YOU ARE GREIT.............GREIT......
OBAMA HAS  SOME PROBLEM IN HIS MAIN?  HI IS ESTREMLY SLOW THINKER .
Has anyone in the Trump family risked or sacrificed their life for this country?
Why do we care about what Obama says? He should never of been president, he isn't even an American! All the lies and how he destroyed so many things in America makes me sick! What I want to  know is WHY he hasn't been arrested and gone to prison for all he has done, all that he didn't do and all of his plots to destroy  America.
I am sick of listening to his dishonest press speal. If they llie why doesnt he prove it. His lies have all been proven. He is such an idiot Give me a break. Have you listened to his lies.
TRUMP IS A HERO DID YOU GUYS KNOW OBAMA ALLOWED TRUCKS TO ENTER USA WITH OUT PROPER SCREENING FOR THE SO CALLED PURPOSE OF BETTER TRAFFIC.
UNBELIVABLE TRUMP IS A HERO A PATRIOT A TRUE AMERICAN!!!!!!
ALMOST ALL MY FIRENDS LIKE HIM!!!
Did you know Lincoln had a really big ...... says his wife?
you are on the cover of Equire almost everyday and you are part owner and what you put out is down right scary
he talks and proves right away he is not a President he is a man all about himself
I'm a mexican, I don't believe that they give a rats ass about us they just want our votes "demoldrats".and if that happens all they do lie and cheat the people!!! I vote  Republican! The president is a Cristian Man, this is a Christian Nation...he wants the American people to come first.. not money for his pockets..we need to fight and complain like they do to get what we want...we voted for our President......
Life insurance policies includingICBM deaths are expensive.
Don't wait for Incoming North Korean I.C.B.M's !
Attack NOW!
I love watching these two rub cocks. Harder harder.
NOW HE IS THE WORST NOW
Left wing media is just like a used roll of toilet paper, on the nose, soiled and terrible health risk and totally useless.
This stupid freak is so nuts he doesn't know what he doesn't know!! He has a White House full of White Nationalists, Natzis, whose pay checks comes out of our tax dollars!  He is still as sick as he was in this interview, Bill O'Reilly is gone and I wish this nutcase was gone, too!! He is ignorant and knows nothing at all about anything. This is why the Natzi's around him who tell him what to do and say can manipulate him so easily!! He doesn't know anything about this country, the government or the world!! He couldn't read the constitution let alone understand it, nor do the people around him. He is the laughing stock of the world, when they aren't cowering in fear of what the lunatic will do next, lob a nuclear bomb at N.K. to divert Mueller's investigation that is getting to close for comfort?!He is a whining, bellyaching, tantrum throwing cry baby, he is so mentally unstable he belongs in a padded cell or playpen, not the White House!! It is so amazing that a whole year has gone by, from this stupid attack on President Obama, trump isn't worthy to kiss his shoe. trump will go down in history as the most disastrous president of all of them. He is mentally unstable to a dangerous degree. Somebody needs to deliver us from him, he is the devil incarnate!!
I WOULD LOVE TO SEE HOW THESE TWO PAST PRESIDENTS WOULD DEAL WITH ALL THE CRAP THAT PRESIDENT TRUMP HAS TO DEAL WITH TODAY. ALL OF THE BOGUS OBSTACLES CONSTANTLY TRYING TO DISRUPT HIS PRESIDENCY. AND IS TOO BAD AND SAD THAT OBAMA/SATAN IS SO SHALLOW AND CANT WORK AND OR HELP PRESIDENT TRUMP. INSTEAD OBAMA AND THE SHALLOW DEMS ARE CONSTANTLY SHOWING THEIR TRUE COLORS OF ALL EVIL. THEY NEED TO STEP UP TO THE PLATE AND BACK PRESIDENT TRUMP AND HELP HIM SO THIS COUNTRY CAN HEAL, DUE TO OBAMAS DIVISION OF THIS COUNTRY BY BRINGING IN THE ILLEGALS TO RAPE AND KILL INNOCENT CITIZENS. 
ONLY IN AMERICA YOU CAN COME HERE ILLEGALLY FOR FREE AND GET EVERYTHING FREE AND RAPE, KILL, PUT DRUGS IN THE USA STREETS AND GET BY WITH IT AND THEN THEY PUT INNOCENT CITIZENS IN PRISON BY SETTING THEM UP ON ALL KINDS IF BOGUS CHARGES. 
I DONT CARE WHAT EVERYONE IS THINKING BUT I DO NOT BELIEVE THAT THE USA GOVERNMENT CANNOT GET THE DRUGS OUT OF  THIS COUNTRY. THE GOVERNMENT IS THE ONES PUTTING IT HERE TO MAKE MONEY AND DO IT THEMSELVES. THIS NEEDS TO STOP. THE GOVERNMENT IS FOR ALL EVIL AND PRESIDENT TRUMP IS TRYING HIS BEST TO MAKE AMERICA GREAT PERIOD. IT HAS NEVER BEEN GREAT UNTIL NOW AND THE ONES STARTING THE CHAOS AND FAKE NEWS NEEDS TO BE PUNISHED TO THE HIGHEST EXTENT OF THE LAW. ALL THIS STUPID SHALLOW CRAP NEEDS TO STOP. THEY NEED TO GET OFF THE RUSSIA CRAP KILLARY AND OBAMA STARTED THAT CRAP ALONG WITH FUNDING ISIS
No, you don't speak really well.
And he still doesn't answer questions
God bless America
Gold Star Wives is an organization we have a right to join and pay dues. The Veteran's Administration has been nothing but accommadating since notificaton of my husband's death. GSW is a wonderful organization. It stays on top of legislation and makes sure we do not loose our rights and benefits.
Obama, you are so wrong.  You were a horrible President!!
What is it this KENYAN Barack Obama  talking/ crticism  about Mr President Donald J Trump handling of NK?  What Obama did to NK ?
Nothing changes. Six months in and Trump is still as incoherent, uneducated and illiterate as ever; he still has to blow his own trumpet even if it means lying through his teeth; he still has to blame everyone else for his reactions and behaviour; he still has to insult people in order to try and make himself look good; he's still as corrupt and treasonous as ever and he's still a racist neo nazi white supremacist pig who supports the KKK. And some people thought he would get better as time went on. Guess they're gonna be scraping the egg off their faces for many years to come.

IF Donald J Trump doesn't destroy the planet by starting WWIII he will, without a shred of a doubt, go down in history as the WORST President of the United States ever - PERIOD! #SAD
After listening to what this pig had to say, it proved beyond doubt that  6 year old child  is more rational than Trump..... he cannot answer basic question without wandering away about the subject .... and at the end no answer anyway....I love the fact the his favourite Fox news tried to safe him from  further embarassment....
Worse than you Mr Trump, calling out Clinton on lying, talk about people in glass houses.
He looks like he's really really constapated.
shut the fuck up bin laden I mean ocrapa you the worst president we ever had i never wanted you in power and so glad you not any more
Obama is a lier, lier pants on fire..Go get him Trump !
He keeps saying, wouldn`t b wonderful if we became friends with Russia? How? Are Russia`s interests or ours change internationally? No. There h proves himself he doesn`t get politics!
WOW! What an unhappy, pathetic ,useless,spoiled little boy.This does not bode well for the state of affairs of the united states.Our only hope lies in impeachment.This guy is a complete TOOL!
So Trumpettes, happy now ??   This thing is spiraling out of control risking Nuclear War with adolescent bravado... illegal dealings and aiding our enemies.... as I said,  Happy Now ???
The Apprentice )))))), USA is now reality show?
obummer is irrelevant anti American hypocrite the fool damaged this country. The worse so called presiden in history.
Obama, you have done nothing for America except raise our debt and run your mouth. You have lost the respect of True Americans. Thank you President Donald Trump for being a real Man and a Great President. I have complete faith in you and i could care less about all or any BS that Obama and his followers say its all Fake.
Putin penetrated with Trump's blessing and then some our election! Fact! A lot of anti-American lying crap to hurt us in the meantime! O'Reilly  is a proven sex offender, loser and gone from Fox! Manafort will flip! Probably Flynn, too! There is a very long list of potential 'flippers'! Trump is sick! Shame on his staff! Shame on GOP! Are they so desperate for a paycheck that they are willing to sell their souls?? How can they sleep at night? They can't!! GOP hates Trump! Period! But now what...? USA gets nuked because insane trump doesn't think before he speaks or listens to his generals!? Generals, I say don't walk, RUN!!!
He Looks forward, looks forward. hears all around! Long live President Donald Trump!!!
He said he reads a lot!!! WHAT A JOKE!!! This asshole can't read!!!
He does have a fox on his head
He was the worst president ever! FUCK BARRY!
Hey, Reilly, Al Franken is NOT despicable.
He watches way too much television, rather than listening to his advisers, listening to the NSA advisers, listening to the daily update, which he decided he didn't need, because Fox News gave him everything he needs to know?  I don't think so.
Who in hell is this guy???  When does he start talking facts???
OMG
Trump is funny. He is out of his league.
why can't Trump speak with facts? When he starts talking w/o facts, he looses his focus and shows that he has no clue of how to speak with high level words and diplomacy.... He continues to show how inadequate he is for the presidential role. He only shows how ignorant and illiterate he is on the subject of politics, lacks national/international demeanor-diplomacy. When he feels threatened, his inner child comes out and throws a tantrum. That only shows how ignorant and unprepared he is for this role...he is just a puppet, a clown entertaining the world. He has not accomplish anythings, so far.
You can do what you think!!!!!! You are an ass!!!!
You are an ass Trump!!!!!!!
Fucking ass Trump!!!!!!!!!!
Need one say more?
What a couple of psychos.
They love Russland,maybe Obama will move to Russland`?Obama must respectere THE PRESIDEN.T
MY 5  YEAR OLD IS MORE ARTICULATE THAN THIS THUG!

" LOOK AT THE LIE, LOOK AT THE LIE, LOOK AT THE..." PLEASE SEND THIS TOUPEE-FACED TO SIBERIA
OBAMA'S REGIME? LOLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL!
1949 ? WHERE DID HE READ THAT! IF HE EVER READS ANYTHING.
Kinder garden talk:
He is weak, He is .. He is ... stop repeating words like a retard.. GIVE US SOME PROOF!
O'Reilly...hard to "ignore the former President when you're having to clean up all his doodoo messes in government before you can go forward to MAGA!! obama could never be compared to President Trump, because he never LOVED AMERICA LIKE PRESIDENT TRUMP LOVES IT...President Trump doesn't TAKE from America like the obama's did...he gives gives gives!!! HE IS phenomenal!!!!! I AM SO PROUD OF OUR PRESIDENT TRUMP...and V P PENCE!!!
Trump is a fucking joke.
Donald pls suck my D and keep your mouth closed
Trump just jealous because Obama better president then him
orange face is on the defensive blame the press he tells so many lies trump he forgets to tell the trump he insulted john mc cain
Trump you'll BITCH!!!!!
Where is O'Reilly We need him to come back.
all I can say now is, what an IDIOT WE HAVE IN OFFICE NOW.
GOD DAMN!!! What an ugly nasty face!!!
Whos the Boss?
When the Lord made man, all the parts of the body argued over who would be boss.
The brain explained that since he controlled all the parts of the body, he should be boss. The legs argued that since they took man wherever he wanted to go, they should be boss. The stomach countered with the explanation that since he digested all the food, he should be boss. The eyes said that without them man would be helpless, so they should be boss. Then the asshole applied for the job. The other parts of the body laughed so hard at this that the asshole became mad and closed up.
After a few days
The brain went foggy, the legs got wobbly, the stomach got ill, and the eyes got crossed and unable to see. They all conceded and made the asshole boss.
This proved that you dont have to be a brain to be boss
Just an Asshole.
'' I read a lot ''  :   He doesn't know how to read !  New York Times has been printed  since September 18, 1851  and it is not because the predictions of  a clown that they will  stop printing in two years from now !  Ha ha ha !  Trump :  the most laughed president of all time !
Trump IS exactly what he falsely accuses Obama of being: THE worst president in the history of the U.S. ... Ineffectual, uninformed, dishonest.
He didn't even answer the questions... all he did was complain about the "dishonest media" and how he was attacked
OBAMA IS A SCUMBAG ANTI AMERICAN, BORN IN AFRICA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Oh poor Donald.   Look at what's happening now ... Dumb ass man has about as much being in the White house as a Bull in a China Shop.
Trump is talking about his self.  He calls President Obama the worst President is a joke...whose worse than Trump
If this isn't a perfect example of  The Pot Calling the Kettle Black!  and although I didn't vote for President Obama, I will say that He has more compassion and cares more for this country than Trump ever has or ever will!  and as far as people telling lie's, Trump has to pay people to back him and his lie's up! but it don't matter because him and his body of yes men will pay in the end! In fact it will be poetic justice when he and his group of yes men come across there brick wall, the one that keeps them out of Heaven!
Gosh shut the fuck up
Trump is so wrong. Trump does not know anything and Obama is right. Trump does not know anything about politics he is a arrogant, stupid, uneducated man in every way. Can't talk, can't read, can't put a proper thought together or take it all the way to the end.
Yeah. You wish trump - you're not fit to even speak President Obama's name -  you are a terrible example of a human being
Having a myriad of foreign bank accounts and business transactions is hardly the same as harboring a basic or even rudimentary knowledge of foreign policy jackass.
If Trump accused Hillary of one thing it would be thank you very much.
The very FBI Director Trump accused Hillary of hating...HE FIRED JAMES COMEY. TRUMP IS A FIVE YEAR OLD IN AN ADULT BODY.
Theo utmost danger Lies in the name and significans. Of the presidency in the world. IT is now smeared beyond belief.
Trump is real
We have a Fuckin Circus Clown for Commander and chief... America is a big Joke now
i still laugh at you fools who voted for trump
TRUMP BEST PRESIDENT EVER! #MAGA
I'm part of the GOP that actually has a fucking brain. This man ran his mouth about what he'd do for healthcare and how we wouldn't pay a dime for the wall and all this bullshit and within 6 months you see he is just so pathetically unqualified. Obamacare is too integrated, and at best it will be tweaked, it will not be repealed. We will fund every cent for that wall, guaranteed. His followers will blindly support him no matter what because in their minds they'd rather be in ruins with him then to have a black president. I hated obama for his policies, I was shocked at how many blatantly disliked him because he wasn't white, it was so obvious. Kasich would have been a great choice for president, level headed, he spearheaded Ohios opiate crisis which was the worst in the nation, and he rebuilt their economy into one of the strongest. Seeing so much of the GOP oppose him proves he isn't going to work out, I'm sick of seeing people call others traitors for not blindly supporting this asshat.
OMG, what a narcissistic MORON!!!!!!   Trump is the biggest liar, worst POTUS, EVER!  The world is laughing at us.   And how would being "friends" w Russia prevent them from fulfilling their  greedy agenda?   Trump doesn't understand who he is dealing with in Putin.   And he speaks like a 5 year old having a fucking tantrum.    Narcissists are know for projecting their own shortcomings onto others, and never stop aggrandizing themselves.     Poor baby, "I was viciously attacked...".  Trump is the KING of viciously attacking people.    He does it every time he opens his mouth, and the attacks are always lies lies lies.
President Obama was voted the 12th best President ever. Should have been higher. I've read a lot of the comments on this website and it's really sad that most of the people nasty comments pertains to good ole fashion racism. I don't care if the President is red, yellow, black or white, just do what's best for the country. Democrat, Republican or Independent, can you honestly say that? or are youjust rooting for your party. Trying to pull this country togetherwill never happen, at least not in my lifetime. Also worst President ever! STOP THE MADNESS!
Trump demonstrating what an absolute ranting and raving buffoon he is. He's not even being evasive. He simply has no idea how to construct a coherent sentence, and doesn't understand basic questions that are presented to him. He doesn't even realize that he's constantly repeating himself. His mind is gone.
All you do is wach your self on tv you idiot
Trump* is such a fucken idiot.
Obama drop dead
Crimea? They didn't take it over. They took it back. It was Russia's until they gifted it to an allied entity that no longer exists. We would have done the same thing.
Always an idiot. Simpleton.
You're both CRIMINALS and should be jailled with your wealth redistruted to the one in need! If ever you get out of jail, which I hope, you should be both pennyless!
"He reads a LOT and watches a LOT..." .. do you have any farking time to do your farking job?!
An ASS!
Trump you and that racist Bill O Reilly are scum. All that you have to do is criticize Obama.
Fantastic,tremendous,terrific,highest,greatest,GOODMAN- FLYNN,MOST-QUALIFIED   Cabinet since  memorable  ABRAHAM  LINCOLN  with  all these SUPERLATIVES  can't get    anything DONE  in     seven   months  ??????????      ( PAY   YOUR TAXES NOW  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! )
Trump you sorry soul
Lies. Trump is a lying joke and everybody knows it
Vomit 
Trump you are a stupid idiot fat ass clown. Your not my president, you shouldn't be allowed to breath air you evil fuck!
Oh obama is weak? Ur a fucking Orange joke mother fucker
Trump! The stupidest man walking!
Boy! does he know more about Russia!
Obama's criticism doesn't matter.  It's Trump's Obstruction of Justice, Abuse of Power, and other potential crimes that matter.
You know about Russia?  Really?  Tell us about it.  Just tell us: how much money did you get from them in your businesses?  They will be the worst...  "Let me focus you back. "  Press is dishonest? You attacked military service and a moms  personal loss for our country
when you and no one in your blood lines has ever served or made any sacrifice.  Mr. President, you don't know what public service is.
WOW!!! PEOPLE ACTUALLY GOT OUT OF THEIR HOMES TO VOTE FOR THIS THING. A LOT OF AMERICANS ARE NOT INTELLIGENT AT ALL. TRUMP IS A FRAUD AND A LOT THIS FOOLS WOULD NOT REALIZE IT UNTIL THEY ARE TAKEN.. GOODNESS!!! WHAT A MESS
Donald is the only President who's not afraid of people. He is doing is best to lead a country out of corruption and criminality..
This man just answers with a whole bunch of ignorance.
cant believe the american people voted for this dumbshit hell i should of been elected least i dont have twitter oh wait i do brain fartjust like trump has 24/7 lmao
Worst public speaker ever
You attack everybody and you can't take it when its the other way around
 CRYBABY
Biggest lier and conman
Trump you are a douche bag
Trump beats up his former wife oriley wife left him because he beats her. Oriley and trump drinking out of the same cup same time with two straws so I hear people's saying they are longtime homosexuals.
All you can do is laugh at this guy.
Immature, crass, ignorant.  Behaves and speaks like a 9 year old boy.  We are in so much trouble.
Everything trump says and thinks is what he himself thinks about himself. he is a phony and an idiot. he thinks that everything has to be fought with loud words and anger. he has no diplomacy. you are the coward trump. you eat too many twinkies.
First off Obama it is not YOUR COUNTRY it is OURS! Trump vs Obama is NO CONTEST.  
TRUMP is the Greatest President in US History and Obama is the WORST.
Fox and Trump: IDIOTS ON PARADE. BIGOTS PARADING BIGOTRY. useless
Go fuck yourself trump!!!
Obama is pathetic
Wait until you go to collect your 72 virgins !!
Trump is contemptuous of humor.
I'm STILL Waiting for America To Be Great Again.
Well, Donnie It's now 2017 & you're a failure as president!

Oh, by the way, Bill, you & Fox have also failed by now
now we see that you are the big liar and know nothing about how to act presidential ,the white house is full of  clowns ,6 months and still you got nothing done
You are just describing yourself stupid.  Coming to your mouth are all lies.  You are always very negative moron!
The best this pumpkin president could do was to make sexual innuendo at a boy scout jamboree.
God can't believe what I am hearing. Trump you are the worst President ever in the history of the world not only in US.  You can't compare yourself with president Obama.
i agree with trump
Two,large slime bags whose day of reckoning will come!
Trump is a crude, crass, woefully uninformed individual who is in no way fit to be president of this country. The fact that he will appear nowhere but Fox 'News" says it all.
He knows nothing as we saw at the G-20 and how he pushed a world leader...
"i think Obama was the worst president in history..." this is our new president world
I have never hated someone as much as I hate you Donald Trump. Your numbers are the worst ever by a president 6 months into your ONLY term. You will not be re-elected and I cannot wait to see you crash and burn. You will pay for you what have done. What kind of wacko uses Twitter at 3 in the morning, insulting people, etc. And for a rich guy from a rich family you have zero class. Burn in hell you psycho bastard. You are not my president and it shames me to be an American because of you. I hate you!!!
If any one thinks Obama  is good  then you are as evil as he and Hillary are. You belong in jail with them.   Hillary has been personally involved in over 40 murders  Obama is not even an American citizen and has committed crimes everyday he walks the streets in USA      OBAMA NEEDS TO BE HUNG   HILLARY NEXT TO HIM ON LAWN IN D.C.   together these two belong to the group that kill 1 million children a year to run the world, open your eyes you unintelligent misfits of demonic spawn.
Notice the Muslim symbols behind President Jihad.
Look where we are now.....
Trump. Walking, talking, scumbag.
Donald Trump . . . . You are a horse's ass.
Bill he didn't say anything terrible - he commented on the 2nd class citizens women are in Muslim countries and that maybe that's why she did not speak. Her husband could have responded with "my wife is so broken hearted over our sons death that it is hard for her to speak." But no instead he continued to attack President Trump.
The fact that you have committed Treason . . .
Entitled Jimmy Carter worst president ever now supplanted by Barack Obama, !what an honor
trump is racsit and sxist against women.
trump does not speak well.you sound like a second grader 7 year old and your dishonest.
THIS MAN IS A JOKE.
OMG,trump your a Dick ,your the worst president in the entire nation, So fk You treasonous trump traitor ...your a nutjob!
I know you are, but what am I?
This freaking idiot is on the way out......so get a box of popcorn pop open a can and kick your feet up the circus is leaving town in handcuffs
lol it's always someone else's fault...never his fault....I am sorry this man is the lowest piece of human trash there is.
lol dumpster knows nothing about everything.  President Obama did a great job.....it was Congress that was the worst sort of representation of the people not Obama....Congress (the repubs) are nothing but traitorous crooks and have their hands out to the highest bidder and dumpster and his family are all traitors.
TRUMPEE YOU ARE THE VERY WORSE PRESIDENT THAT THIS COUNTRY HAD EVER HAD. 
YOU ARE A P.O.S
AND BEFORE YOUR FINISHED WITH YOUR 200 DAYS I PRAY YOU ARE FINALLY IMPEACHED!! 
AND GET YOUR ASS OUT OF OFFICE!!
YOU AND YOUR FAMILY ARE GOING DOWN!!!
What a disaster
wonderful idea to get along with Russia....have the head of the Russian Mafia live one floor below you at Trump Tower...OReilly gone.....Trump next!
shup up you fucking stupid toy let us how u restore crimea  u fool bussinessman
Obama should be cuffs ... war criminal
This message i sent on 7-24-2017. It's 6 months of Dummy Trump corrupt admittstration ..Bill O' Dumb is gone and Dummy Trump bit his tongue or running his stupid mouth like allways. Taking about all time low a 38% of Dumb Trump in the month July 24 2017 ...that's worst then the Nixon admittstration and nothing is accomplish. This Dummy Trump needs to resign or impeach. This elephant in the white house got to go... It's over..Lights out Mr. Trump. Who is he...GOOD QUESTION?
why did you let him get started?
Let me refocus you back. LMAO refocus him bill.
Billy Connolly, amongst billions of others,is absolutely correct; Trump is a cunt.
Idiot talking
Sooooooo hes the worst president in the countries history??? Your a flop Trump... Fuck off... Oh wait, you want to work with Russia is what you said in this video but now your saying there is no way you would have any thing to do with Russia...  Trump please go fuck yourself.
and you're the most unpopular PIECE OF SHIT in office muthafucker!!
If Trump cant handle criticism, he needs to find a new job!
Shut up crook, in bed with Russia and now the Good fellas Scaramucci who talked bad about you and now you're so desperate you hired him to speak for you. ....Bill knows how to lie like dump does its all rigged. The New York Times is still around
It really worries me to have this idiot as our president......emotionally unstable and totally uneducated.
LOL  everything trump is saying here about president Obama, is an exact description of trump now 7-22-2017!  The polls say trump is the worst president in all of American history!
trump is out of his league when it comes to Mr. OBAMA in any way shape or form.Let's put it this way:Mr. Obama epitomizes
CLASS;trump wallows in pig slop!
SHUT THE F**K UP YOU MORON...
Trump is #worstpresidentinushistory. Trump has been weak , ineffective and has failed in everything he has tried. Except getting Gorshit nominated. Trump is a liar and most likely a traitor selling US to the Russians.
Obama is the worse thing that ever happened to this nation.
Donald Trump is the smartest person that has ever been in the office of President.  Just don't barf at his actual stupidity.  What an arrogant SOB.  So during Trump's presidency, we have numerous people threatened to lose health care, we have numerous people being destroyed so that the billionaires get a tax break.  Trump is a weak blustering wanna be dictator.
And so says the current president who will go down as the most hated and ineffectual president in history...
Human garbage is unpresidential garbage.
"I read a lot". LOL!!!!!!!!!!! Trump couldn't read a comic book.
Donald Trump. The biggest idiot in the world.
"Woefully unprepared". Lol. Bigly understated.
I loved it
People hate the truth. Donald trump tells the truth. Obama is the worst president in US history!
Trump is weak, a man with no soul and knowledge , a clown to a nation, worst human been in politics
facts are as follows:
B.Clinton convicted Rapist who lost his lawyer license
Hillary gave 20% uranium to Russia
Clinton foundation caught attempting to steal children from hati
podesta Hillary camp mgr involved in spirit cooking
B.Clinton ducks secret svs to go to an island to rape children and Hillary has np with it
Trump makes crack bout grabbing @%%& -bad male joke
trump tweets because corporate network news refuses to report complete accurate news and he doesn't use a TV prompter
Trump is not liked by corporate media or the central banks and especially hated by Hollywood.
doesn't this bother any of you people??  is there no one of you at least bothered by these truths???
are any of you parents??  any of you care?  you all are what's wrong with this.  look at this childish name calling from you.  are you all so blinded with hate that no matter what these people do you will accept their rhetoric and ignore their actions??  close your ears and watch what they do...see what is discovered about them and see if they actually have done anything good.  I bet the majority of you do that know what the TTP is and how it has aversely  affected our country and our fellow citizens.
if we don't get on the right side of these and other issues, countries will band together and destroy us.
Obama is the worst president ever.  He is a traitor and should be behind bars.  He also has stolen lots of money from the american people.  President Trump should not waste his time with Obama just put him in jail.
Trump will prove himself to be the worst ever president
YOU SUCK SO BAD THE TRUTH IS COMING OUT ABOUT YOUR FAMILY YOUR A MESS
HE IS A RACSIT SEXIST BULLY! and have you EVER seen ANYONE So terrified of the press?!
Make America Great Again
Trump's has no clue
Projecting much?
Correction..Trump is the most horrible president in our history not to mention the hugest prevaricator ever. CNN is not suffering low ratings like that awful apprentice show.   And now he has the lowest rating of any president ever.     Trump is failing. He is one huge failure.
look at the big orange oompa loompa have a hiffy wiffy tempee tampee. lmfao truth hurts huh great orange moron.
thank god we got rid the antichrist Obama trump is a smart man that stands up for america
As I said many times before TRUMPY IS NOT GOOD ENOUGH TO SHINE PRESIDENT OBAMA >>>> TRUMPY it is now 7/16/2016   >>>>>>> trumpy after 6 months of you being in the oval office you have done NOTHING NOTHING NOTHING because you are too stupid to do any thing SMART like OBAMA did.
such an evil and ugly soul
http://assets.pewresearch.org/wp-content/uploads/sites/12/2017/07/14123609/FT_17.07.17_TrumpTrumpsratings.png
if  the iraq inquiry does not go ahead....so  U.K  will collapse  like USS
Trump is a complete idiot!  Obama is weak?  Obama is so intelligent, classy and  the best President America could have!  Haha Trump reads a lot, what a joke!  Enquirer and Fox News!  He sounds like a big spoiled baby!
America LOVES President TRUMP! Obama is a race baiting traitor scumbag NWO GLOBALIST ASSHOLE who has DESTROYED AMERICA!
Oreilly and Trump who mopped up the slime afterwards these men are without embarrassment they have no shame or even a concept of honour
Obama needs to be picked up and arrested along with Hilary Clinton. He was the worst President in over 250 years. He's a Muslim and all he is focused on is to bring in terrorists and people who can take over our homes, people, kill all of us infidels. Isn't that what the Radical Islamic Jihadists call us?
LMAO Trump is an idiot.  Even Bill O'Reilly had to get him refocused on the initial question. Hilarious.
OMG NOBODY DARE QUESTION TRUMP!!!     FUCK OFF
how fuckin stupid can Trump be!!!
TRUMP IS ALL ABOUT HIMSELF!!!
whether its the President or him
WE ALL NEED POINTY GHOSTS!!!!(Steve Bannon?)
Don't mess with Al!
Love my President Donald J Trump!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
who the heck is this losert obama that wrecked our country and is the worst president ever in our history, that he thinks he can say ANYTHING about PRESIDENT Trump!!!
This idiot runs his mouth like a knapsack sprayer. Obama took 3 minutes to construct a sentence while he uses 30sec to construct a fucking foolish paragraph. This is what disaster is...
TRUMP IS SUCH AN AWAFULL PERSONN!!!
Why was Obama talking as if Trump just killed someone. Such a deceitful president taking opportunity to politically attack by exaggerating. The guy attacked Trump; He knew well if you play with fire - YOU GET BURNED!
Trump's act is to always dive deeper & deeper into the sewer.
Trump's response....I don't care about Trump's response. I don't want to see his face or hear his voice. Trump you are a baby. You don't know far more about anything than Obama does. And, now you went to Russia and want to have a cyber fix relationship with Russian. 
Grow up, Donald!
why are we putting up with all these truth about Oboma and Hillary? They are in guilty and they get a pass to compete  their Crimes? People that competit  murder go to prison but if you are XPRESIDENT and his side kick Hillary !, Why? This is so Wrong! Needs to Stop! I do not wait to live under come stick Law! No one's  is hearing the truth that that is what will happen if they continue this out cry on President Trump! They need to stop and hear what Oboma Did! So shut. the funk Up! GROW UP, YOU ARE ADULTS SO START ACTING LIKE IT! Just stop it before something does Happen!  Because you started all these Stories! I don't want to die but you all are killing us off!
Does this guy ever stop with the bs
Obama is just jealous. Go Trump, your a GREAT President. Dont let them get to you, And I know u wont. Karma will get them
Oslober WAS THE WORST PRESIDENT EVER!!!!!
What I say - THANK GOD - FOR DONALD J. TRUMP - AND WHY - IS OBUMMER STILL IN THIS COUNTRY? OBAMA IS A DEMENTED - WORST E V E R - SO-CALLED PRESIDENT!
True, everyone knew he was attacked and he had a right to stand up for himself, if he didn't then maybe some would've said "don't want another weak President". All in All, in the end, He/We/America Lived Happily Ever After!
I'm proud of President Trump! He has done more for America and Americans! He at least Loves America! Obama needs to pay for all his crimes! You that slander President Trump can just go to HELL! 
trump is a weak leader. all talk no action.
Drumpf is simply disgusting. Yuck.
Trump you are describing yourself. Good job. It's the first truth you are capable of; to describe yourself.
Obama was the worse PRESIDENT ever
You mean PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP responds to FORMER PRESIDENT OBAMA????
Woefully unprepared to allow America to become a socialist nation. Thank God for Donald Trump!
Like this fool did?
Trump is a loserrrrrrrrrrrrrr President.  Trump is the worst President in the history of the United States and a true embarrassment to country.
the  gold star father was part of the  muslim brotherhood and very involved with the clintons. his son died so maybe he was a plant or an informer  or a traitor  for the muslim brotherhood. liars!
Obama should take that American Flag off his lapel, and place the Muslim flag there. Trump is correct, Obama is the worst president of the history of the USA. The more one learns about Obama it get worse and worse, going down in history as the darkest Soul ever to command the USA presidency.
the Douche Trumpist has the intellect, vocabulary and consciousness of a 3 year old. Always deflecting, gas-lighting, always viciously attacked, always the victim and so much the textbook Narcissist! Obama is the perfect contrast to the buffoon I previously mentioned; he was the best President this country has seen and heard. He took care of us, he did what was needed to keep the country moving forward. He was not weak but patient and had to judiciously choose his battles. Obama is a highly intelligent, well spoken, deeply conscious, true world leader who knows how to communicate on a level that can be understood and appreciated and felt by everyone with a heart. He was unfairly portrayed and maligned throughout his 8 year presidency, but then what is poli/tics; but a constellation of multiple blood sucking leeches ...
Obama was a horrible president, now he is a worse ex president. This Bill asshole is a jerk. Obama is scary he's a stalker. Doesn't he realize if anything happens to Trump he can't get his job back. Bill quit trying to stir up the shit. It's over, give the guy a break. We know you love Obama but it's over. Get over yourself Trump is right you need a psychiatrist.
Is Mr. Trump like King Cyrus?
Mr. Trump is not like King Cyrus  as many Christians are saying But he is like Nimrod who thought he could over throw heaven by building a tower. Everything Trump stands for is against what Jesus stands for. He thinks he has impressed God & man by bragging about all the towers he has build & that will get him into heaven! 
Like most  Christians today who are carnally minded -  Romans 8:6-10 - enmity against God! That is why a lot of Christians voted for Trump they like the way he thinks & is living & taking advantage of others.
Hypocrites - Pastors living in luxury being supported by their followers while many of them are having trouble keeping a roof over their head. Crying out about all the abortions that are happening while they abort Jesus in their hearts by not keeping the commandments of God! Wordshipping what mans hands has created like Eiffel's Tower & his Statue of Liberty or Trump's Towers! Not turning the other cheek but hitting back like Trump's tweets  lies   torture or kill their enemy instead of praying for them! Like Trump wanting to bring back waterboarding or have Snowen killed for treason!
Mr.Trump thinks it is OK to covet your neighbors wife & goods. He even covets is own daughter! Brags about his sins then whats to blame them on others! Like Trump telling his wife Billy Bush cause him to speakout all his locker-room talk when Jesus said what comes out of your mouth comes from your heart not from someone urging you on { 2 Tim. 3:1-5 - -1 But mark this: 1-There will be terrible times in the last days. 2-People will be lovers of themselves, lovers of money, boastful, proud, abusive, disobedient to their parents, ungrateful, unholy, 3-without love, unforgiving, slanderous, without self-control, brutal, not lovers of the good, 4-treacherous, rash, conceited, lovers of pleasure rather than lovers of God - 5-having a form of godliness but denying its power. Have nothing to do with such people. } Trump's locker-room talk was bragging & admitting to sexual abuse of women & so called Chirstians voted him in office because someone phophesied he would win! }-
There is more Fake News out to make Mr.Trump lusting after married woman & his own daughter look good again! Trump is the swamp so how can he drain it - as it would destroy him! You are one sick person that needs Jesus in your life if you are believing all the fake news about Mr.Trump. Most Christians voted for him because they would rather kill their enemy then pray for them. Like the Crusades who were told that by killing their enemy they would take back the Holy Land & go to heaven! Jesus said that his Kingdom was not of this world but most Christians would disagree with Him!
Many Wars have been fought over religious beliefs but not one on God's Love - Jesus Said - Love your enemies & do good to them which hate you - Bless them that curse you & pray for them which despitefully use you - turn the other cheek - Blessed are the merciful, for they will be shown mercy - Everyone who hates his brother is a murderer & you know that no murderer has eternal life abiding in him - as ye would that men should do to you, do ye also to them likewise - Trump is opening himself up so anyone can use the old testament as a means to kill his neigbour - An eye for an eye & a tooth for a tooth & both the old & new testament as a reason to own slaves again { Slaves in reverent fear of God submit yourselves to your masters, not only to those who are good & considerate, but also to those who are harsh! } America is heading to another civil war because of religious beliefs & Trumps Sickness! But Not on God's Love! - ISIS is killing others over their religious beliefs so shouldn't they be able to continue to do so under Trumps new law! I'm sure Trump & many others would like to have sex slaves or more than 1 wive after all Abraham started 2 nations with his wive & her handmaiden & Jacob started a nation by his 2 wives & their handmaidens that has become many nations just as God told Adraham he would be the father of many nations was fulfilled when 10 lost tribes never returned to the promised land but have become other nations in other lands & have been fighting amongst themselves ever since. Just as Jesus started the Christian movement based on Love & many religious teachings not just the Jewish ones has now become many forms of religious beliefs & they too have been fighting amongst themselves! That is why the Jewish leaders hated Jesus He was trying to destroy their way of thinking  An eye for an eye & a tooth for a tooth & replace it with Love instead. Most Christians are not walking in love that is why they voted Trump in office!  He is - An eye for an eye & a tooth for a tooth type of person - not like the type of person in { 1 Corinthians 13:4-7  NIV - 4-Love is patient - love is kind. It does not envy - it does not boast - it is not proud. 5-It does not dishonour others - it is not self-seeking - it is not easily angered - it keeps no record of wrongs. 6-Love does not delight in evil but rejoices with the truth. 7-It always protects - always trusts - always hopes - always perseveres. }
The 1st Nation people should of build a wall to keep out people like Mr.Trump who is making America Hate the wrong things again! The 1st illegal immigrants like Mr.Trump killed their enemies instead of praying for them! & then pushed 1st nation people onto reservations enslaved Black people  & then called themselves Christians! Mexicans where here in America long before people like Mr.Trump was! I'm a Christian & God has showen me the stupidy of all of this! They did not do unto others as they would want done to themselves! Now more than ever we need Gods Help to protect ourselves from ourselves. { Hosea 4-6 - My people are destroyed from lack of knowledge. "Because you have rejected knowledge, I also reject you as my priests; because you have ignored the law of your God, -{ 1st Love God then love your neighbour as yourself } I also will ignore your children.}-
Guess what if you can't  love God you will not be able to love your neighbour or yourself! When God took His spiritual hands off of the people in the bible they turn on each other killing their own people { 1 Samuel 14:20  +  Judges 7:22  +  2 Chronicles 20:23  +  Isaiah 19:2  +  Ezekiel 38:21 } now do you think - this is Gods Love causing theses people to turn against each other or Satan's hate for man! They even ate their own children when God drew back His Spirit. Read your Bible. Not to long ago a homosexual killed & ate his own partner  was this God.s Love that caused him to do this  I love you so much I could eat you  how often have you heard people say that!  Satan put Mr.Trump in the white house to start another civil war in USA. A war of hate of man  man against man  Satans hate of man for not wordshipping him! Satan is the God of this world who is causing man to hate his neighbour - not Jesus - but Yeshua does want to be the God of your world! Say yes to Jesus!
Trump is an ignorant buffoon and now everyone knows it, including his supporters who make excuses for his lunacy.  Mr Trump, you are going down as the worst president in American history thus far.......However I can't imagine anyone being worst that you!
TERRIFYINGLY ANGRY THING
Stop waffling Obama, ur good at talking but can do nothing
Obama sunk america and people are too stupid to figure out all the money for illegals and gave all our money away. It doesn't take a brain scientist to figure this out. Trump is GREAT. A better president then Obama by far.
Coming from a Gold Star Mother  , Obama has no clue . Wasn't Obama the one that made a Marine hold an umbrella for him ? He never salutes our soldiers ? Obama & all his ILK can go to BLAZES !
PRESIDENT TRUMP is very bright and knows what he's doing there's a lot of people that can give a good speech and are charming that doesn't mean their honest
OBAMA IS TRYING TO STEAL THE PRESIDENCY
His speaks more poorly then George W....grammar and enunciation
8 year old millionaire. 
Donald trump is a Nut case. 
one pussy greabber is gone the other pussy grabber is on his way!!!!
The worst President of USA is Trump  ever . ever....
OBAMBO
Wow............. Democracy at it worse taste
Well said Obama. Trump is a joke.
Mohammed garner, you can't talk to these infantile idiots. They don't even know there are many different types of Muslims just like there are many different types of christians and the worst being the fundamentalist christians who try to instill their hate against everyone that doesn't think like them. They are the Christian taliban. There are Catholics, protestants, methodists, Presbyterian, baptist, ...etc.. can you imagine if we went after Christianity because of a terrorist who was Christian..( Timothy mcveigh?) would we bomb the us tbut try and get rid of him? Ofcourse not! These people who say all Muslims or Islam is evil, are a bunch of non thinkers who have no empathy whatsoever. You can talk to them u til you are blue inthe face , they will never change their minds which are controlled by a pea sized brain with an underactive amygdala! They are the dangers to society because of their dogmatic thinking! It's embarrassing even reading their juevenille blanket statements.
Wouldn't it be nice if you just ignored him?" Says o'reilly,Shrivel face little spoiled narcissistic trump could never ignore anything, lord god, look at him now! He's like a baby throwing a tantrum every single day." He can't even take the fact that people utterly hate him! He tweets like a man who is jobless, goes after anyone who calls him out on his bullshit as a liar and makes grandiose statements with adjectives like , THE BEST, the biggest in history, the greatest, the tamest ever, this guy is so freaking discusting to call our president, its shameful! He is nothing but a giant douche! Uuugh, no wonder we get such a bad name all around the world as being stupid. This is not helping our image. He is going to destroy e erything and still the workingman defends him and every rude, crude, wrong and idiotic statement that which comes from his little tiny asshole looking mouth. Asshole face is a disgrace to this country either democrat or republican alike. He is , if I were to speak like trump, " the absolute worst, the most stupidest, fake news falling, liar in history." Sadly this will be recorded in history as one of the worst eras in American history.Get your emotions out of politics, look at his policys( or what he wants to do.)(thank god, no one likes him and they have stood steadfast in petitioning all of his right wing bullshit) this guy is a reality star clown, who desperately needs to pick on people in order to make himself feel better! He is textbook narcissism, and I bet his penis is the size of a pinkie. Micro penis, asshole mouth just dribbles shit off of his tongue all day while his sycophant gang of rejects lap it up! preserve, protect, and defend the constitution of the United States??? You have got to be kidding me!! Follow the money Donald dumb!!
why isn't Obama in prison for impersonating the POTUS?
Dishonest Obama is skinny brain and corrupt hold with Hillary and the leftist/muslim bunch
Gold star family is not Obama with his Trany.  Obama's Muslim lousy speech and is the worst president in our history!!!!
The only"facts" are Barry, we don't know anything about you and your family, your history, your schooling, your wife, your children!  Every single fact about you is unknown!  We the people are sooooo sick and tired of you trying to destroy this country you "claim" to support.  I won't even say you claim to love this country, because simply by your actions, this is a TOTAL lie!  Your hatred for this country is despicable, disgusting and treasonist!  I can only hope that the simple truth will be found about you and your family and you will someday be held accountable for all the destruction you have cause and are responsible for!!!
Trump, absolutely no substance just a dog, chasing his tail. He can't read but I'm sure he watches a lot. Did he say the despicable Al Fraken, Oh you pro Trumper. THAT was a Trump sound byte!
"I read a lot" bullshit.
when all eles fails blame blame blame clinton obama
listen to this clown Donald duck what a pussy
Trump the best president
One says "he appears" , still a polite statement , the other man goes for it , attacks the POTUS , glorifies himself by saying" I know better "even if at the time he had no experience. Now my dear republicans , tell me if what I am saying is wrong , will you deny that what I just described is whats happening on this video? .
Trump's foreign policy sucks. He doesn't have a clue...He thought he sent cruise missiles to Iran. These two idiotic Dinosaurs. Trump you do alot of things in your imagination...unfortunate!
Wow, TRUMP called Obama the worst president in our history?  Trump, who actually IS the worst president ever.  IMPEACH.
waiting to see the vicious attack... this man is a cunt face Bitch
this man is delusional and a disgrace
love this truth
TRUMP IS THE BIGGEST LIE + fake news IN THE WORLD!
1/2 black idiot that is the worst president that America will ever have..
looney tunes network
I doubt Trump could find Crimea on a map.
One would think that the KGB would equip his agent with a much better grasp of the English language. Must have been done in a hurry that they settled with a span of less than 200 words..... SAD!
SHUT TRUMP UP!
Trump is an idiot!  He's a liar and he thinks he's the smartest president.  Trump is the greatest liar of all time.
This guy is so SCARY....karma trump....
Trump doesn't have a clue about critical issues and Trump is the worst president ever.  This man is causing discord and distrust world wide.
What happened to that idiot kahn? He is no where to be found . Mrs Kahn where are you ?
Since that piece of humangarbage just wont go away, maybe with any luck somebody out there will just have topull aDr.Leo Marvin, and make that looser disappear. But I really don't want to see anybody get into trouble over that sewer slime.So we can all hope that his plane will go down, and that alone would make America much greater. Thenwe could celebrate another huge victory over thereal oppressor here. Anybody with half a brain, or that is not in denial knows that itis Obama/Soros/Clinton, as they are wicked and the epitome of evil.
That Communist Kenyan mumbles to offend the President of the United States Donald Trump.
Obama make one accomplishment! First Black President... that is it !!!!
I think Obama would beat the shit out of Trump if he seen him in the streets
Trump: "I was viciously attacked" 
earlier Trump: "He is the worst president in the history of our country, he is weak, he is ineffective, this so-called recovery is setting record lows."
what a moron,
Wish people would leave our pussy grabbing president alone.
Always Making excuses for yourself and not giving any apology even when you're obviously wrong are sure signs of narcissism!
Obama is part of satans plan too much proof to it , the true bible talks about this deceiving beast
crazy men
Lol....#45 is too funny!!! 
He's the worst President in history and human.....
Maybe he's not human.  Just another GREEDY and  DIRTY  business alien like the 1%.
#45 is certainly JEALOUS  of a VERY WELL SPOKEN black man that was fair to all Americans no matter their color and he HATES it!

With his bitter uneducated a**!
I love jokes. But he is a really bad one.
Obama run as fast as you can Donald trump will have a seat on the train for you loser
My attack thoughts are attacking my invulnerablitiy.
donald trump is a spoiled brat that came from money....never struggled is his life...he is a  12  year old bully..he has got to go
Trump's response is exactly what I'd expect from mentally disabled human being.  He is clearly a moron and those that think otherwise are delusional.  Obama's comments are mature, thoughtful and truthful.  Trump responds like a troubled 12 year old.  In my world Trump would have been 6 feet under before he was 18.
Totally debased.
WW1 ,2 Vietnam. Rotchild,Lanskij.
Sick.
Totally sick.
DR WArburgh,Sciff,and zoroz.
shalm.
How can Obama be the worst President? Is he worse than Genocide Jackson, who had innocent Native Americans moved on the trail of tears, most of which died? Obama was one of the best presidents this country has ever had!
TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP 
No Obama... The fact that the democrats would prop up a dead soldier's memory for political gains THAT is whats disgusting and disgraceful...
the balls on this sob. lies lies lies. Dude. Take a look in the mirror. I'm no hilldog fan but good lord this dude is a complete idiot.
Obama was hired to destroy america and turn it into a socialist country. 
The banksters don't need america anymore.
I can't wait until this country wakes up and finally IMPEACHES you!  You are a very mean & unqualified man who is only in office because Putin put you there!
You weren't VICIOUSLY attacked!  Only in your mind because you're so delusional! Shame on you! You are non- human & not fit to be in the Oval Office!
Just shut up trump. Just shut up! You aren't a gentleman. Just shut up!  SHUT UP! U shouldn't have done what you did so just SHUT YOUR FILTHY MOUTH!
Prophetic words from Obama.
From treasure to trash!
he didn't act like a President he acted like an offended 7 year old so funny 
This is the most childish immature responses from someone who is supposed to be President.What Obama said is fact Trump is woefully unqualified to do the job and he has no class or decorum with the mentality of a 4th grader. How the fuck did we get here. So asshole O'Reilly thinks Trump is punching down when it comes to himself and Obama, huh I think this is a couple of total losers telling each other how great they are.
What an idiot
AUGUST 2ND BOY HAVE THINGS CHANGED.
Bull S-T  from this Ego maniack.
Donald Drumpf is the worst President in the history of the United States.  He is fixated upon Barack Obama in the same way Nixon was fixated on JFK.  He is a whiny, petulant, thin-skinned man-child totally unfit for the office.
He is a racist, sexist and openly admitted sex offender. He blames everyone else but himself and strikes out at everyone who criticises his behavior and short comings. Totally inept for the job, a Russians stooge and a clown and joke to the rest of the world.
This man is an idiot. Trump is trash with money.
What's abad whale to Captain Ahab?
A narcissist thinks only he is right, that the world revolves around him and cannot handle any criticism and handles it by attack. He can't even handle SNL who has made fun of every President but only Trump wastes weeks threatening and insulting them. He is incapable of not realising he, like everyone, is not perfect. Beware of narcissists as they have no empathy. Trump is a border-line, narcissistic man who cares about no-one but himself. Look up the meaning of a borderline personality and narcissm. He fits the bill.
trump is a dick head we all know that!!
Bill get your head out of your ASS....he's defending himself...just like YOU have to Bill !!!
Trump has more qualifications in his little finger than Barry has in his whole person!!!!!
Bla,bla,bla!   Hussein ,trained muslim liar.
Trump is every thing he says about others
what a blabbering moron.
Bill's gone next is cry baby Donald!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What an embarrassment. This guy is so STUPID. Con man, lier, racist,lier,lier oh did I mentioned LIER.
This Pariah Trump is a shit head moron. Someone should do a number on this pariah.
President Obama America greatest President  very intelligent man of class honesty God bless America best President
God Bless our President Trump! As a Christian Conservative and Black American I can truly say that Trump's victory was by the hand of God and Trump will fulfill his purpose.
We need to vote out the Republicans like o Magoo MCCAINE, TUSHAE TURTLE MITCH MCCONNELL, AND FIVE O'CLOCK SHADOW RYAN.... THEY ARE NOT HELPING THE COUNTRY...and don't deserve their positions!!!
Trump is dangerous
why don't you f**** leave and not come back forever you f**** a**** it's not even fair anymore you're not present in your nobody you're nothing you are worse than your lesson nothing you're the one that's try to ruin this country with the help of George Soros and David Rockefeller and the Rothschilds and all your other son with b**** you all you're doing is your paid traitor you're a paid traitor you're a dim a traitor not to mention your f*** and your wife's not even ever even really been pregnant them aren't even your kids you are a paid Trader you know nothing about politics nothing what you been told by your higher-ups that's all you know so you might as well you might as well be reading from news prompter cuz the same thing that came out of your mouth came out of Heaven reach mouth and I'll tell you if that b** don't bow down if she thinks she's going for another Runner president oh my God she wrong she is wrong you know least I know you can't run you just pissed off because you can't be a dictator or you know what we got better than a dictator now we got some of these going to stick up for us and it's going to be brought this tension about your FEMA camps in about your missiles there and we know you have them stored there something funny with them FEMA camps they remind me too much of Hitler's War camps so Jewish people get ready to go through what you went through before cuz I promise you it's starting and if somebody like if we don't help him if you don't want to help just get ready to go through it again this time he's under too much stress right now and even talk to him how ridiculous I don't know how many drugs they were spraying on us but evidently they were working a lot of stuff they're doing is working you know you need to get your mind out of the gutter stop watching TV quit shut your phone's off and watch one news only this Obama is a traitor he's been a traitor from day one I knew it God told me I could see right through the lines God told me he was a traitor he said you watch what this guy does he's done everything but no there's nothing he hasn't done to take our country down he Unleashed you know I might as well say a billion dollars on the 8th and when he's easy going and going around town printing money giving you the way this guy's got to go away if he doesn't go away so he's going to have to go away please put him in jail you've had to find a way by now he's so dirty and Hilary so dirty too I mean how many toll tags does she have to leave behind to make all her lesbian followers believe I mean they they want to fight they want to act like they're the victims they're not the victim's put me a smart woman in and I'll vote for her get a smart woman a woman with a good head on her shoulders one that's not bad off and I will vote for her every time but they're all about off they're all in the pockets of the Rockefellers and the Rothschilds and the Walmarts which by the way has the third most money in the world other than the Rothschilds and the Rockefellers other than I think the Bill Gates has 80 trillion I'm not sure but that's beside the point don't let them take us out they got nukes laying around laying around Walmart's walk around and try to walk around the back and try to see Walmarts are you going to see his tanks military equipment there's too much time together folks don't be a idiot we're going to let them take her own white house that's what they're trying to do they're taking up time with these b***** investigation that they're getting paid for it's all b***** and we're paying for with our tax dollars this I've had enough this is
-- "We are all prisoners of our own device.". It might be prudent to add "vicious" before "device" in that quote.
DT is the worst man in our world, your turn will come it is in the near future you are the biggest liar in this planet. There is something missing in your brain.
how can someone use so many words and not say anything? amazing
trump IS A TOTAL CUNT !! A PATHETIC EXCUSE OF A MAN AND A FATHER !!!
I can hardly wait for the Democrats and Liberals to see who Obama and Clinton really are. and what kind of tricks they have played on them. Get educated people while there is time. Obama is the great deceiver. You don"t even know his real name. HAHA!
What fucking moron... His first admission to working with Russia...
Go ahead and talk your shit Chump, because that's all you are.
Donald Trump,.... what a clown,..
I could vomit in my own mouth listening you Donald.
What a douche bag this yellow moron is.  What an ugly piece of shit.
"Look what that disaster Obama let Russia do, Obama let the Russians take Crimea just like that...blah blah...but wouldn't it be great if we could be friends with Russia". Make up your fucking mind, IDIOT.
What an abominable pile of human flotsam Trump is.
If you take everything he says about anyone, it comes down to that he is really talking about himself, and O'Reilly could not get further up Trumps ass even if he had help.
OMG, YOU are the worst president in the universe it's so obvious. You embarrassed the United States.
To think, there were those who believed that this "other" Trump, would vanish into the ether to become the man of the moment, I don't know if I should laugh or cry, & watching his cabinet, slavishly fawning over him a day or two back says it all, now THAT was frightening, & ALL educated people......Shame on Trump for not having even tried to become an "improved" version of himself when elected........he clearly is a narcissist with no place in politics
i cant stand stupid ass  Trump he talk like he gots a dick in his mouth
What a fucking total cunt trumpet is, he is thick as shit.  he can't even string two sentences together without repeating himself again and again and...............................................................................cunt.
jajaja the worst president in USA history is YOU Trump and with record time of less than 100 days, if  another worst president came out after you period, had to be your son... but don't think about it, that will never happens.
Idiot
This man has no shame. His only ideal is to line his pockets. Obama presided over one of the most difficult economic recoveries in our history, and Donald is inheriting the benefits of Obama's efforts but he will certainly take credit for it.
are we to listen to the OUSTED Bill O'stupid?
This guy (Trump) is the total disaster.  Poor america.
No disrespect to any Trump supporters or Obama or anyone else in political affairs...

But this is what just happened:

Obama: "I have to do what I have to do. I am not the only one in charge. I am not the only one playing this world in a mind game diplomatic affairs. We have other presidents in the world, we have other leaders that we need to be diplomatic about, find their weakness and attack from there. It's called "Diplomatic Policy" which we have to take pretty seriously. Why do you think we have so much security, so much "Eye" seeing everything, including network? We have to watch out to open doors to our weakness or wounds for our enemies to attack us - and yes, ENEMIES, because no one wants to play "The Good Guy, Make Earth A Better Place" card game, only WEAK and listen, weak countries are doing so. And we can't rely on weak countries. They are already getting attacked from inside and outside. We would merely be giving some of our power and share it with them, and without good results lose both. This is how it is right now, we have to be playing a mind game with everyone. We can't trust anyone, because they don't trust us. We don't know, and we are paranoid - yes, paranoid, because we think every powerful leader would want to be the leader of Earth, and we just have to be careful and strong about this! Diplomacy is at hand!
No one wants WW3. It means the destruction of entire planet. This is the Fear we obide by!"

Trump: "I know exactly what the fuck you are saying Obama. I know exactly what you are saying, you lying piece of shit weakling." and off to answering the journalist.
"He is the worst president ever along with those who signed up for presidency. I am the best, and I will do it in the way of true power. You worry about WW3? I welcome it, because I am so sick and tired of playing this mother fucking mind game.
I know the presidents and leaders I shake hands with aren't to be trusted. I know they are cruel and evil, I KNOOOOW that from my heart, but this is how I am going to play my game. This isn't a 'Win-win' situation for them. It's win-win situation for me, and you will see what I talk about. Do you think I fired comey because he was lying or not even swearing loyalty to me, or even faking the 'tapes'. The tapes don't even make sense. They mean NOTHING. It's just a distraction. I fired him because he was weak. I fired him because he was under you Obama, and I want someone from my own staff. Someone I bred, taught, educated, and a part of my existence, a part of my soul that I can rely on with conscious and confidence - total conscious and confidence, someone that understands my thoughts in future, current, and past. You say this is a mind game policy game we are playing.
You will see how I am going to play it. There are no rules, the only rule is for America to win!"
Child try's to make himself feel better by talking fake shit
Trump is an idiot. An absolute joke. Section him!
Basic knowledge Then why do we allow a people that will not assimilate? Basic Knowledge this is largely a Christian country not Muslim. Assimilate.  Religious, agnostic or atheist . Whatever.
The world is laughing at you USA. Russia did a happy dance when he won for obvious reasons.
OMG,I cant belive this persoon is president of USA
Trump is so lost, so angry, so ignorant, so lost. Please, please, please resign.
Isn't he wonderful? See how Trump is tough on Russia. Of course,, he is kissing their ass.
Obama was right.
what a sick man.
Two WordsAmerica Is Great Again Lol,
Dis- classification very disqualified for the Presidency of Democracy,
I'm hungry Got Pizza The First wife feed him second wife First Lady of ,feeding him pizza toomonkey seemonkey's doo dooI see why?He canceled Michelle Aka Michael L.Robinson Obama south side of CHICAGO School Lunch Wow,Everybody don't have affordable housing market, and health insurance companies,poverty stricken,homelessness living on the streetprogram like zombies on harmfulness prescription drugs and alcohol addiction everyday is partying 24/7 more drop outs than graduate's,no summer jobs for Summer Youth Programs, including elderly woman,men ,stop the violence,stop institutions facility to jailed innocent people's, immigrants who have the right to live lifestyle pleasing and serve
Bill has always been antagonistic toward Trump!! F*CK BILL THE P*SSY
I'm so happy drunken Bill O'Reilly is gone!! He is a total Leftist and DONT COMPARE HIM WITH HANNITY!! Hannity is a great guy and Bill is an egotistical creep!!
"I was viciously attacked! you know. I was viciously attacked"  Whaa Whaa Whaa. big baby speech. lmfao. Donald "The Dump" Trump
PRESIDENT TRUMP IS ABSOLUTELY RIGHT!  WE HAVE SEEN PROOFS OF EVERY PROMISE TRUMP MADE AND THEY ARE COMING TO PASS.  OBAMA ON THE OTHER HAND, IS A SMOOTH TALKER, THAT MESMERIZED PEOPLE WITH HIS EVIL ENERGY BUT WAKE THE HELL UP PEOPLE. HE ALREADY CREATED CHAOS BY CREATING ISIS AND HAVING MANY PEOPLE BEHEADED.  SO, YEA, I AGREE WITH PRESIDENT TRUMP.  OBAMA IS THE WORSE DISQUALIFIED IDIOT THAT THIS COUNTRY HAS EVER HAD FOR A PRESIDENT.  TRUMP IS THE BEST PRESIDENT THAT AMERICA HAS EVER HAD.  IGNORE OBAMA YES, HE IS WORTHLESS AND NO ONE IN THEIR RIGHT MAN WOULD LISTEN TO THIS SCUM BAG TRAITOR!
don the con total lying moron
President Trump has done more then obama has done in his 8 year term. Trump puts Americans first. You can't say the same for obama. It's a pity that libtards don't see how useless ovomit was. Instead of building a wall we need to build a island and send all the libtards to stay on the island.
Fuck off ovomit. Trump 2020
Obama is and was a joke! Trump is a real President that cares for the people not a puppet
remember what he is saying here now look at what he is doing ,he is a fuck face liar and I voted for him because I thought he would put a stop to all the wars ,now look at him he wants to fight with every one
fat pig, even o'reilly knows he's full of hot air
he has gotten fat
Poor TrumpO going down in history has a sick, man/child. Hating himself. Hating the world due to his MENTAL STATE AND DESIRE TO FORM A "DICTATORSHIP" but, the American people WILL NOT ALLOW IT. FUK YOUR PALS PUTIN & DUTERTE OF PHILIPINES. THEY CAN SUCK IT. They probably do! Poor Donald is stupid. Hated by the world. Only Racists love the sick child. They even KILL FOR DONALD. Like Portland, Oregon. Trump said NOTHING. Why? That's his boy! Fat 350 pounds of shit. IMPEACHED SOON .I'd bet he RESIGNS before being horribly embarrassed through the IMPEACHMENT PROCESS. FAT BOY CANNOT HANDLE IT. THE SHAME!!! gf, US Army Veteran, Sgt. 9th Infantry Div. (DISGUSTED) Fuk Trump
Go Donald Trump and to the idiots and all their constituents may you rot in fkn hell for what you have tried to do to this country
TRUMP WILL BE THE BEST PRESIDENT IN MY LIFE TIME NO QUESTION HANDS DOWN...OBAMA BIN LADEN IS A FAKE AND FRAUD AND A  FRAUD AND A PART TIME BROAD!!
Trump is weakening us as a nation. He has no honor or integrity, and he is an ineffectual and inept president.
UCKFAY YOU FOX!!!!  IF I SEE BILL AROUND I WILL KICK HIM WHERE IT HURTS!
K
he schnooked us
ONE DOWN !!! ONE MORE TO GO.
Hahahahahah how'd you Trumpeters feel about this now?
shit the fu k yp donald trump morr like donald duck
No Substance! No Clue! No direction! No business being in Oval Office.
Lol, Bill was trying to give him the opportunity....
you are the worst Mr. Trump.
What a jerk fat orange dump
is
Trump waste alot of time getting angry and upset over criticism instead of doing his job, and taking care of what the country needs.  I been a voter for 50 years now, and every president is make a JOKE OF, poke fun at....cause it the president, so it gets a big audience.........Trouble is Trump's ego too fragile.
DAMNED, FALSE TO DIE AND TREACHEROUS, ANTICRIST !!!!
OBAMA, TAKE OFF YOUR SHOES AND GO BACK, YOU DON'T BELONGE TO THE US !
look at that poopy face.. oh for the love of GOD ..I do not need (beside Fox news) we do not need a child in the white house...he compares what he knows to President Obama.. stop embarrassing yourself..glad you got oreilly to back you up..yes. thats sumthin..My gawd, I cannot believe this is happening
Donald Trump is an a-hole in the reason why we cannot see his taxes is because he has too much money coming out of Russia Russian banks are the only ones that will lend him money he hasn't paid taxes since he declared bankruptcy in 2002 I believe it was like I said he's just an a hole
Well seems like Obama was right and as far as Obama being the worst Obama shits on Trump literally every day without even trying.
I've heard better whining from kindergarten children.
President Obama  hit the nail on head. We are now the laughing stock of the world. mr. trump is destroying us.
What a utterly stupid man....yes, let us be friends with Russia..they have always been on our side. Trump, let it go as to Obama and Clinton. Let us all concentrate on HIS Impeachment!
you will never be any thing but a joke
no bsry lakes you m f quitjive favor to white supremaci sheet m f
yes youwatch o ralyjajajaja
el cara de pit bull
KARMA GOT BILL O'REILLY AND TRUMP'S KARMA IS COMING
TRUMP IS AN IGNORANT ASS AND WAS ELECTED BY IGNORANT ASSES
OBAMA IS RIGHT ON AS A HUMAN BEING AND A POLITICIAN,  TRUMP  IS AN ASS FROM HELL.  HE IS INEPT AS A POLITICIAN.  ALTHOUGH I LOVE JIMMY CARTER AS A MAN, HE WAS THE WORSE PRESIDENT EVER.  I PRAY FOR IMPEACHMENT
!!
He is the biggest idiot.  Nothing he says is right, only idiots who do not watch ALL the news will follow the maniac into the ground. Russian's puppet.
So Donald Trump wants to talk about lies...
He has no clue what's going on right now.
Donald Trump is an Asshole.
Just LISTEN to poor little Donnie Mini-Nimble-Fingers, "grab-'em-by-the-p***y Trumpenstein's "SPEAK" So ANGRY. So STUPID.

So ILLITERATE . So SELF-UNAWARE. So UTTERLY CLUELESS.So SELF-ENTITLED.So BEWILDERED .SO INCOMPETENT.So ARROGANT.So CHILDISH. SO HUMORLESS.

AND SO ORANGE!

SADLY, I'M JUST GETTING STARTED.

America, WE ARE SOOOOOOOOOO SCREWED!

ARREST & LOCK HIM, AND HIS FELLOW EVIL, LYING, GREEDY CRONIES, UP NOW!
WTF IS WITH RATINGS AND TRUMP? WHAT THE FUCK!
even O'Reilly can't deal with such an idiot.
we love trump!! so much strength and power this man.... A real present you have there  in the US..  look after him
oh boo hoo, I am such a hero and no one appreciates me....Im about ready to cry....everyones wrong but me....and Im such a liar why don't people love me ??? can't they see Im a man baby and Im going to fuck this country if I get in office
Trump is such an embarrASSment! for the USA
bunch of immature children fawning over reality stars called politicians acting like this is all a game as their country is looted by bankers and imploded , cowardly apathetic fallen race we've become, and as long as you give your power away to others, experts or not you will continue to suffer and lose your freedoms
That turd Trump didn't even know what NATO was. Thick bastard.
Is it possible, trump, that you are so mentally damaged that you are oblivious to the fact that the majority of the word is waiting for you to croak?  You are hated!
It would be WONDERFUL if you would be WONDERFULLY WACKED IN THE HEAD and IMPEACHED.  That would be a WONDERFUL THING!!!!  OHHH YESSS
Trump = idiot
satan trumpr supporters deserve trump . let's hope kingdom come and God's will be done .
trump is the worst ever
my puppy attracts trump
LIKE A KID YOU DON'T LIKE ME? WELL YOUR UGLY AND KNOW LESS, AND YOU HAVE NO HAIR.NEH NEH NEH. LIKE A CHILD
he said he reads a lot
Poor Trump is always victimized.  He's the most powerful person on the planet, but no one understands or supports him.  For absolutely no reason.  Dangerous.
Trump knows far more about EVERYTHING than Obama.. or anyone on the face of the planet.  Obama was not the worst President.  Trump is.  Ignorant about the issues, uncaring about people.  Unwilling to study and learn. Focused on making more money for his business and family.  Appalling.  And the GOP protects him.
Trump is the poster child for mental illness and psychotic self-love.  SICK, SICK ...bigly sick piece of garbage.
Trump doesn't even know the boundaries of the Middle East or when to shut up.   Obama is right.  He's stupid!!!    Look  if these people want to stop wars... all they need to do is stay the hell out of other folks lands.
both Trump and O'Reilly are bad Hombre's, so sad
To see Trump push that politition out of the way so he could be at the front, only shows the mad-mans selfish volitile intentions... God help us all...x
Ive never contemplated that America could loose in a war...But I am starting to think that America, under Trump, can get its fuking ass kicked, because Trump has no familly ethics, no political values? He is HITLER AGAIN ALL OVER????
OMG? With one flail, Trump makes America the biggest joke in the world?? GOD HELP US ALL X
Impeachment would be good just about now. Trump is a total disaster for the country and his cabinet members. He has not kept one promise. All talk and tweets. Enough of all his fake presidency.
Fox News is the Fakest media house. Is this O'Reilly guy a show host or is he a Trump fun? lol
1:46. He got along with Russia and got some kind of a deal to get the White House. He gave FBI a hint. Why are they still investigating? I think Americans get how 'worse' Obama was as president. lol
Trump is an idiot. Lying all the time.
I just vomited on my keyboard
Trump was, is and always will be an ignorant asswipe.
Trump is so thin skinned. ill tempered, he just don't understand that everyone have their opinions and is allowed to express them. Man grow up......
Good riddance Obama you were a horrible president!
Fuck off orange clown! Lol
Except for R. Murdock, The other 5 or so giant media moguls hate Trump. Jealous jealous jealous.
Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuck you trump youre saying obama is the worst your starting three wars you fucking bitch look that bitch sended tanks to north korea started 1 war jets to russia and building a probaly cynder wall
trump is right!!!!!!!!!!!!!!lord save trump!!!!!!!!
Who do you want running a country?  A talking Politician?  or a an active Businessman who can make tons of money for the country and can employ thousands of national people?     TRUMP of course.
SMART??? not a quality that Trump possesses
Anyone notice how Trump likes to repeat the same word 2 to 3 times in 1 sentence...
Interesting, I would say that the birds have come to roost on Donald J Trump's doorstep.  Hilarious isn't it?  Remember the tough talking, savvy, rich guy who was going to solve all of our problems and make America great again.  Remember his obnoxious criticism of the prior administration.  Insinuating President Obama was weak, suggesting that he wasn't intelligent, suggesting that he was incompetent, predicting that Obama was going to fail miserably.  I remember him huffing and puffing as he declared Obama to be the worst president in American history.  Trump promised his supporters that he was going make great deals, and the worlds leaders were going to respect him, Isis was going to fear him and there would be peace when he became president, because Americans would finally have a strong leader.  Remember that?  It was a sham to me from day one but Americans lost their minds and voted for him.  Many voted for him against their better judgement because they thought he was going to bring about positive change in American politics.  They thought because he was a savvy business man, he was going to fix the economy over night.  Then he won the election.  Donald J Trump became POTUS.  

Though I never trusted Trump, I was willing to see what he was going to do, and he showed me.  He started off by lying openly about the crowds and it didn't stop there.  Donald has headed an administration in turmoil from the beginning.  Appointing wealth bankers and business men to important cabinet positions.  In-fussing his family into government positions. He appointed individuals of dubious character, with extreme views and questionable alliances as advisers.  He has headed an administration in utter chaos and turmoil; plagued with scandal after, after scandal, after scandal.  He has proven himself to be a pathological liar.  He has insulted our allies while exalting our enemies even in the face of that enemy, in spite of the fact that evidence suggested that enemy meant us harm.  He has turned American credibility into a joke and has made us the laughing stock of the world.  He tweets policy in social media, he publicly accuses prior administrations of committing crime against him without evidence or any basis in fact.  He has divulged our secrets and has made decisions that prove him to be unstable and incompetent.  Five months in office and there is a serious movement to impeach him.  His presidency has become the brunt of everyone's jokes.  Five month in office and he is already becoming the worst president in American History.

And the other guy?  You know, President Obama?  He completed his second term with an 8 year scandal free administration.  The economy and unemployment records at record lows, he is revered by our allies and was able to leave office with a very high approval rating.  Incompetent?  Absolutely not!!!!!!!
Trump is in the early stages of Alzheimer's
wait @donald trump are u shitting right now???
Lol Trump destroyed! Obama. Trump Exposes Obama and Hillary.
This guy is crazy ....Donald Trump seriously a moron.
TRUMP YOU ARE STUPID AND WICKED SO DON'T EVER PUT MY PRESIDENT OBAMA DOWN. HE SAVED US FROM GOING UNDER. HE LOVES AMERICA AND AMERICANS. YOU ARE GOING TO PRISON FOR A LONG TIME. YOU EXTREMELY STUPID STUPID LYING CREEP. NO RUSSIA WOULD NOT BE WONDERFUL DUMB ASS. PRESIDENT OBAMA IS THE GREATEST PRESIDENT EVER. I HOPE YOU LOVE PRISON TRUMPY.
Say the orange pig,piece of shit,russian puppet.Just to see him makes you puke.He got problems in that box of very little nuddles.Thank god the other asshole got fired. How can he be that stupid?
Lol Asshole ...
9 months later....!
Obama STFU.
This is hilarious. Dumb and dumber.
Trump sounding stupid as usual and telling lies nothing here.Now here we are Trump POTUS and today Trump is doing the same thing telling lies and being investigated possible an impeachment.
Trump's a Russian agent.
fux k u
how's #45 working for ya
THE BIGGEST LYER ON EARTH HAS THE NERVE TO CALL PRESIDENT OBAMA. TRUMP IS A DICK HEAD ASSHOLE. MO ONE WANTS TO LISTEN TO HIS SPOILED BRATTY ASSHOLE.  WAIT FOR YOUR IMPEACHMENT ASSHOLE!!!
Xi,Jt
Trump, is just calling names , like a school bully, bloody idiot 'aint got a clue, America , wake up , he's a joke.
Yet again he can't answer a question.  By the way, is this how one spells "lookit"?  Illiterate fool!   Me, me, me!
Obama and Hillary both are liars.
Obama is a snake
obama is fuckingmoslimnigger and osama is fuckingmoslimsandnigger.
Trump has no knowledge PERIOD!  Do all Americans a favor RESIGN TODAY
Obama looks rather unhealthily thin. Is he losing weigh? I do hope he is not suffering from any major disease???
Missing President Obama?  We all are....
Trump is the record low. He like's being first well now he is. The first President to set record lows in the poll's " The lowest The LOW! LOW! the lowest of the LOW's .Or what Trump would call it the Bigly lows. What a Sham to Have this idiot as the head person for our Republic ! Please Impeach!!!
ohmagad this trump trash lol why even try to argue with an IQ of 50
Remember that time our first black president made him his bitch at the correspondent's dinner? :)
I don't know about you but I'm just waiting for a cival war to break out.... Ready when you are. >8-|
Donald Donald the majority of people does not listen to you any more. The difference between you, and president Obama is everybody likes to see him coming and you going. Dude wake up you have the worst approval rate ever no one absolutely no one before you has been disliked like you. Why don't you just get it done with and impeach yourself
This man is exactly what Obama says. The answer proves it.
Oh just shut the hell up Obama. What deceitful little cry bavy. Give me a break and move on for christ sake.
Obama's regime?  No; his presidency.  If there will be a regime, rest assured The Donald, unlike any previous president, is trying to establish it now.
obama a community organizer so a good bssr        criticizing trump who is amazingly well rounded and smart and been thru real life ...obama is an idiot and bought
It's been over 100 days since Trump took his seat in the Oval Office... How many of you Trump supporters still support Trump??
warlord
Trump is the worst president ever! O'Reilly is the worst newsmen ever! Both are sexual predators!
So Trump states it is best to be friends with Russia yet has no response to Crimea takeover by Russia. Just criticizes Obama.  Trump is so self-centered and has an overinflated hubris. The man is delusional and has no speaking skills
A sex offender interviews a sex offender.
Shut the fuck up.
"I know far more about foreign politics than he does."  OMG!  Does he think it's a competition? "It's tremendously unfair!" 
lock up this pile of camel dung....obama for TREASON..
Obama - Worst president ever.
How dare President Trump talk bad about a black democrat! What a racist, homophobic, transphobic islamaphobe! I'm going to go riot now and release my anger! I know I don't know facts, but CNN told me he was a racist. I believe CNN. I'm not a free thinker either. I rely on MSM to tell me what to believe and how to think.
he would have better done simply to ignore Obama. It is a very bad style to jump around on a two times elected president. The other point is the way he switches over from Obama to Clinton. Now (since he is president) I understand his tactics. But I do not understand that he is still fighting against Obama. It seems to be a legacy that does not give him peace and he continues to make the situation worse. Since I am not a US citizen I am just a observer - but the way he splits the country (and the world) raises my concerns - not very smart
i read a lot ? what cornflakes boxes
may 11 2017 ,, how ya doin now baby hands
so when a gop pol. recuses  all that means s he is out for a coffee , back in 5
haha oh dear, highly entertaining television. How can the USA elect this clown? it is incredible that he is in office and incredible that he still has supporters. Wouldn't be surprised to see a kardashian be your next president.
Wow Poor Trump fired his FBI director old man keeps repeating himself fire someone who's him personally he must have found out something wow.....
Wish he would start a sentence without "Honestly"
He is such a fucking narcissist.
Asshole Trump Has No Class!!   He Should Be Put In A Hold And Covered With Horse Shit!!
Obama should go out with class like the other xpresidents.    Bush even said it is not wise for an xpresident to speak out against current presidents.  Lack of judgement and lack of class on Obamas part.  Worst president ever,
incompetent, all destroying, foul mouthed, lie uttering creature
president trump is the worst president ever.
you know there's something wrong with trump when even oreilly says to him you got to control yourself.
"I speak...I speak...I speak veeeery...welll...".... ha ha ha ha. This guy!!!
He has no idea to talk at all! He uses the same words always and speaks in terms of scam seller like those guy"s who knocks at your door. this Trump is tremendes liar and hes maturity lacking is so badly.
pay attention to the facts....God bless America and Trump
trumph is elected by God. and may Hod help him more. but obama brought many disaster
NO TRUMP YOU ARE THE WORST PRESIDENT EVER IN THE UNITED STATES. TRUMP YOU ARE THE BIGGEST LIAR TO EVER GRACE THE WHITE HOUSE. YOU HAVE DONE NOTHING EXCEPT MAKE LIFE HARDER FOR AMERICANS. NO ONE BELIEVES YOU WHEN YOU SPEAK OUT AGAINST PRESIDENT OBAMA. YOU ARE UNBELIEVABLE. F'cking cry baby.
Compare how trump speaks in relation to President Obama. trump you are a disgrace and an idiot. You know nada.
WHAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!????????????????????????????????????????????
Educated and smart people knows when to ignore. So sad Trump always needs to answer.
who has rcord lows now donny dump?
blah blah...and now we see who is truly incompetent..ignorant..Crimea..what a joke..Russia was there for 2 months and he said to Stephanopoulos...believe me..Putin is not going into Crimea..and he knows more about foreign affairs than me Obama..what a fucking loser..donnie go play with your little dick..and let the men and women do their jobs
Myself and the American people will never be able to thank you enough for all you and your family have given to us over the past years.
Thank you for being the man of strength ,morals and integrity our children can look up to and inspire to be. thank you Mr. President
two predators Trump and O'Reilly
Even Orielly gets annoyed with Trump lol
Obama was the greatest president ever. Trump is a whiny little bitch.
CNN FAKE NEWS>HUSSAIN OBAMA MUSLIM<  HILLARY BELONG IN   JAIL
I wonder if o  Reilly is molesting women right now
trump is a cry baby.....he thinks he can say what he want but gen cries when he's hammered
Why would they vote in a man who can't read or speak properly?...on top of the obvious fact he really is mentally incapacitated...His voters must realise now they've been conned
Anything obama says, is irelevent, means nothing, he was, and is a fraud, street thug, from chicago, and rightfully, should be shot at sunrise, for "TREASON"
The jackass Trump was not viciously attacked...He's snotty little crybaby.
screw you Obama you tried taking Americans freedoms to the un you piece of shit traitor
i cant believe this idiot is the leader of our country
He can't Even Read  Tell him to Spell It
Go to hell trump
i have never wanted to punch in the face of somebody so much like this time after watching Trump
wtf Trump is a cunt and now  We are fuckd
Trump should go to the WWE and get kicked in the butt by every single WWE superstar
How about trying again on that headline:  President Trump responds to Barack Obama's criticism
Obama and Trump are freemason.
Donald Trump and Obama are Aliens Ass lickers.
Trump went off on his ass!!
What do you mean by " in most cases " ?
let's admit it trump is the worst president in all American history
let's admit it trump is the worst president in all American history
let's admit it trump is the worst president in all American history
Trump shut up
Bill O'Reilly is a pig  and a racist plan and simple!
lol obama says the truth and trump gets triggered XD
Trump is such an idiot, I have never seen somebody this stupid and it says a lot about the people who voted for him and who support him.
Why does Obama keep saying "Our Country"? When he clearly is not an American!
Donald Trumps face tho XDDD
ALT RACISTS ARE SOCIOPATHS...RIGHT OREILLY.
A liar just can't stand a liar. Right Pervert Trump
Correct.  you read a lot.  You watch a lot.   You tweet a lot,   And you lie a lot
You read a lot. You watch a lot,  you lie a lot
Pervert Trump its good that you started with the pervert Trump in the mirror
See, with Donald Trump, he just doesn't understand the stance between his followers, and his haters. It's obvious that most people hated him for his criticism, and racial judgements. Trump just does not want to take in all the hate he receives, and instead with ignoring the negative comments, he turns and talks back like an immature adult. In which these cases when he is conferencing with his peers, he rudely interrupts them with their opinions, and only cares for his side of the argument which constantly creates rumors. I mean, on the bright side, Donald Trump is helping our country, and has made some great changes since our history went downhill. We all assumed negative of Donald, which I am glad that we gave him a chance, just he needs to keep a steady temper lol.
GO TRUMP!! I voted for you after 8 miserable years of Obama!
obama was a cruse on this nation - LIES come from his mouth - So glad Trump is president. TIME TO MAKE SOME BADLY NEEDED CHANGES BACK TO A STRONG AMERICA - ONE NATION UNDER THE GOD OF HEAVEN, THE FATHER OF JESUS CHRIST
PRESIDENT TRUMP WINS FOR SPORT!
This lying piece of shit belongs in jail.  Lock Trump up now!
the last thing the Democrats would want would be for Russia and the US to get along, that would be a strong defense against terrorism
FUCK, TRUMP & "ALL HIS SUPPORTERS".....PERIOD!!!
I am cringing so much at the trump supporters in this comment section.
Obama El Hussein jihadi needs to be prosecuted for wiretapping and so may other crimes. Let's  find out more about this clown...and get him being bars where he belongs.
ahhhahah, Mr. Obama 2term,...trump maybe  1 term leader,...but not for next term,...we dont need trump trash money,...we need a good leader,...not talk like donald trash.
gold star all black family. yours breed is mixed fuck immigrants you your wife and adh kid.
fuck you chump!
jealous liar he made you look like shit. liar. the  know your not shit.
Trump is sucking Russia Dick..fuck trump. Trump don't got any standings..lmfao
Fuck trump!...
trump. is. lying. lying. lying
IF YOU TELL A LIE YOU ARE A LIAR!!!Such a RACIST that he can't admit the TRUTH.SORRY MOTHER FUCKER NEVER PUT HIS NUTS ON THE LINE FOR NOTHING!!!Yeah,Yeah Obama did it.Obama is GONE.Deal with the PRESENT LIAR!!!
BIRDS OF A FEATHER FLOCK TOGETHER.
hahahaha, what's new. he can't rebuttal. But starts criticizing Obama... hahahahahahaha
Trump is a complete asshole. Deceptive, bragging, pompous, asshole to the bone. Better men have died.
what a mumbling fool to be the leader of the free world
BASTARD TRUMPO ...DROP DEAD SOONEST.
Obummer=total disaster!!!!!!!!!!!
Trump said the New York Times would last only another two or three years at the most  What a giant douche bag this guy is. A sad joke.  Worst President ever!
"Make America Great Again"... Aloha And Mahalo======>>>>>>..Lets play Higher .... And Kick Off....Uncle Putin  is a muscle contributor taking down Terrorist...Buy now And Nothing wrong with that... Peace.... We Pray for our Troop in Raqqa, Iraq, and Afghanistan... Thank you..
Long live the USA. Let's pray for a united America under trump's rule.
Trump is scum, so is fauxnews, Breitbart and Bannon
Man i Really want a debate between them
Trump is a little fucking ugly whiny bitch.
O'Reilly and Trump hate gold star families.
Dear Conservative, 

The United States has never had a more tyrannical and overreaching President! He has absolutely no respect for the law or the Constitution and he can only be classified as a criminal! 

In his 2014 Year of Action, President Obama has promised to go around Congress and act alone whenever possible. Rather than work with Congress, Barack Obama intends to rule the country by executive fiat. 

The response in Congress has been startling. When Obama promised during his State of the Union to circumvent Congress with unconstitutional executive orders, Members of Congress actually stood up and cheered. Instead of fulfilling their Constitutional duties to write the law, Democrat Congressmen have actually begun drafting executive orders for the President to sign instead 

Thats right, instead of introducing legislation for Congress to debate and vote on, Democrats are drafting executive orders for the President to sign directly. Texas Congresswoman Sheila Jackson Lee (D) says that the [Democrat] caucus will put us on the right path and well give President Obama a number of executive orders that he can sign with pride and strength. The Democrats intend to make this their number one priority, Lee explains, and she urges her colleagues to write up these executive orders  draft them, of course  and ask the president to stand with us 

The Democrats plan to push through a number of their most progressive policies by completely going around Congress. This is blatantly unconstitutional! What is even worse is the fact that Obama and the Democrats dont seem to even care They believe that they are above the law and that they cant be touched 

They are wrong! They are NOT above the law! 

Thankfully, the Constitution provides We the People with a means to stop this tyrannical President! We must force Congress to impeach President Barack Obama before it is too late! 

Take Action! Tell Congress to Impeach, Convict, and Arrest Barack Hussein Obama for high crimes committed against the American People and our Constitutional Republic! 

Just two months into his Year of Action when he intends to rule by executive fiat, Obama has issued a number of executive orders and directives that are neither constitutional nor logical. In many cases, the Supreme Court has already ruled that the President does not have the authority to do what he is doing. Yet, Obama continues on, daring you to stop him 

The year began with Obama promising to sign Executive Order 13658 to increase the minimum wage for Federal contractors. This is unconstitutional! The Supreme Court has already ruled in Youngstown Sheet and Tube Co. v. Sawyer that the Presidents power, if any, to issue the [executive] order must stem either from an act of Congress or from the Constitution itself. The Court elaborates, explaining that when the President takes measures incompatible with the expressed or implied will of Congress, his power is at its lowest ebb. Given the fact that Congress set the minimum wage and has yet to adjust it, any attempt by Obama to increase the minimum wage without Congress is blatantly unconstitutional! 

Next, the Obama administration unilaterally delayed Obamacares Employer Mandate for the second time! This marks the 28th time that Barack Obama has unconstitutionally changed, altered, or delayed elements of the Affordable Care Act. How do we know this was unconstitutional? Well, the Supreme Court has also ruled on this issue as well! The Supreme Court ruled in Clinton vs. City of New York that the President does not have the Constitutional authority to alter a law or statute, explaining that there is no provision in the Constitution that authorizes the President to enact, to amend, or to repeal statutes. The Affordable Care Act explicitly says that the Employer Mandate must go into effect on Jan. 1, 2013, however thanks to Obamas lawlessness, this part of the law has been delayed until 2016. This is completely unconstitutional! 

Last year, when Congress refused to pass Obamas DREAM Act, which would have legalized illegal aliens brought into this country as children, the President implemented the program anyway by ordering his administration not to deport any young illegal aliens. Now, Democrats are encouraging Barack Obama to extend this executive order to ALL illegal immigrants in the country! With one signature, Obama could order his administration to cease prosecuting illegal immigrants all together! Barack Obama must be impeached, and it should have happened years ago! 

Take Action! Tell Congress to Impeach, Convict, and Arrest Barack Hussein Obama for high crimes committed against the American People and our Constitutional Republic! 

Congress is starting to hear us. Both Republicans and Democrats recognize that the Presidents executive orders and directives are lawless and blatantly unconstitutional. 

Sen. Mike Lee has been one of the most vocal opponents of Obamas unconstitutional executive orders. On Obamas decision to delay the Employer Mandate again, Lee criticized the action as a shameless power grab and that the Constitution doesnt give the President that power. 

What does Mike Lee intend to do about this? Nothing! 

On a recent Sunday morning talk show, Sen. Mike Lee agreed that Obamas executive directives were tyrannical and lawless, but the Senator admitted that little can be done about it. 

Little can be done about it? What on earth is Mike Lee talking about? 

The GOP has been touting the fact that 100 Congressional Republicans have signed onto the Stop This Overreaching President (STOP) Resolution. What the GOP doesnt understand is that the American people dont want a weak, unenforceable resolution that will eventually die in the Senate, anyway. The American people dont want Congress to just act for the sake of acting. 

There is only one way to definitively stop Barack Obamas tyranny and the Constitution exclusively empowers Congress to do so through impeachment proceedings. Only Congress can stop Obama, yet they dont even want to consider that measure! The founders didnt intend for impeachment to be a taboo subject. The impeachment provision of the Constitution is designed as a mechanism for the American people and their representatives in Congress to stop a tyrannical and overbearing executive. 

Just two months into the year, Obamas actions in 2014 alone warrant impeachment proceedings. Impeachment provides an opportunity for the President to answer to the American people directly. Yet, we arent only looking at what the President has done this year Obama has five previous years of unconstitutional executive orders and actions that pale in comparison to his recent efforts. 

How about the fact that Obama gave rifles to Mexican drug cartels, who then used them to kill an American border patrol agent? That is a blatantly criminal act, yet, like Richard Nixon, Obama exerted executive privilege to keep his administrations criminal acts classified! 

How about the fact that when Americans were being ambushed by terrorists in Benghazi, Libya, Obama told the military to stand down and just let them die? 

How about the fact that, like Richard Nixon, Barack Hussein Obama used the IRS to target and silence his political opponents? 

The President has asserted that he possesses the authority to spy on your phone calls without warrant, infringe on your second amendment rights without cause, and assassinate American citizens abroad without due process! 

This is tyranny and Congress must impeach Barack Obama now! 

Take Action! Tell Congress to Impeach, Convict, and Arrest Barack Hussein Obama for high crimes committed against the American People and our Constitutional Republic! 

A recent Economist poll finds that 71% of Obama voters regret voting for the President. It is no surprise that Obamas approval rating is lower than ever. The American people overwhelmingly disagree with the President on every one of his policy proposals, yet the President continues to press on with his unpopular agenda. So, the American people voted for Congressmen and Senators who represent their interests. Instead of accepting that he is a lame-duck President, Barack Obama has pledged to go around Congress to unconstitutionally implement his agenda. 

Congress has an obligation to impeach, convict, and arrest this criminal President. That much is true. But, you also have an obligation to force Congress to act! You have a duty to hold Congress feet to the fire and refuse to accept anything short of impeachment and conviction! 

Over the past week, more Congressmen and Senators have come out and voiced their support of impeachment proceedings. The candidates running to replace retiring and vulnerable legislators are deliberately making impeachment a part of their platforms. Why? Because the American people demand it! 

The American people have had enough watching this President violate his oath of office and the constitution! The American people deserve answers. The President must answer for his crimes and only impeachment proceedings can force him to! 

Take Action! Tell Congress to Impeach, Convict, and Arrest Barack Hussein Obama for high crimes committed against the American People and our Constitutional Republic
Grab your wallet
Thank the MOST HIGH TRUE GOD FOR TRUMP!!!!!!!! obama indeed is nothing but corrupt and the worst president ever!!!! so glad we have DONALD TRUMP NOW
The real president Mr trump
Trump is a big ass baby! AND HIS FOLLOWERS ARE LIKE JIM JONES CULT MEMBERS WHO WILL DRINK THE POISON KOOL-AID AND SWEAR IT IS A HEALTH NUTRITIONAL DRINK.
trump is an idiot through and through mark my words he is a curse to america the poor basterd  just can't shut his trap good luck America you'll need it
No point Trump addressing Obarmy's criticisms - they BOTH know Obarmy is lying.
Gee, I bet Trump's dick is larger than Obama's, in his own diseased, pig-eyed, insanely delusional and embarrassingly immature mind, too... What a childish clown!
Trump has no answer - just makes it all up -  and attacks - he's the worst.     I have seldom witnessed such disrespect in USA. Horrible old orange rant and raver
Obama,A first rate hypocrite  who has no right to criticise Mr Trump on foreign affairs because  Hussain Obama's foreign policies were disastrous.
US Foreign policy with Hussain Obama was a disaster
if trump says one more time "wouldnt it be wonderful if we got along with russia" i swear, tothe moon !  does he know putin took over russia by force and killed torture and imprisoned everyone opposed to his dictatorship, including industry leaders and media, and then he started invading other nations illegally,  so mr grifter peedrinker trump, NO IT WOULD NOT BE WONDERFUL to let Putin have his way in America, f u,  its like saying "wouldnt it be wonderful if you could walk up to a grizzly bear and hug it? wouldnt it?  " the answer is NO
yea he is a peice of shit he the worst president peice of shit
No, Trump. You are the worst president ever. You are dumb, narcissistic, a bully and totally incompetent. Getting your information from the news is not the right place. Being in bed with Putin is terrible, no matter whether you think together you can start world war 3. You think a war is good for the world? Especially a nuclear war? You are a stupid idiot and that is what makes you so dangerous. I hope you get kicked out soon.
Creo yo que en todos los aos que  yevo viviendo en los Estados unidos de America.,no aviamos tenido un apresidente tan cretino y terrco mas que un burro como el que haora tenemos,cretino que se crere el mejor y Razista como jamas yo avia escuchado este maldito cretino, no le llega ni a los callos  de mi burro que yo tuve en los aos de mi nies, que  eraan los que por primera ocasion fui solo de el cortijo asta Cuatepec de Arinas,.este que algunos cretinos como el lo escojieron: para representarnos ante el mundo entero. lo cual nos despretijiara. y no savemos asta donde nos yeve mi burro fue mas intelijente que el.ese presidente pasguate si no llevara a una Revolusuion; eso si no el creador lo apasigua y eso de que no ciere a nosotros lo mexicanos me ase pensar que el esta vien desmemoriado ya que se a olvidado, que tamvien el escuadron 2001 partisipo en union con este Gran pahis,junto con muchos  latinos que se dieron  de alta para unirse al Ejersito Americano., ese charal cretino., me parese que es pariente de el Cesar chaves, que tamvien Odiava a los Mexicanos., que opinas tu. de ese camron reseco.?



.
a classic misleading of the liberals tactics in play for all to see.. "attack"  is the key word they use... how is trump saying that the woman did not speak or probably wasnt allowed to... how is that an attack?  please any liberal explain to me how they can use the word attack
Mr. Obama, I remember you saying you thought we had 57 states when you were newly in office!!!!!!!
i think danold trump he is doing the god gob in this country god blissyou trump ,you doing the right think for your country, .to protic the people , not brenging toreres ln in your country.
Obama and Hillary are the best and trump sucks!!!
trump is the worse president!!!
your funny
U r the president u shouldn't talk like that,slagging someone who criticise u,
Sorry guy my grammar is shit my iPad is shit but I still think trump is dum ,idiot ,is it ok,for the guy who disliked my writing,am good in French Arabic and Spanish I promise
Someone said trump have ice of 157. Please,he is riche  Dady give me the money  he is a business man,it's  he has 4 time bankruptcy,
He said he has academic shit,can't be from that idiot,oh god,I just went to  ,until the 20 century we promoted equality liberty,and humanity,that the intellectual  era ,now or 21 century its era of idiots,kaida,dash trump ,ukeep ,lepen,and on and on,
How this idiot will run the country and influence athers,he said I red a lot what a lot of bullocks,
So u r the best president yah,keep dreaming idiot,what a prick,who elected that idiot only dam idiot 
People  he still think it's a show
FUCK OFF OBAMA WORRY ABOUT THE USA YOU BLACK BITCH !!!!!!!!
If Trump says that Obama was somehow weak because he did not take on Russia to get Crimea back, why doesnt Trump do it himself, now that he has the chance being President?
I have never suffered fools gladly. But listening to Trump makes me want to puke. He is vile, ignorant, self-centered. His thought and speech is lower than basic. The lowest humanity can bring up. Seeing this, in the West, in the 21st century makes me cringe. What a victory for the small-minded and uneducated!
so well spoken president trump so happy the dog has gone...
I love the Donald. Cue the bluntness
Obama is the best president in the world u make the world bad
even O'Reilly looks irritated by Trump.  
It's True, Obama is a very weak President, Under Obama, Russia took Cremiea, Syria got into a civil war, Libya is a disaster and ISIS grew stronger than ever Under Obama.
GOD BLESS MR. PRESIDENT TRUMP IN JESUS NAME.
MAKING AMERICA WAY GREAT IN 3 WEEKS SO FAR!!!!!!!!
Well, he didn't attack a gold star family so what's the point?
Smoke clears, Trump put the media on notice today. How long will the sheeple keep believing the media?10 seconds ago
Smoke clears, Trump put the media on notice today. How long will the sheeple keep believing the media?
fuck u turmp
Like looking down the toilet and seeing two big turds in it
Nobama was only in politics for approx. 2 years.  And he went into office with his Muslim beliefs; lying by saying he was a Christian.  Him and his he/she/it Michael lied about EVERYTHING!!!!  They were the worse President and first thing!!!
Obama and the establishment were being too full of themselves... So Trump Dumped them
He tries to cover over his faults by trying to put some else down.
Obama made ower deat even worse
President Trump's  repetitive speech and unexplainable changes of thought is compounded by feelings of persecution by everyone except himself.  Given his state of mind, I wouldn't be surprised to hear that he argues with himself.
I can't believe this idiot is president...
oh trump you narcissistic idiot
Why does Trump look like he's a rich brat victim of pedophilia?
https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/issue-international-arrest-warrant-george-soros
CANT BELIEVE THIS GUY IS THE PRESIDENT,,,,,,,,JUST SAD!!! SMH
We live in a society where people talk like our presidents and prime ministers are the inept and utterly incapable - and know one knows or trusts fully if they're doing a good job- sad/
Donald just shut your mouth ur calling Obama the worst President 
and you must be great right 

cause you have such  a full of heart and you give a damn about the people  
don't you dare call us pigs u fucking sexist 
fuck him i fucking moving back to yeman
just because Obama is well spoken,portrays himself to be a family man and hangs around with gangster rappers.dosnt mean he can run a country.it just means it's easier for him lie and people will believe him
Obama your party and candidate lost. It's time to keep your insipid comments to yourself. Obama you are the worst President in the 241 year history of the United States! And that's saying alot considering William Henry Harrison lasted 1 month.
Not mr trump
He is president Trump
Please, for krissakes, get this piece if human excrement off the planet! Signed, On the planet - us, the people.
so New York  Times  going out of business he looks like he wants them to fail no jobs for all those good people
Obama was a joke & a disgrace to this country!! Thank God he's gone, this country has gone down, down & down w/Obama!!
lola country labeled/democracy/finaly got an autocratic president..there will be alot of funny dramas in the coming 4 yrs.lets find a comfortable couch, sit down n watch the season start
Who's lying now?  What a blowhard, immature baby.  Always talking about himself and how great he is.  He knows more than everybody.  Yeah, right.  Not My president.  I'd love to leave if you deplorables would buy me a one way ticket somewhere.
pls give him a banana
STFU OREILLIIII YOU STUPID BAG OF SHIT
May i have a word with you president? Kys
donald trump just hates Obama cuz he is jealous that everyone wants him back as president thats why he hates him i dont think donald trump is bad i like him he is not a good or bad president im just saying my thoughts
Yea Yea   Trump  Obama was way better than what you fucking are right now,
believe me trump exactly look like my dick
I love how O'Reilly has to focus Trump!
Obama, all talk.....................that is all he got.
fuck trump!
Obama is a mess
listen you peace of shit trump you are wores than fucking nixon shut the fuck up u peace of shit u didnt even go to school u have no education whats so ever FUCK U TRUMP GOD BLESS U U PEACE OF SHIT!!!!
hey liberals! take this: B====D
Mr Obama America is going to put your face on 1000 US DOLLAR.
Donald Trump is a foolish Man
Trump got the same score or whatever they use on the phsycopath test as hitler. Funny thing is he blocks entrance to refugees from Syria and Iran but not Saudi Arabia the country in which the terrorists who did 9/11 were from. Trump is mentally retarded, he's a narcissistic psychotic rapist and anyone who voted for him is a fuckin idiot.
AMERICA IS F*KUED UP!!
NOW ITS NOT POWERFUL AMERICA! ITS FUNNY AMERICA!!!!
Trump  taking amareca down
Obama shall go down as the greatest and second to the last president of the once great country the US of A.
Pumpkin Spice has made us the laughing stock  of the solar system as our once proud nation melts down into an unrecognizable  puddle of sludge.
2:26 Look at the lie, look at the lies, look at the lie XD
Obama your time is over
trump is racist guy agents  Mexican people and he says he is the least racist guy but he wants to build a wall because hi is racist guy and he is the guy who is the best guy i think that he should not be president and probable or mostly everybody wants trump dead
you read a lot and you watch a lot that's why you are so dumb? you think you are the only honest person in this whole fucking world?
USA is in the Hands of CHINA.. And Trump will learn that soon..
omg.trump is um an duh....l have no words!!
How can a man with that look ever be president?? Stupid usa
i think trump is a fucked up person and ill give it a year and he will have a stroke
Maybe now people stay there work and be better for Mexico.  Thank you mr president Trump
trump is a fuckin joke!
fuck bill orally and Donaldtrump
This is a perfect example that shows that trump is the worst president for the usa. U remember? Once he said that he respects Obama very much. This is weak. He's a liar. A racist. A sexict. Just someone who shouldn't rule the usa.
trump is the truth behind money doesn't make you happy!
obama is the best president in america's history. trump would be worse than a drunk hooker in an aquarium. REKT YOU TRUMP CHIKEN!!!
Donald Trump is a brave man. He will never let destroy his opinion by facts. If you have an enemy, this will give your day a structure. Without enemies, his policy wouldn't work and everyone would see his incompetence. Joseph Goebbels would be proud of Fox News.
but how do you really feel Trump... Omg I love this man
Trump is the man
God trump is so negative and rude
Sorry but Obama was the best trump is talking out his backside aka his mouth
Hi123456
NO YOUR WRONG YOUR GOING TO BE THE WORST PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OBAMA WAS THE BEST EVER SCREW YOU
So it's not the point that a family suffered, but the point was about his pride.
I love his old gay voice it's fucking stupid
KUN ANTA TASDA JAMALA ,
MUGI MUGI SLAMET PAK LEK,,DONALD.TRUM.
NEK JABAT PRESIDEN AS, BAYARANMU GAWE NYAORI UTANGE INDONESIA.
He's so Fucking childish. There's was clearly a more mature way to handle the situation and there goes trump doing what he knows best. Reacting like a little kid
How can he say Obama is the worst President in history? George W Bush anyone. He cannot handle criticism in any form. He needs to grow up a bit (70 yrs) now that he is President.
deal with it
lol
Racism is real in this country....You people are ridiculous.  This man is going to start a war and draft most of you idiots family members and you all are ok with that because of the hatred towards one of the most intelligent black American man you've ever come across.  Barack held this country down and you idiots hate him only because he's BLACK. ...FUCKIN IDIOTS
trump will do well boy worth 4.5 bill american hustler gunna lead the country last laugh ahahah go trump , toronto loves ya
what's so great about Trump?
donald trump know nothing about world , true obama told the true , attack 5 star family , donald trump is con man , sweet talk , now america go to pay price of donald trump bully around world
Sacrifices???????????? You were on vacation FOR HALF YOUR TERM!
a child in a suit. this guy,the donald, is a spoiled  mentally challenged retard that will drive this nation into the ground
Yes I agree with President Trump!
Hey Obama, go fuck off somewhere.
why does he look so frowned? Like is he trying to be frowned?
This so called Twitter President Trump is just a loudmouth and phoney. He sold U.S to the Russians for a nickel. How do you all Trumpeteers feel now?
TRUMP..YOU ARE THE WORST.....
Obama was the best president in history if anything
Americas last hope is with Trump n Gods hand clasping the illegal fraudulent Ovomit. Not putting God on Trumps level but without a sincere effort to place our nation under God Almighty. We are just a sinking ship with the past n current administration under satans control. If America doesn't break free of this situation we will all suffer at the same hands that have taken Our Country down. Give Trump a honest chance n see what he can n will do very soon. I am optimistic for the first time in 3 decades that change to our old country's values will prevail n make America Great Again. I expect a serious environment of the leftists to disrupt his swearing in as President Trump. USSS has a very serious situation to provide the best they have to offer, an they'll need everyone's help to disrupt these leftists communists that have infiltrated govt highest offices an abc agencies. I don't trust Ovomit in any situation as he's proven to be a world class lying pos. Anyone connected to his administration should hang their heads low for the actions they've taken not to make things right to the American People. Last chance America, better pray that Trump is for real an does in fact creates jobs n have our ecomically stressed population witness better times. The last 3 decades have systematically placed our country is dire dangers as we all recognize as deception from the elites criminally insane. Pray America, an lets get to work supporting President Trump. If Ovomit doesn't start Ww3 an the China Sea conflict before leaving office in a few days.
President Trump can make America great again ! ! !
Ladies and gentlemen we have elected a moron for president. Stay tuned for feather information on what too do when this idiot takes over next week . May god help us .
It is unbearable to listen to this ignorant man. And he is now president ?!
I would love it if Trump manages to clean up your shit country, just so that Hilary voters realises that their birth was a mistake.
Obama didn't do anything to stop Russia from annexing Crimea... wouldn't it be great if we worked together with Russia?" lol
Any American that is team Hilary is team pedophile. So glad Trump is your President. If your unsure about him do your homework. President Trump will fix health care, he will create good paying jobs. President Trump can come off as an asshole, however no reports of him being involved in Pizza Gate!  Good luck from your Canadian Sister and God bless America xo
You are sucking russias ass because u "fucked Russian prostitutes" and u are trying to keep putin sweet after what u had done and what he knows
Good grief, Obama is clueless and a disgrace for American values.
clinton should have one im sorry hillary
This guy is so angry all the time. He gets fired up over anything
Trump will be great! :D
How can anyone look at this fucking pathetic JOKE, listen to him speak on serious matters where he states nothing but absolute bullshit and still think "Yeah he's a good choice for President"... I cannot fathom the complete IDIOCY of people that voted Trump, I hope they come to see the mistake they have made.
Im from Germany since refugees wee have every day rapes, riots, criminal increase, hatecrimes from Muslims so my Statement:

Donald Trump is the last defender of the Western World suport him or go dowbn as traitors... fuck you all Liberals, Left wing  Fascist, Muslim worshippers, traitors, and fuck Angela Merkel.
America is already great. Trump is degressing
Trump will do more for our country in 2 years than obama has done .... period... Comment on this in 2 years people
Documents that surfaced this week accused Trump of sexual and financial impropriety stemming from various projects in Russia.Pry tip of the iceberg. impeachment!
trump you are a whiny little bitch. you sound like a spoiled brat. i hope they impeach you before you start ww111 , COULD YOU POSSIBLY MAKE MORE EXCUSES ????
I would be very frightened to put my cock in Donald's mouth
American is based on only one Goldstar family. What about all those killed by the mishandling of his administration.
That Obama operated.
I do not want a thin-skinned president.
What foreign policy experience does Trump have?
I like Donald Trump, he says harmful things but he has a great heart inside him, he gave money to a family, he is not perfect, i have big mistakes too, but he just needs more time, let him be a good president stop insulting him, think about what it feels like knowing that everyone hates you at the end of the day...
Any this fucking idiot-narcissist is going to be our president??! ugh. not my president!
STFU you Thomas the tank reject
You fuckin' Americans elected this waste of space.I would rather have Alec Baldwin playing Trump. He would be a better leader
I have felt or seen  no improvements with Obama He has  created a State of Fear and has Crippled the American people.
As far as I'm concerned, it's "president trump" right now
Donald is so stupid.
Really this is news anchor......he is shit.....
I am so sick of Obama & Dems continuing their campaign fake smears at the time of inauguration. Disgraceful!
even bill o'reily who's in the right's fucking pocket is getting short tempered with trump.
I can't believe the people of America actually put this man in the most powerful position in the world. he just blames everything on people lying. its never his fault.. you have all made the worst decision you could have ever made
NYC speech to according to plan's trump.........
Wtf  this guy has a mental illness.
King Trump.
This clueless thin skinned so called business man better do good on his promises or I will definitely fire him and kick him and his dumb ass mail order bimbo out the white house.
Wow what a pathological liar. And Fuckface Von Clownstick is a disaster. I can only hope that there will be a country left when he is outed.
talking with your stupid prayer rug behind you. THIS IS AMERICA OTRAITOR!
Can anyone imagine what a state of the union address might sound like when trump gives it? this man has horrible public speaking skills. I hope someone trains this buffoone before he makes America look completely stupid to the rest of the world.
Obamanation is a pig
trump sounds like angry mike Tysons.
trump
u a biiii
Fuck that fake president.
Notice how he doesn't answer Obama's concerns he just insults him.Trump has no substance, he just acts like a child. Shame on you that voted for him, shame on you. The guys an idiot,  a joke, an ignorant bully and worthy of nothing but contempt.
for someone with such a huge brain, and I mean just huge, he can't seem to come up with one coherent sentence. I have yet to hear this huge brained potus say anything intelligent. I can not wait for his big speech to the nation. We have a pool for 50 bucks on how many times he says the word great. I said 47 times. wish me luck.
you hear these moron's. Dumbest people. O'Reillys ain't shit. trump ain't shit.
Trump don't know shit.
Obama needs to go home and go to bed......he and the Clintons are done!!
lol I will do am gonna do we are going to do if you ask me what that is am not sure but I will definately -Donald
O'Reilly sucking Trumps orange baby dick. And Trump stroking his hair while he does it ( So disgusting, I know) But that's what's happening here. An anti CNN circle jerk. Two of the most horribly disgusting humans on the planet becoming boyfriends before our mortified eyes.
Obama wants to bring in more muslims and make USA an islamic nation.....!!!!
if u wanna finish Taliban that is good ,if u wanna finish daesh that is good, but if u wanna finish Islam it means that u try to cut your hands remember me anyway iam Afghan peace son
iam just wondering that why a great country a round the world like holly America has a mental persistent like u trump
you just thinking that Muslim is terrorist, we will not accept it in this action
critical issues to Obama the price of putty in china
The two strongest military powers on earth are America and Russia! Trump is right! If these two countries joined forces against ISIS, they'd be destroyed in a few hours!
God Bless America thanks again
WE ALL KNOW THAT MR. OBAMA IS NOT THE WORSE PRESIDENT.  WE ALL KNOW THAT IF NOTHING ELSE MR. OBAMA DID NOT ''''''CREATE WAR BEFORE HE GOT INTO OFFICE''''''  AND,  MR. OBAMA DID NOT PARTNER WITH A KNOWN FOREIGN ENEMY  AGAINST AMERICA OR SHOULD I SAY: HE DID NOT GET INTO BED WITH A KNOWN FOREIGN AMERICAN ENEMY AND HE DID NOT SPEAK OF HURTING AND DESTROYING MILLIONS OF AMERICAN FAMILIES,  ANNNNNNNNNN, HE DID NOT BORROW MILLIONS UPON MILLIONS FROM THAT FOREIGN ENEMY AND OTHER FOREIGN OLIGARCHS WITH THE HOPE OF GAINING ACCESS TO AMERICA.........GAINING ACCESS TO AMERICAN NUCLEAR CODES.
THE WAY TRUMP BEHAVES HE WOULD GIVE UP THE CODES.
I AM PRAYING THAT HE DOES NOT GET THE "CORRECT CODES".

THERE IS JUST NO POINT IN TALKING ABOUT MR. OBAMA'S RECORD: EMPLOYMENT AT 4% AND A GREAT ATTEMPT AT GETTING 45 M AMERICAN PEOPLE HEALTHCARE WHILE DEALING WITH THE EFFORTS OF THE REPUBLICAN PARTY TO DESTROY  EVERY EFFORT AND BREAK DOWN THE ENTIRE SYSTEM.

I CERTAINLY HOPE AMERICANS WAKE UP AND TELL BOTH OF THE PARTIES:  "NO MORE RANCOR.  ONLY BOYZ DO TIC FOR TAT WHEN OUR LIVES ARE HELP IN THE BALANCE.
yo trump. stop the reality show drama, name calling crap! your always right and everyone else is WRONG..... guess what YOUR WRONG, OLD , AND I CAN'T WAIT UNTILL YOUR GONE!! SERIOUSLY YOUR FIRED
I also have to say, why does the press expect Trump not to fight back at the lies, slander and defamation.

when challenged fight back, fire with fire, the press is just wanting to have a whipping post that lets them run the show. saying "Don't Fight Back" let us beat you up and slag you. what kind of BS is that. the counrty is a mess, the government is accused of just the most horrible crimes and the money trail leads right to hillary clintons foundation bank account, with james comey and his brother being paid by the foundation millions of dollars nad cooking the books of the foundation to make it seem as though it is one thing when in reality it is a complete fraud and whitewash. Pointing dirty fingers at Trump.

Trump should by all rights, be given his chance to do good, just the same as all Presidents have in the past.



The mainstream media thinks they are so important too, really they are talking heads that are for the most part really dumb people who only pervert the truth, that is not what journalists are supposed to do at all.

not to mention the covering up crimes of hillary and downplaying obamas total failure and billgates trying to buy the whitehouse while perpetrating major crimes against people he defrauded and the media just sits there watching him with "no comment", what the hell is the matter with you corrupt talking heads.

let me ask a question:
WOULD YOU BE FIRED IF YOU SPOKE BADLY OF BILLGATES, OR HAVE HIS LAWYERS ALREADY SUED YOUR STUPID CORRUPT ASSES, LIKE I WILL BE FOR YOU LYING ABOUT GATES WHO DID IN FACT STEAL MY SOURCE CODE THAT GENERATED BILLIONS OF DOLLARS THAT RESULTED IN AN ATTEMPT ON MY LIFE WHEN I REPROTED THE CRIME TO THE POLICE AFTER WINNING MY CASE IN COURT.

WHEN WILL YOU SPIN DOCTORS ACTUALLY REPORT SOMETHING THAT IS TRUE AND IN HONESTY.

its all treason and the press is trying to crack the whip on the President Elect when he is already saving jobs and he hasn't even taken office yet.
F TRUMP
What a stuttering fool, to state and say anyone is unprepared ,our trash bin men could put a more meaningfull sentence together..What a dam failure Obama has been to the decent American people .
Obama is the first black president and is the worst president oh my god the future will be hardcore racist against every race I know whites will have enough and will wipe out blacks and what ever the fuck race mixing Latino whores you call them and Muslims I am Arabic but I am Christian if that day comes I won't cry I'll celebrate that whites are taking back what is theirs
Obama  sounds so fake, he could less about any American
If you compliment this creep you're a wonderful fantastic beautiful person, if you criticize him, you are garbage. So this guy has what it takes to be president? Not a chance.
i will miss Obama for his service for US for 8 years
ORANGE BIGOT TRUMPKIN IS AN IDIOT.
I hit like at 1:10.  You will too.
CNN I HATE!
The sad thing is i'm fully educated and still unemployed, thanks  OBAMA! fucking liarof a president.
He has been so viciously humiliated. Give us all a break. This is NOT a Commander in Chief nor a credible President of the USA who cannot tolerate criticism. he is a sociopath. The thinnest skin. He is weak.  He is the true disaster if he cannot take political criticism and not label them as 'Enemies'.  WEAK WEAK loser, big time - cares about himself more than the USA. He cannot even recognize that his opponents are not his enemies and they care AS MUCH, but seems like way more than he does, for this great country.  SHAMEFUL, Disgusting loser / Disaster - to use his own characterizations. Release your fn taxes MR Trump, show that you've sacrificed at least half of what hard working Americans have.
The worst president in history will be you Trump!
I VOTED FOR DONALD J TRUMP BECAUSE HE EXSPOSES THE SYSTEM FROM THE INSIDE BLACK PEOPLE ARE STUPID (IM BLACK) N HEAR EVERYBPDY WANNA VOTE FOR HILLARY SO THEY ALL DO IT OBAMA IS A FAG A PEDHIFILE AND A RAPIST HILLARY IS A PANTS SUIT WEARING BITCH N GAYS DONT HAVE RIGHTS YALL TELL OBAMA THAT #TRUMP17 #BLACKSFORTRUMP
Donald Trump is just a fucking retard that doesn't understand anything! 'Obama has been president much more longer than your bad representational overall self just had to come in, so watch what your slippery tongue, smelly ass mouth! What Obama said was completely correct and he even had evidence to back up what he said, unlike you, brain damage!' But anyways, Donald Trump your really funny!!! Best of the luck in the future... Oh jokes... there will absolutely be no best of luck with you! Keep thinking your all hard up there, you might be president now, but you watch what you'll possibly do before a lot of good people from USA stop you!
HAIL TO THE FUCKIN' CHIEF!!
Obama GO GO GO.........................
Obama is the epitome of evil and lies!  Trump is well prepared for this job as a president.  Just watch and see.  He is God's chosen.
Donald Trump says that every president we have had is the worst.I wanna see how he does.
Please GOD HELP US we need it more then any other time. Even more then 200 years ago
Look whose talking, Donald Dump. You're freaking racist and rude. You say you wanna make "America great again" when all your gonna do is set off a war. Im Canadian and i have deep respect to all Americans but Donald Trump is just making things worse.
Evil Hussein Obama is the worst man.Great Mr Donald Trump is going to the best man.
also fr mich sieht das aus als wrde er die ganze zeit sich das scheissen verkneifen
IM GAY!
GO TRUMP :) HILLARY SUCKS
I love how he tore the Democratic Party apart
Obama is the worst president ever.
send in Neegan to stop obama
obama is a notion
FUCK TRUMP HE SUCKS A BIG DICK
You know what people. There are Sheppard and there are sheep.  I'm a wolf. be a wolf too.
I read a lot?.. you definitely don't read geography books Trump, you fat idiot.. the US president to be didn't even know Belgium was a Country not a city...you'd think oh that doesnt matter... it's home to the European Union for dumb-ass...wow this guy literally DOES represent most Americans..fucking fat idiots, surprised he doesn't carry a gun to go the supermarket
Critical issues is Obama's bent of accusations Trump is unwilling to push status quo issues of the liberal interest ( homosexuals, haters of Israel, interest of the Muslim brotherhood and Sharia law 
Finally, Obama will break all windows in the White House, and give a shit in a front of its entrance door.
It's not so strange that Trump said that he had a military draft number of over three hundred but he's older than me and I was drafted into the Army in 1968 hum wonder why the media didn't call him out but they didn't call him out on most of the lies that he told and they helped him win
Trump.....hahahaaaa...such an asshole!!!
I agree with Trump about Obama!!!!
pretty sure he's in his own out of touch reality. Obama has been the most revolutionary leader for the american people. Trump talks but doesn't walk the walk. little crybaby in denial self obsessed crazy paranoid and won't shut up criticizing others actually in office, yet he is not doing a Damn thing to make his own plans. 
unbelievably bigly tremendous wrong isn't a plan, it's a petulant child's mind and behavior
Trump republicans "viciously attacked" democrats at their convention. They do it every 4 years. Nobody else responds viciously against a dead soldiers family. Grow up!
the worst president in America history is Obama.
Obama, worst president: absolutely! O'Reilly worst news whore next to Megan Kelly: obviously.
Poor little Drumpf!! Lol,...sooo smalll,such alittle little man!!!
donald trump wanted start war 3 , president obama  want around help america people , donald trump should face world first . make america great again , you think iraq war and vietnam war , lot brave america soldier dead ,
I was made fun of.
Obama is a nonse .....trump is cool as ice
If its coming from trump, it's probably childish, narcissistic, ignorant, false, or all of the above
if its coming from Fox news, it's probably false, partially false, sensationalized, racist, fear mongering, or all of the above.
If you Americans need a hand building the wall in happy to come over from the u.k and help!
For all the shit trump gets he's bin really calm. I would have thrown some f bombs and n bombs with a middle finger or two. 
Trump is cleaning up Obama mess. And it's a huge ass mess.
Obama is an ahhh...  ahhh.... mmmm.... ahhhnnnn ahhh nnn mmmm ahhnnn idiot. 
Worst Kenyan president ever.
2017 look like a ROCkY ROAD and we'll be Humping TRUMP, having to make excuses for this bigoted moran
Trump is the man Orsi and I love him!
Trump is a winner he says things that Mitt Romney had no guts to win his 2012 election
Russia will take down Obama.
Trumpadump just wants to bomb the shit out of countries that do not serve his tastes, you can't just start a war whenever-wherever! Ukraine is not the United States. Do not let your eyes settle on money as drive your armies into another halfassed war. You'll just repeat the cycle again.
Obama should be impeached before Jan 20, 2017.  Worst president in history of USA.
I hate Bill O'Reily so much! He's a condescending a$$hole and it amazes me that he is still on tv at all.
Yes Obama is a pro, bombarding 6 countries at this very moment!!! siria, they run out of bombs!. irak, yemen,pakistan,afganistan,somalia. trying to start a nuclear war with Russia. nobel price???. patriot act, torturing people in guantanamo!. nafta, pushing 4 tpp, bailing wall street. protecting corrupt Hillary. Bengazhi, Libia.  i can go on and on!. Obama fking monster sell out and war criminal, giving billions of dollars in weapons to islamic terrorist in siria ( rebels?). Obama your proxy ,you lost. its all about oil mtfkr!.
Trump why is your father's middle name Christ as well as your sisters and grandmother's. Why is your mother's name Mary and your middle name John. Is that just a coincidence or are you an Evil sac of SHIT.
Shut up nut tard , sinister bill is trying to help you...... Man" what a nut tard , he can't keep those punkers closed .
Trump = Winner. Fuck off the rest of you losers
the moment Trump won, it literally made me tear. He deserves it, the American people deserves a president that could put a full stop to media lies and puppets trying to run a great nation down. it doesn't matter if its rep or dem, what matters is a president that brings positiveness back to america
I'm so bored of the media constantly being against Trump even here in Australia!
I'm very proud of Mr. Donald Trump he's the man and the power with good ideas first reach that something mean why are reach because I am smart why is smart because Am reach God bless America with Mr. Donald Trump he step forward not for money just for us we come together in vote  ford that man I love you Mr. Donald Trump you and your family God bless you and your family God bless America in American people :)))))
Trump sucks dick.
Fuck you trump!!!! You can't say much your name means shit!!!
That's why you have consultants, to gain information, and how to run certain parts of the country!
Obama takes forever to spit his words out. Without a teleprompter, he seems verbally impaired or linguistically retarded or something. His slow talk turns off the listeners attention. I thought they said this guy was a world class orator. He's a stumbling, fumbling, mumbling, bumbling chimp.
this men is who going to start the 3 world war ! he is who i actually saw in my vision walking up with flame of fired behind him..if you want to know when this is let me know if you are interest about it....just when a men interesting in a girl they look for it.
we finally have a real President. Not a Muslim sympathizer. That First black president fucked this country.
Why would he give a terrorist state a trillion dollars in CASH!?
He has fucked this country's way of thinking.
Liberal pussys are trying to turn our country into a socialist country.
Give the democrats EVERYTHING for free so they will go back to living on food stamps and WIC and  shut the fuck up. 
Get a fucking job.
your defeating everything service men and women  have fought and died for! 
Let the electoral college steal the presidency.
The tree of liberty is thirsty.
Hillary is under the desk , Obamas in the closet and Joe is under the Bus !
TRUMP RULES ...I LOVE THE FUCKING WALL..
A MESSAGE FROM THE U.K - GET IT RIGHT THE PEOPLE OF CRIMEA VOTED BY ABOUT 95% TO REJOIN RUSSIA. THEY ARE ALMOST ENTIRELY ETHNIC RUSSIANS . OH AND WHO IS BEHIND ALL THE TROUBLE IN UKRAINE ,  YOU PROBABLY GUESSED IT GEORGE SOROS, THATS WHY HE HAS BEEN BANNED FROM RUSSIA AS A SECURITY THREAT AND THE GROUPS HE FUNDS.
I look forward to the day when use of the phrase "the Press" will not refer exclusively to PROPAGANDA MILLS.
Donald, hello
Right away he says "i think he's the worst president of the us" I lost it
Neither did you. Obam
Donald trump an og, he speaks his mind he don't give 0 fucks. I really hope he turns out to be a good president.
Muslims are fucking stupid
Vote Trump!!
OBAMA IS AN ASS.
PRESIDENT TRUMP. Has a good ring to it.
Trump can shoot his braindead followers and they wouldn't do shit. But hey, Obama is bad because he has a Muslim name and is the son of an immigrant. Smh.
Trump is president get behind him or get out of the USA
Obama worse disgrace of this country
Good Luck, America..! May God be with you.!
Wtf he says that Obama is the worst omfg is he kidding me!!!!!!!!!!
Obama is scum.  Trump is already bringing jobs into America and he hasn't even stepped into the office yet.
He still has a much higher IQ than Obama
Listening to Trump is like having a breath of fresh air, and sampling fine wine.
fuckk trump
sure is nice to get the last laugh.   Trump 2016 ELECTED
Yes, work with Russia and defeat ISIS once & for all.
Screw obama! Now  has a real leader! Obama is a pussy!
I had to laugh so hard when Trump starts responding... anything anyone says against him he responds with: "I think he/she is the worst... in the history of USA" :D :D :D
i hate obama and i dont even know usa .. what that tell yas yankies ?
He is'nt even in office and world leaders bypass Dufus and go directly to Trump and kiss his ass.
People say trump is racist 
Can a Hillary supporter or atleast a non-trump supporter explain why
trump shot up Obama is the best president ever if u agree leave a like or comments
YOU CANT STUMP THE TRUMP
TRUMP IS A LIL BITCH!! THIN SKINNED BITCH!! HOW THE HELL IS THIS ASSHOLE GOING TO BE PRESIDENT AN HE IS SO SENSITIVE?!! EVERYTIME SOMEONE SAYS SOMETHING ABOUT HIM, OH HE'S BEING ATTACKED, AN HES GOIN TO SUE!! HE IS ABOUT TO BE THE WORSE PRESIDENT EVER, TALKIN ABOUT OBAMA!! FOH!! DUMB DONALD!!
THIS IS TYPICAL WHITE AMERICAS BULLSHIT!! GEORGE BUSHS IGNORANT ASS SENT US INTO THE WORSE DEPRESSION WE'VE SEEN SINCE THE GREAT DEPRESSION!! BEFORE HE GOT IN OFFICE, PRESIDENT BILL CLINTON HAD THE COUNTRYS ECONOMY AT A 2 TRILLION DOLLAR SURPLUS, AN AS SOON AS VUSH LEFT OFFICE, WE WERE LEFT IN A 8 TRILLION DOLLAR DEFICIT!! THEN PRESIDENT OBAMA IS ELECTED AS THE FIRST AFRICAN AMERICAN PRESIDENT OF THIS WRETCHED COUNTRY, AN HE HAS TO GO IN AN CLEAN UP AN DEAL WITH THE BULLSHIT MESS THAT GEORGE BUSH DUMB ASS LEFT!! PRESIDENT OBAMA AN HIS ADMINISTRATION PULLED THE ECONOMY OUT OF THE RECESSION THAT GEORGE BUSH PUT US IN!! THE ECONOMY AN JOB UNEMPLOYMENT  WENT FROM 4% DURING BUSHS TENURE, TO ALMOST 11% DURING PRESIDENT OBAMAS TENURE!! AN HE DID AGAINST ALL THE OPPOSITION FROM THE DUMB ASS REPUBLICANS BLOCCING EVERY BILL HE PRESENTED TO CONGRESS!! NOW WATCH HOW THESE FUCCIN RACISTS ASS REPUBLICAN IDIOTS PASS EVERY BILL THAT DUMB DONALD, WHO HAS NO KNOWLEDGE OF POLITICS, WITH NO OPPOSITION!! JUST ANOTHER WHITE PRIVILEGE THAT WHITE AMERICA LIVES AN THRIVES OFF OF!! SO SAD
AN DUMB DONALD LOOK AT HOW YOU WERE ELECTED!! THE REPUBLICAN PARTY DIDNT EVEN SUPPORT YOU AS A REPRESENTATIVE IN THE BEGINNING OF THE RACE, AN AT THE END OF THE RACE, THEY FIGURED, WELL HE IS OUR LAST RESORT, SO WE MIGHT AS WELL SUPPORT AN PUT THIS STUPID IDIOT IN OFFICE!! WHICH MAKES YALL ALL STUPID IDIOTS!!
TRUMP IS POOR WHITE TRASH THAT GOT LUCKY AN STRUCC IT RICH LIKE JEBB ON THE BEVERLY HILLBILLIES!! MONEY CANT BUY YOU CLASS HUMILITY, AN DECENCY, WHICH PRESIDENT OBAMA HAS!!
"Worst president in the history of this country" says it all. Seeing the president flounder around with the Iranians has to be the nadir of our country. Reagan would have smoked them.
You are a puppet of congress, the bankers distroyer of the World including America like every other president. TRUMP is the lion. GRRRRRRRREEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAA
Worst president ever was George W. Bush and 9/11 happened under his watch, but Fox News never talks about that.
He who laughs last.
Can a sexual predator, a racist like trump, and a forienger gold diger represent united states people and their values?
Obama is bae
WAKE UP! Putin likes trump beause trump HAS NO POLITICAL EXPERIANCE! Ever play Risk Boys? sign ''The Hail Mary Petition'' to Dump trump! unless your too centered on hating other Races, and disrespcting females to save Earth from distruction.
This man Trump just offends other people without any logical facts! Incredible! To make a conclusion of someone's ruling/regime in historical aspect - as results - at least 50 to 60 years have to pass.
Talk is cheap, bitches.  Obama is mortified by the guy.   He is a (former) crack-smoking gay hustler and Trumpty has his number down cold.   FUCK OBAMA and his tranny manwife and his spoiled-ass adopted kids who are draining our coffers with their flagrant excesses.   He bamboozled black people into thinking of him as a brother, and they now know he ain't, never was and never will be.  Elitist closet queen with excrement-colored skin sums it up. Wave bye bye obummer!
Trump might be a good thing for americans
#supporttrump
fuck you donald trump
he's such a fucking joke im fucking crying im so fucking done this is so fucking disgusting this orange fucking headass i swear to fuCKING GOD
Trump legit sounds like he's gonna fucking cry lol! 
zombies in space land 
Obama is our greatest president since FDR. Both Obama and FDR inherited economic disasters and both made the right decisions to put America back on the path to economic success. Now we'll watch while Trump implements the same tax plan as Bush and we'll be right back in another economic disaster before the end of Trump's first term. And for you lower and middle income folks out there who voted for Trump, just remember that the tax plan Trump wants to implement gives tax breaks to the wealthy. You know, those wealthy business owners who refuse to give you a decent raise or raise the minimum wage.
Trump said that he was viciously attacked and that gives him the right to attack back. He has viciously attacked Clinton and the media, so doesn't that mean they can viciously attack him? I really believe if Clinton had gotten down and dirty and called him a narcissistic asshole during one of the debates (maybe right after he called her a "nasty woman"), that some of the rural uneducated that elected Trump may have respected her more and voted for her. That sort of talk seems to appeal to the rural and uneducated.
Fuck Trump That Rich Icest Moron KeizerBitch
that's why Donald Trump will be a better prsident !
look at the way trump is talking! 
ol d bst
Trump is really funny. But if you want america to fail and loss their supper power. Try to fight russia and China. You will fail 100%
wooow Trumps a fucking dumbass lmfao just insult the guy no real comeback LMFAO!!!!!!!
booooo trump he racist.Obama is a loving kind person trump is racist to Mexicans trump is worse   Obama knows how to rule properly
FUNNY TO WATCH OBAMA TALKING SHITE... HOW NAIVE HE IS.....
Fuck all the Khan"s they are all Lowlife hindoe"s who sold their own Mam to the Saudi"s.
Obama Fuck you only Losers vote for you.>As Gowdy said i never vote for this Idiot.
No respect 
Donald Trump will be the best President we've ever had! Even WITHOUT the experience!! Such a breath of fresh air, after that hypocrite criminal we've had in office! Good-bye Obama! Good riddance!
is your time nytimes. fucking die bitch.
Barack Obama was never our president think it through Barack Obama
the fact that trump won is evidence enough that even non-whites voted for him including latin-americans. congratulations mister president DJ trump.
wtfdowedonow.
The Americans are seriously crazy enough to trust Donald Trump a True Sociopath with Nuclear weapons.
How many September 11ths has the United States caused in other nations since WWII?
The answer is possibly 10,000. One thing Americans should know - The international communities Hate You.
 The Only Thing Necessary for the Triumph of Evil is that Good Men Do Nothing 
stand your ground truuuuuump , much love
TRUMP will MAGA that is for sure. Anything will be better than the mess Obama left behind.
what retard lol ^^ i didnt like him already but daaaaamn after watching this xD an unexperienced redneck "politician" thinks he is better at politics than Obama who is a professional ^^
ALL OF THOSE WHO PROTEST AGAINST PRESIDENT TRUMP ARE JUST THE POISON AND PUSS COMING OUT FROM THE NATIONS OLD WOUNDS INFLICTED BY PAST ADMINISTRATIONS ------ A NEW ORDER IS DAWNING ------ THE LIBERAL POLITICALLY CORRECT MAGGOTS NOW HAVE TWO CHOICES ------ GET USED TO IT ------ OR ------ GET USED TO IT!!!!!!
Go TRUMP
Is anybody still listening to Mr. Lame Duck?
donalt trump is so right and awesome
Fuck Trump 2016
DONALD TRUMP IS MY PRESIDENT.....NEED I SAY MORE......
ohh Trump....I think your in for a very big surprise, you will go into shock. Obama was not vicious. And like a middle school child you resort to ad hominem barbs. Take the high road at least one damn time. I hope he changes his tune and becomes a great President. Hope...
fuck Donald trump!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Brock Obama all day!!!!!!!!!
Bill is a dishonest whore. He tries to put words in Trump's mouth
This is so stupid in so many ways  fucking Americans getting brainwashed on a daily bases. And I thought german television was shit. Have fun ruining the world by ignoring global warming. America first. Fucking dumb!
Hahaha...   after all Mr. Trump had won the election.  He is the Man.  Who can make this country great again.
Obodongo Hussein is a sore loser and an anti American
TRUMP POWER 
FUCK CROOKED HILLARY AND ALL HATERS
Bloody hell! What a moron!!! he answered with a gibberish mixture of words. Crimea, Isis, weak, disaster, recovery, home ownership... put it in a blender and make a speech

So the strategy with Russia is: Russia invades, Trumps goes and says! Good on you pall! Let's bomb Syria together now guy!

This is the strategy to be strong with Russia?! Fuck me!
Fuck off trump your the worst
Yes obama is the worst president, because under his command the terrorist took down the world trade center and also he finaced a war that wasnt supposed to happen and weaken u.s. economy by financing that war... ohh wait a minute, that was Bush right???
+pozion obama got 95% of the black race but i forget its not racist but voting trump is racist what a load of bullshit
I hope trump re segregates schools #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
FUCK BILL OREILLY RACIST ASS AND DONALD
This man talks sense.
Our winging COMMIE LIBERAL pricks are next here in Australia so awesome. Thank you.  He speaks the truth how it is and taking your country back. Just great like the old days.
Trump your awesome! From Australia
A professional liar who yells Obama and H.Clinton are liars.
Dear americans, fucking deal with your biggest politic mistake, you've elected a crazy man... a tycoon who cares a bout little white people??? You've been fooled and you will feel it during the next 4 years.
Democracy is "Of the PeopleFor the People ." not an unnamed government "elect" saying our individual states winning individual votes do not matter: : Than we are not a Democracy. The
'individual vote"  didNOT vote for child rapist The formally bankrupt traitor:. Conald Trump: None of the victims of rape and fraud asked for Trumps money nor stood to gain but swore to the truth of Jesus Christ not , by losing or winning, but fighting ...I am sorry for your American the Greats Democracy; for now we don't have a democracy: Donald is a traitor and a draft dodging con...not your story that liberals fight for :The Truth We must protest that America does not have Democracy...FIGHT FOR AMERICA IF YOU LOVE AMERICAS BEUTIFUL DEMOCRACY : Traitorous Trump did Not...he dodged the draft...he raped a 13 year old child...he inherited wealth to make bankruptcy: of my beautiful country.

 win
I sure hope nothing happens to us while Trump is in office
i want to hug Donald Trump so he cant escape when i blow myself up
Obama
Obama
Fuck trump
I Agree obama is weak
Obama: I think he's woefully unprepared to do this job. Trump: I think he's the worst president in the history of this country. 
That's all you need to know, this is one of the biggest plays in the Trump playbook; when they lob criticism at you tell them how much worse some other scenario is. Trump will be, perhaps the worst, president of all time. He truly is woefully unprepared.
may god bless president trump!
That "gold star" family are deeply entrenched political democratic operatives used to try to bring Trump down. Disgusting!
People may dispute it but it seems quite clear to me.
Obama gave us  change, where the cash it used to be.
Trump is not going to be any better then the rest.  In fact, he seems like he is going to be even worse.  he is allready a piece of shit and he is not even in office yet.
Donald McDonald is useles
gooo trump.
you are really stupid Poizon
How in the hell does the  so called greatest country in the world elect the Donald to be the leader of the free world. In do time ya'll will see that this was the worst possible choice for the Oval Office in American history.
Obama....what do you say now bitch?
obama gtfo!!
Fuck trump he want come to the hood with that bullshit!
He saying Obama weak but Obama rather fight other countries when Donald trump wants to become friends with them like get tf outta here with that bitch shit Obama is the best president and that will ever change
stop hating on donald trumb he aint that bad
"fuck Donald Trump" , I do not juge people from the beginning but someone like him who supports racism is just wrong in this world. I am so terrified that he got elected and that he won .....rip america #stand#for#your#rights
No not for the Donald. President Trump is so secure he can take Obamas insults and just laugh. But at the same time he states the facts about how much of a bad president Obama has been.
blacks for trump what about of bullshit just because you dont feel comfortable in your own skin ppl just put the anti christ in the office america wake up
hes not gonna make it somebody gonna blow his head clean off just like Kennedy
you dont know shitttttt
...by taking his job
Trump has been commenting on foreign policy since the early 80s and has been largely correct in his observations. He will be a far greater President than the community organizer could ever hope to be.
The 80's called, Mr. Obama, you should have taken their foreign policy back.
you just mad  donald  trump
o ok then
Obama is fucking useless without a teleprompter or notes.
Fuck you Trump 1000 times FUCK YOU
His face in the thumbnail tho
America is a joke now
when Obama was president was peace! :)
i just cant believe trump win the elections something happen some way look at thousands of people criticism him and hate him.
LOL - Trump's got balls! love it :)
Fuck Obama worst president ever. TRUMP MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
He literally did not answer the question. He just started talking about Russia and Hillary Clinton like wtf.
How about u donald u r the shittiest ever too rude when u talk what about the no experience in politics god will protect america from ur craziness
two presidents who aren't even close to the same league in terms of caliber
for more videos
https://twitter.com/goforgoal3/status/797282350971359232
Trump won't stay long in Office as the US president.. he has a low sense of humour,humility..just by looking at how he speaks  he does'nt even care about anybody.
Donald, shut you fat fucking mouth. you are the biggest liar out of anyone who ever ran.
PRESIDENT ELECT TRUMP!
thank g-d Donald Trump is our president elect
Whole Sri Lankan Sinhalese for Mr. Trump...!! He is the Peace maker for the whole globe. Believe me..!!
is a president really saying the rubbish words that offensed other ppl.. and how come a president dont have respect and judge ????? fuck off trump. #trumpisdump   you just dont deserve the president. you disgussed us assholes. look at us now !!! full of cheos because of you !!! just give the white house to hillary c. she deserve more than you assholes !!!!!!!!
Donald Duck is 1000x smarter than Donald trump(also known as Donald potato face the clown)
Donald Duck is a loser he sucks no one likes him because he is a loser boooooo for Donald Trump he is the mexicans worst enemy so i hate him Hillary Clinton shoud be the president she is better i hope you see this Hillary clinton and Donald Trump Trump u are a trumpet
trump not focus talk,,, look its your president now ! LMAO !
go mr truim we support yuo here from phill.dont trust cnn just becareful to the libersl party .. they did that here in philppines
Your the worst president that the United  States  ever had I  think I know are county is. In  trouble so  fuck Donald Trump
Look at you the United States of American is as soon as you be come present are country is in trouble
Trump WON the election DESPITE all the 'cheating' of the Clinton campaign...quit belly-aching, undermining democracy and acting like a bunch of pathetic losers who are not respecting the overwhelming vote of the people. Who cares what Mr useless Obama thinks?! CONGRATULATIONS TRUMP, all the world recognises you as The US President except for some liberal crybabies... we applaud you and stand with you!
Wow trump you are such an embarrassment. Look into the mirror and you see the worst president America will ever have . Obama did a great job
ASS.
This is the most we've OBOMA in the last SIX years.
My president  Trump speaks
OBAMA IS THE BEST PRESIDENT IN THE ENTIRE HISTORY OF THIS PLANET AND THE USA...!!! TRUMP CAN NEVER BE A GOOD PRESIDENT IF HE HAS SARAH PALIN, CHRIS CHRISTY AND ESPECIALLY RUDI SHITHEAD GULLIANI IN HIS TEAM...!! RUDI GULLIANI IS THE BIGGEST CREEP AND ASSHOLE IMAGINABLE...!!!WTF IS WRONG WITH TRUMP TO GET THIS ASSHOLE IN HIS TEAM...???!!!!FUCKIN HELL...WHAT A JOKE MAN...!!!GULLIANI IS ONE OF THE BIGGEST CROOKS ON THIS PLANET...!!!JUST BECAUSE TRUMP HAS HIM IN HIS ADMINISTRATION, EVERYONE SHOULD GO OUT AND ASK FOR HIS RESIGNITION...!!!
Obama what an idiot. Lets see lets arm the rebels and then send our troops in to fight them. Clinton Obama foreign policy was driving us to wwiii so save your crocodile tears u traitor
fast talker
The results teach us that what is rejected by men is accepted by God especially where the election exercise is conducted fairly.
fuck you trup
oh hold up trump ur d worst president  n vl b d worst for america in history
I for the very first time in my life agree with Trump and that is the Polls are rigged. He has a lot of promises to us I hope its not all bs, we shall see
Trump isn't going to fix the Country, he's going to make money on it. He's a businessman, not a leader, no experience whatsoever.
Utube Don Legend Esau...
Well. That happened.
O'Reilly, NOBODY gives a crap what the left wing press thinks.  The fact that The Donald was willing and able to stand up to their bullshit is PRECISELY why I got myself registered to vote in time to support him at the polls on November 8.
trump your fucking asshole fuck you.


#From netherland mf.
Well if Obama is one of the worst presidents, Trump is going to rise up to the top of the list.
how dare Obama say what he said
Trump would like never let the reporter talk.
He faced 4 times bancruptcy with his company. Yes, he you knows, how to make our country great again. I his about to create the big exodus. He is worst than W-Bush. Good luck I gonna leave america.
Happy for Trump win.
Make America great again
Obama was good to us
Trump a Dumbass Fuckin piece of Sh*t
when someone talk so much, probably he's not saying something smart at all
Donald trump you are bad priesdent
The American presidential election results appeals louder  to all leaders not toon ignore the glaringly changing political tarrain and the need to be extremely cautious about our choices
Trump think he's touch and everything to this world, he talk shit to everyone...
OBAMA THE DICK TICK IS LEAVING!!! HILLARY LEFT THE AIRPORT ON HER BROOM ALREADY!!!
Looks like Trump and Obama will be having fun this evening.
Trump sucks
When I see this useless piece of shit Singapore damn flag with American flag with that piece of shit Obummer talking trash about Trump, I knew that the Singapore government had imposed or recommended their authoritarian communist style to that trash O'bummer. Trump, please fuck the shit out of Singapore for me. Screw that piece of shit tiny island upside down like nobody has seen before.
fuck trump
Trump won, yeah!!!!!!!!!!!!!    Obama you were wrong as usual, now time to get out!   Putin said today he wants to restore our relations so Trump is already moving the country and world forward!!!!      Trump USA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ARE YOU KIDDING ME OBAMA IS AND WILL ALWAYS BE THE BEST PRESIDENT AMERICA WILL HAVE IN HISTORY TRUM WILL NEVER BE BETTER THEN HIM IN ANY WAY I DON'T WHAT AMERICA IS THINKING WE JUST WENT BACK TO WHEN HITLER WAS ALIVE. I'M SO DISAPOINTED IN AMERICA AND THEY CANDIDATS
obama was the best president and wil be for e4ver
is that Singapore's flag at the back of Obama?
He seriously just said to "knock out ISIS along with other countries." lol
Obama is the worst? Fuck you TRUMP you are the worst men I know.
trump   trump   trump      THANKS TO THE LORD!!!!    WE PRAY FOR YOU MR  TRUMP!   GOD BLESS AMERICA!!!
We are a country who handled Richard Nixon, I think we can handle Trump, hopefully.
I have no idea how he won.

I don't even know how much many did he lose to earn those votes.

But i know for sure that if he describe how bad Hillary/Obama is, he is a hundred times worse.
Atleast Obama doesn't mock disabled people and agrees with racism, Obama was the reason America was great again
f*** donald trump
pack up and leave
lool admitting he wants to kill isis badly
obama is a good man and I will fuck Donald Duck(Means Donald Trmup)
He acts like a fucking child
rosted
whoever is voting for trump, do you fuckers wanna go to war? and what if you had Mexican friends you think there happy nah, everyone think straight. Trump now has nuclear launch codes and he could screw over many things, tbh if he makes a bad mistake he's gonna get kicked out of the office. he basically messed up some of people's civil rights (FDT) people got kicked out of a place because of there color like damn people. yes you can have your opinions and what not but really?
Trumps President Hahahaha
Stupid Donald trump
xD
TRUMP 2016
FUCK DONALD TRUMP
What a fucking retard.
TRUMP with a lot of money is just a show off. Like wtf. TRUMP wants to go out with his daughter. That's some bullshit.
TRUMP BABY!!! COME ON EVERYBODY AND RIDE THE TRUMP TRAIN!!! WOHOO!!! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN AND FOR ALL THOSE WHO SAID THEY WOULD MOVE, SEE YA LATER! I'LL HELP YOU PACK AND DON'T LET THE DOOR HIT YOU ON THE ASS ON THE WAY OUT!!
Fuck Donald Trump
Why does obama pause every 2 seconds when he speaks. Btw I'm so happy this anti American terrorist is finally out! Yay president trump!
fuck trump
Fuck you! Donald trump ur so dumb! Obama is not an worst president best! @DonaldTrumpSucks

lets wear the same scarf only diferent colour
Thank you Mr. Trump.....oops sorry, President Trump,  A president doesnt need good oratory skills, especially for america. A USA president needs BIG n i meanBIIIIIIIG cohones......U got big balls man.....May God bless u...
well the idiot just broke one off in the establishment and the libtards soooo. guess genius better describes him now. love how they call them a gold star family. i understand why they do but their son made the sacrifice not them. they didnt offer their son to be sacrificed he volunteered to join the army and gave his own life. he was a true american. they shouldnt have politicized their sons life. he paid the ultimate price and shame on them for what they tried and failed to do in his name. i applaud president Trump for not backing down.
I hope Trump will be good president and fucking kill all terrorists and blow their heads off...
Obomba is ready for his visit with the hangman soon.
Trump will destroy America's credibility among favored nations and destroy American values and ethics. He has the ability to deflect answering questions and point fingers. He is a blustering, irresponsible person.
I hate trump he's rude and rasist I love obama
it will be VERY difficult for anyone to work with Trump as Prez though.
trump won were are all gonna die Im moveing to Canada
and this mofo got elected
i should have donald trmp but not hillary clinton
you can kiss my ass donald trump so shut the fuck up becuse you should not be president you should go to mental house
jebo donalda.............realno trebali su obamu lepo ostaviti i aj cao.
"What's say you?" then Trump went all out! hahaha
I really like this reporting, he treats Trump as an equal, no signs of intimidation.
That's how a president should be,trying to get along with other states like russia instead of playing strong and risking a nuclear world war just to keep some selfentitled sense of pride!He won and that's a good thing,go to canada you butthurt liberals!
trump kiss my bloody ass you dont diserve anything
Obama is the worse but bush isn't ???? man Donald can kiss my ass !!!
America may god be with you!! It's not that Hillary should've won but Trump isn't the shit either !!
Well America is now the laughing stock of the world LOL!!!!
Haha he messed with Trump! And now he has messed with the new president!
Bruh he ignored the answer the fuck
LIES TRUMP LIES GO TO ANOTHER STATE AND SUPPORT ITTHWLL SUPPORT  U
trump is beautifull...
after becoming american president anyone is beautifull..
YOURE THE WORST HUMAN EVER. FIRST SENTENCE IS ALREADY AN INSULT. FUCK YOU TRUMP.
in a nutshell :oh what ? you talk shit about me ? fuck you !
Fuck Donald Trump, Obama is much better than him and he still dares to fucking criticise Obama?
Thursday's meeting with Obama is going to be very uncomfortable.
Obama was just as uninformed when he first ran for President. His only experience was as a community organizer.
trump is an idiot and everyone who follows well lets call them idiots to, ignorant overtanned person, USA would be a better place if he leaves America
President Trump dismantle Obama's legacy. Obama care and the executive orders.
Thank god I don't live In America
If he wins then he probably bought the presidency
trump no
Am I the only one who notice how many times he kept talking over the news reporter and how pissed the guy was getting because of it.
I'm embarrassed to say I'm American...... both candidates are pieces of shit
Fuck you Trump you are a motherfucking shit you make us sick bitch you are the wordt shit on History
FUCK DONALD TRUMP
Maybe you should be even worse then halliry clinton
Disrespecting the president?maybe we should Disrespect you
U say Hilary clinton is gonna be the worst president ever then why is she not being a racist basterd like u huh
Trump.....why are u the worst president ever and I should choke and die
your English as president or even celebraty is very bad.            learn English and how to speak it
your English as president or even celebraty is very bad.            learn English and how to speak it
Obama isn't bad is it his fault that people are as twisted as him. he is going to start ww3 and Hilary is better than trump
to know donald trump will save white people and he wont give black anything
is barak obama more rich or donald trump
president barak obama is kind helpfull cares of his country while donald trump is a peice of shit he will destroy usa i dont want him
Obama does care and help people to develop, while Trump on the other hand he sees people as objects he owns or unclaimed. Then he just place people down on the ground and forces them to be buried ALIVE. Ps Trump supporters pls don't go on removing your shirts and shoes and be civilized and pls put down your guns and stop harassing women and people who aren't white and/or Non-Americans. War does not stop conflict it enhances it.
US folks can vote for Trump or they can vote for this:

Benghazi
ISIS
33K deleted emails
Banana republic justice
Men in girls restrooms
Mandatory LGBTWTFBBQ inclusiveness seminars
Endless manufactured outrage, I literally cant even
The Current Year, forever
Surrendering sovereignty to the UN
Bringing Ebola to America
SCOTUS packed with wise latinas
Diversity for thee, not for me
Doubling down on Obamacare
De facto repealing the Bill of Rights
The Lying Media
Trayvon
The Knockout Game
Ferguson
Orlando
Wall Street
Angelo Mozilo, Franklin Raines, Lloyd Blankfein, Jamie Dimon, Chuck Prince et al, all free to enjoy their stolen billions
The corrupt DOJ
Eric My People Holder
Paul Ryan and John Kasich
hallo ik ben iemand
It just gets worse and worse as I watch!
This man literally creates his own realities!
This man is a DIS ASTER

what basis does he even measure things by?

When does he not exaggerate or lie?
In the same month Obama was elected president, America suffered one of the biggest financial crashes it had ever experienced  on the morning of September 30th some one trillion dollars of wealth had been lost. Thats within his first few weeks of office! I notice that Trump attacks him on a personal level immediately, and as usual avoids facts. My own feeling is, that trump couldnt have dealt with the near collapse of the economy in 2008, and he couldnt deal with it now. Making executive decisions about the US economy is not quite like leasing your brand name to a series of hotels around the country. As for the Crimea and foreign policy generally something which is at present deeply sensitive and with far reaching consequences  the thought of him being responsible for it makes my blood run cold.
Is it me or is Donald Trump blinking alot in this video ?
Its not right for a women to be a president
omfg he doesnt make sense
he trying to roast.....And obama is a good president
Trump should go die in a hole
He only wants America to get along with Russia only for the simple fact that his STUPID ass wife is a Russian. I honestly don't like Donald Trump as a person but I would purchase a ticket if he ever became a Comedian cause some of the things he says has me ROLLING. Even Obama said he doesn't have the knowledge or background to even RUN the White House let a lone the COUNTRY. Although I may not like you Donald and you may not like ( for the simple reason that IM BLACK) I would definitely purchase a ticket if you were ever to become a comedian, but wait I would probably just get escorted out because of the color of my skin LOL. LBVS
this dude is a idiot..aaaah Mr.Trump thats not how its done in a real military operations ..That's Die Hard 2 Your thinking of sir..
oh can't get any you poor thing!
You guys are all the same
AMERICA IS LOOKING STUPID FBI IS WAY STUPID FOR LETTING HILLARY WALK ,,THE CLINTONS ARE CROOKED ,,I LOST ALL RESPECT OF THE FBI,,,I REALLY LOOKED UP TO THE FBI,,WELL NOT ANY MORE WHEN MONEY CAN BE A REASON TO LET HILLARY WALK AND I THINK THE REASON OF IT IS CAUSE OBAMA IS CROOKED WITH HER,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,ITS TIME FOR A CHANGE FOR AMERICA AND TRUM IS WHO WE NEED,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,FOR THE REAL HILLARY STOLE FROM WHITE HOUSE BEFORE LEAVING,,,,,,,,,,,WHY DO WE WANT MIS TRUST RUNNING OUR AMERICA,,,FUCK HILLARY JUST TRYING TO BE IN HISTORY BOOKS,,SHE DONT EVEN BELIEVE IN GOD,,,,SHE HASNT DONE ANY BIG CHANGE SAME OLE LIES,,,,SHE PUT AMERICA IN DANGER,,SHES AND OTHERS ARE PAYING THE BAD SHIT UNDER THE CARPET TO KEEP THE OTHER CROOKED DEMOCRATES IN OFFICE,,FUCK THEM AND FUCK THE FBI FOR NOT DOING THEIR JOB,,,,HILLARY AND OBAMA HAS COMMITTED TREASON ND NEED TO GO AWAY,,,,,,OR LET THAT TROOPER OUT OF JAIL RIGHT NOW CAUSE IF SHE DIDNT COMMIT TREASON NEITHER DID HE,,,,,,,,,,,FUCK YOU FBI ROOKS,,I HAVE NO MORE RESPECT FOR YOU,,,DO YOUR JOB AND PUT HER AWAY NOW,,,,,,,,,,,I CAN SMELL YOU FROM Y=HERE YOUR LETTING HILLARY WALK FREE AND GET HE ELECTED AND THEN YOU WILL IMPEACH HER MAKING THE POINT OF OTHER CROOKED DEMOCRATS IN OFFICE,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,FUCK ALL OF YOU DO
YOUR JOB AND PULL HER OUT NOW,,OR LET OUT TROOPER FREE,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,DONALD TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT ALL THE WAY AMERICA IS SICK OF IT AND WE WANT THE CHANGE,,,,,,,,,,,,GO GO TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT,,,,,,,,,,,HILLARY AND OTHERS FOR PRISON
I THINK OBAMA WAS THE WORST PRESIDENT EVER
2016- Everyone sucks- Godzilla for president
fuck Trump an his supporters
So all people and some "goldstar"  "families" are more equal under Obama, exactly what all the drive for equality is meant to mask, the GREATEST WEALTH INEQUALITY IN HUMAN HISTORY, particularly for the politically connected, first and foremost, loyal liars???
00:13 "Gold Star family..." is he talking about the Clintons???" Oh, no, my bad...wait, Trump is RUNNING AGAINST a Clinton, right? What with the remark about a goldstar family, when the DNC has been caught sending riot instigators to Trump rallies, and now warns the U.S. about "possible attacks" on Election Day. You think it might all be staged?
#billoreilly2k20
its true Obama didn't stop this clown bizz but I still like him idc about ya hate comments I have rights to say this
just compare the language each of them use to criticise one another

"the notion that he would attack a gold star family that made extraordinary sacrafices.. doesn't appear to have the basic knowledge around critical issues"

"I think he is the worst president in the history of our country. he has been a disaster."
How America can go from Obama to Trump boggles my mind.
Digital Marketing is now easy with adplotter. they can provide ultimate craiglist posting service and lots more. just visit their page for more. ultimatepowerposter [.com]
Guys trump is not trying to hert Obama's feelings don't skreem at him
I don't understand why trump wants to be president, oh that's right. so that he can get away with being sexist and being racist so that if anyone stands against him he can deport them or arrest them. I was raised to stand for what's right even if I stand alone. and what trump does isn't right.
He thinks Obama is the worst president of the United States. This bitch is dead.
Trump is a fuck nut.
At least Donald trump doesn't want America to go to war! Hillary  does though            So basically what Obama is saying is nuclear war is better than being racist now I hate racism but it's better than millions of people losing their lives
''alright..ok, let me refocus you back on the khan situation''.. boy! that was hilarious 
Am mexican . Fuck you trump
Donal Trump is stupid! Greetings from Norway.
Fuck you Donald Trump you punk
Fuck you Donald Trump you punk
Vote Trump!  Drain the swamp.  Obama is a terrorist who has torn our country apart from the White House.  Clintons are criminals of the worst.  Trump has Pence, who is great.
A GOLD STAR FAMILY ?   WHO IS HE TALKING ABOUT?   MY GRAND MOTHER HAS BEEN DEAD FOR 30 YEARS . & THE ONLY GOLD STAR FAMILY THAT I KNOW OF NOW IS DONALD TRUMP'S .OBAMA'S LOOKING LIKE AN IDIOT .... AGAIN
I actually cannot believe that people can defend trump. it's fucked up. If anything bad is said about him in a paper or in a video them that persons a liar or dishonest or bias. he has repeatedly degraded woman, openly bragged about sexually assaulting woman. He has no experience with politics and all he has done in his campaign is said he's going to start mass deportation, build a fucking wall and talked shit about the current president and Hillary. hes going to make america great again but has no idea how other than get rid of anyone that's not white. he's called entire races of people rapists and drug dealers. he has talked down to Americas military force, people who are dying for their country, saying the military is weak. he can't even answer the question in this fucking video. Obama says he's not prepared for presidency and he immediately starts bashing Obama saying Obama is the worst president ever. how can any human being watch what trump has done, and still vote for him. every person who is supporting trump is saying what he is doing is perfectly ok. every fucking person, that is sitting here defending his actions might as well sit in front of their children and be telling them that bullying, rape, hatred, racism and more is ok. Did everyone forget that this election is to decide who is going to run the united states of fucking america? this person is going to be a role model, someone little fucking kids are supposed to look up to. our children are going to grow up through 4 years with a racist, ignorant, sexual assaulting president and think that those action are ok because the president did it and everyone turned their fucking heads. America is great, vote trump in and allowing what he has done to just be ignored is what will make america a joke. 
who can honestly say they want their children to look up to a racist. 
who can actually go to sleep at night knowing their little girl is going to grow up the next 4 years knowing its ok for her to be degrade and assaulted just because she's a girl. 
who is it ok for a presidential candidate to do all of these things but if a I smoke a plant to help me function normally I get sent to jail. 
how can america let something like this get so out of hand. 
this isn't a joke guys, this isn't a dream. if something is not done now, then I'm genuinely afraid, terrified, of what will happen in the next 4 years.
For Crimea, Obama did nothing wrong. But it just doesn't work out the way he wanted. Maybe he should stop expanding NATO eastward from the very beginning. Trump is right about one thing. Why not make friend with Russia? The cold war is over and America is the winner. So why not try to be friend with Russia?
He's such a doushe. What a disgrace.
Fox tv and that fucking Dump Trump , please go fuck your selfe and leave this world
Preach it Trump,tell like it is AMEN BROTHER,OBAMA IS NOTHING BUT LIES, TRUMP TELLS THE TRUTH AGAIN AND HILLARY IS A PIECES OF SHIT TOO.
A RECENT CONSENSUS POLL WAS TAKEN IN A RED STATE!
Q: What swayed you to vote for, Trump/ Pence instead of for,  Hillary /kaine?
A: Hillary did NOT make a 'mistake'. She set up a system where she could CLAIM she made one if info got out by 'accident'.
Q: Seriously...Because she didn't want to get busted emailing her granddaughter a birthday card with a map of the Benghazi consulate building blueprints on it, is that what you are saying?
A: Yes...She sent emails to everyone, often attached to Christmas card messages which contained vital national information that could have caused the nation to be overrun by Muslims and gypsies'.
Q: Thank you for your answer.
YA LIKE DONALD TRUMP KNOWS EVERYTHING. Go make your rotten McDonald's
O'Reilly is fawning over Trump so he must be winning or about to win.
when someone replies to comments with insults instead of giving facts to clear his position.. it means he is lack of both wisdom and confidence
trump always looks like he's shitting in his pants.
I hope all of the ignorant children getting little "thumbs up" on youtube realize they have no idea what they're talking bout. Hilary is passing a bill for females to get drafted, and trying to be tough with Russia. Russian's are great people, and they are like us. If we go to war with them it will be the worst thing in history. Long after you and your family is dead. Russians are not bad people! Trump wants peace with russia, that is great! Put him in office 4 years then dont reelect you idiots.
Truly this president Obama has been the worst I have ever seen. The Obamacare was a failure and the TPA will limp America. How would anyone in the right mind ever vote for Hillary after the Watergate, Benghazi, 33k emails and now 650K emails that opens up national security issues? Obama is not even respected in Russia, China and Phillipines.
How many times did this old cunt blink?
shut up Trump if u win ur going to be the worst worst worst worst worst worst president of history
What a dumbass not voting this year fuck both them
Donald Trump looks like an angry duck
Obama youre boring as hell - time to leave lame duck- better do golf
dishonest! tell that to people that lost their money in your school & many bankruptcies!!!!
Be careful Americans, on what kind of leaders you choose to represent you. The world is watching. Some people say that Americans deserve to have trump, lead them. Just so that they can understand how bad this guy really is. Americans, have always been my heroes and saviors because they have been smart and educated people, but not this time and not with this clown running for office. How sad, that in my lifetime, I might get to see an imbecil run the great U.S. of A.
Bull shit! at least he knew Russia had gone in to Ukraine. Obama has more brain in his  toe than you have between your shoulders jackass.
This man is a bully a liar a cheat a scum bag. He is a thief a racist a uneducated moron who has no right to be any where tax payers money. Wake up before we are all screwd. Ow ya that's already happening. Wake up before our children have no future
FOX News=Republican Bullshit
The world will be a very dark place if Trump gets President.
American and people deserve better then Donald Trump just like Republican  party deserve better representative then this ass whole
3:21 What the actual fuck? I've seen this happen quite a few times already. Does he have a mental illness that causes him to compliment himself completely at random inbetween sentences? How do people not notice this?
Just put this on repeat dear Trump supporter and think about whether or not somebody who does this should have access to the nuclear codes.
"I push... I push buttons... verrry welll... I mean obviously"
Fuck this puto trump
WHAT?!?! How can Bill say you cant attack a mother who lost or son?!?! I think it's despicable that those parents took money from the Clintons to use their son as a way to attack the Trump campaign... And if she set me on fire no shit I'd speak out against the psycho
You know, they are all talking about how he is unfit for presidency, but I really do not think Trump would have let the russians take over in crimea. And Syria would have been fixed by now. The only thing I have agreed with Obama on is when he tried to go into Syria. I think since we are thought of as the world's police we should either act like it, or stop saying we are...
Donald trump ......... CAN YOU CHOKE ON AN INVISBILE TREE >
Answer the questions! god damnit
Obama and Hilary are probably screwing around lol. That's why he's so gung ho about her being president. She's a liar she's a peice of shit. Obama is the worst president we've had. Worthless shit. He's not even American. Fuck him. He's nothing. Can't stand em. Hope he loses everything.
I'm really glad about these new batch of emails from the power hungry nasty woman. 
Finally we're going to get our first Nazi POTUS. 
Herr D.J. Trump.
I think Donald Trump ate a few too many paint chips off of the walls of daddy's hotels...  He is so bad at the art of debate that he consistently resorts to argumentum ad-hominem attacks, as he has nothing intelligent, substantive or even relevant to the subject to talk about.  Every time I watch Donald Trump speak, I am rendered dumbstruck, mouth agape; he is surely the epitome of one who is guilty of hubris.
If this guy is elected... Leave NATO ASAP!
If it was up to me,  Trump and Clinton would have been shot long sgo...
I think he is a ***** and he should ** off. (Trump)
Let's just say #FDT and Obama is a champ
why does trump making that look on his face
Trump is making George W. Bush look good. Even Bill O'Reilly tries to stop Trump from saying any more.
I'm pretty sure there have been worse presidents than Obama.
look a da lies look a lok lok ...why studdddder trump?
Donald Trump, you have the right to remain silence. Barack Obama is not one of the worst presidents because... Unlike you Barack Obama isn't racist and doesn't want to build a wall. He's better then you!
Lol look at this guy's face...! He looks like a Simpsons character... If Obamas the worst president ever then what would this fool be? Smh..
Trump didn't answer the topic by defending himself, instead he attacked Obama, what a shit kid piece of shieeeet
I hate Trump
Wouldn't it be wonderful if NATO the alliance made against Russia fought with them. I love America I'm trying to immigrate but it Donald becomes president I won't be able to get their and truly believe Obama is the best president and one of the best humans in the world!!! 
Poor Bill, having to keep this adolescent in focus
blow it out of your ass Trump
obama was the best president
When Trump started speaking, he was like when someone falls out with there friend and just starts saying how rubbish they are, when they know the actual truth..
Trump is the worst,I think Obama was a great president HE WAS ELECTED TWICE if he was the worst he wouldn't been elected and trump is a racist and insulter towards ppl (Trump=Hitler)
fuck you trump.....
Even Billy O Reilly cant stand this idiot...(although ofc he is not supporting Hillary either)
Bill O'Reilly has tarnished his own reputation by supporting this demented orange buffoon.
Wow you can even tell O'Reilly hates this guy. He can't even string a sentence together.
Obama and the clintons are total Satanist ! Please everyone if you love your country , at least give Mr Trump a chance 
Donald Trump is a real American who cares for American people.
He will finish what J.F.K left behind.
Obama is a twat and a liar. You have done NOTHING, you are a puppet, now F off
He's like a psychotic parrot.
trump you have ruined america you fucking RACIST you like the old days where black people were punched i just want to say you are a fucking RACIST!!!!
DJ 'motherfuckin' Trump is not gonna win... hope he dies of cancer or worse.
fantastic Trump
wake up trump might have his faults but he'd be a great president for America up trump vote trump
Trump's coming undone - pre-psychosis only gets worse with age. He seems completely delusional and paranoidand has no facts toback up his accusations, just a lot of shit talking. I like the guy actually and he's probably a brilliant businessman CEO but completely unfit to run this country. Why would he want to anyway? Who needs that stress and pressure and I'm sure he has better things to do.
Trump's vocabulary... yikes OMG... Melania can speak english better lol.
look at trum at 0:53
Funny cause trump will never get to be in the Oval Office. Who is actually successful and not an immature idiot.
I hate you trump your racist
Donald is a fucking baby he Is no where to roasting Barack Obama
Does this idiot answer to the question asked? Trump please stop wasting oxygen .
Does Trump ever actually answer any question ever?
Donald Trump be quite. Brock has been a pretty good prez.Won two terms. You won't even win one. Vote for Gary Johnson.
fuck Donald trump
f*** donald trump obama is awsome and not a IGNORANT MINDED BIGOT all that money you have just build a wall around your own house or even better YOUR BIG FAT MOUTH
i really don't care but i'm only 12
Pre Obama national debt 10.6 trillion.......current USA national debt 19 trillion = total disaster as president
1:15 trump knowing more about foreign policy than obama?! Lol that is so much bullshit.
What a horrible man. The republicans must have been crazy to elect him as their nominee.
can obama run for president again after the 4 or 8 years ? .
For all you haters out there. Obama is one of the greatest president of America. He inherited the worst economy of the US and turned it around. everything he tried to do was always blocked by the gop who did nothing for the US. shame on the republicans to allow this unworthy man trump Trump to run for their party knowingly how disgraceful he is.
What the hell did trump ever done for this country??
dirty old man!!!!
the walking dead!!!!
he's done with
the American people are not stupid to elect this garbage to be our next president !!!
Trump is the wrong person
Even a potato would be a better president than Trump... Seriously no joking
Trump is a racist man, and he will never become president of America
Ok so being viscously attacked, means getting angry at a racist who wants to ban Muslims after their son died, really, do people not realize that trump started the whole thing.
plz guys dont vote for him that is not fair for muslims and who do he call weak president obama is much better then you
plz guys dont vote for him
he is so immature its insane! and he wants to run the country!
And one other thing. This bonehead keeps harping that Obama is the worst president ever. If this is true, then why is he leaving office with a HIGHER approval rating than any other president before him???
Trump is a sexual predator. Why do his supporters still support him? Why else? They're all sexual predators as well.
Typical Trump responses. Don't answer the questions. Don't try to spell out exactly where he believes Obama is wrong about him. Just dodge the issues and resort to unsubstantiated personal attacks on Obama and Clinton. That's about all this character is capable of - evasion and mud-slinging. He's just a rude, arrogant, egotistical blowhard.
"I was viciously attacked!" "I was viciously attacked!" "I was viciously attacked!" Aw, poor little Trumpsie. Didn't stop him viciously attacking others though, did it? Like the way he attacked Obama right from the start of this interview. Bloody hypocrite.
i swear, trump has been having serious constipation every time i see him on TV
just look at his face
Trump es un pendejo anaranjado
Share the tag #TrumpWontMakeAmericaGreatAgain
fuck donald trump
Bill is like the father constantly trying to... steer, Trump to the right way like "man, hush! stick to the script! remember our talking point!" smh lol pure comedy
Trump on point, what a disgrace Obama has been.
Egads! For the love of everything good and holy, set up a series of tests to differentiate qualified from unqualified candidates for presidency! Trump is an affront to everything a modern society should stand for. He's an ass and he's spreading bullshit around like it was candy. Cut your losses with him and fetch someone better qualified, less secretive, with less false pride and more open to discussion and actual problem solving. He's a fucking business man! He's not interested in people - he wants money, because money makes power. And not for you, the sorry mass of dimwits flocking around him, but for him. Solely for himself. And while on the mention of him being a business man, remember he's a rather poor one at that. He didn't MAKE his fortune, he INHERITED it! On top of that, he nearly lost it, too! He insisted Obama show his birth certificate to prove him being born in the U.S., but he refuses to show his tax papers to prove he's not dead broke? Come on, it reeks of poor judgement from any voter's side to accept that from a public person and would-be leader. He is not a man who spreads a vibe of trustworthiness. 'Cause, let's face it, criticizing others isn't a way to make yourself look better, owning up to your own words and accusations is. He's every bit a lesser man than Obama and would make an insanely unfit president.
trump cracks me up what a comedian
Trump needs to die!
Actually, Trump's words and proposals were very logic here.
jajaja
Why isn't Obama running the country?
Quit your whining Barry.
LOL!!!  What bullshit!!! "...me and my buddy Vladimir will fix USA!!!
Trumph is crazy. You know I have a bi-polar step mother, and she always claims that everyone else is lying and dishonest but really it is just her . . . I think he is just the same. He just tries to attack everyone else around him to try and make himself look better. So disgusted
Donald trump+bill o'reilly= most racist person on earth
O'reilly and his racist words
FUCK DONALD TRUMP
How is it possible that we take into account anything Obama
as to say after he has lied and increased the national debit by almost 9 trillion.
Showing us that we are in a silent recession. Another thing everybody knows for
a fact is that the George Bush election was rigged in Florida when his brother
Jed Bush was governor. I don't see anything wrong with a running candidate
stating the truth and exposing the flows in the political system. I was born in
N.Y.C. N.Y. and I'm of Mexican and Puerto Rican descent thx u. 

The Electoral College is a football game type election and should be abolished. The popular
vote should be the only way any President or politician should be allowed to
enter office. Give the people of the USA back its rightful powers.
Bullshit
Obama  is just saying that about trump because Obama dosnt want everyone to think that being a president is a really easy job to do. I think trump would do a better job than Obama and Hillary because they are puppets to the kabbal where's trump is his own man
FUCK OBAMA THAT PIECE OF SHIT IS THE WORST PRESIDENT
Dear Mr. Trump, you used to be a " vision", someone to look up to, now who am I listening to? that guy I used to look up to? no, I don't know, I am confused Mr. Trump, completely confused...
The five thousand people that liked this are Trumps booty lickers and the five thousand people that disliked it are my N words
fuck donld trump
Notice how calm O'Reilly is. Hardly any interruptions, very unpressured. Then go see an Obama interview.
The opening line by Chump was just typical Trump. You can almost predict what he's going to say.
Trump sounds like a wrestler's speech before a game.
Listening to Donald I can say just one thing the guy is a complete imbecile he can't even finish one sentence he jumps from one thing into another then he forgets where he started and starts something else and on and on....
Fuck trump
FUCK donald TRUMP
What a joke this man is
So hilarious seeing Donald talking about Crimea when he didn't even know Russia had invaded it in an interview earlier this year.
Every time Trump opens his mouth he sticks he foot in. What is wrong with this man?
His overreactions alone condemn him to the scrap heap of politics.  Can't have a pea-brained, bigoted, big-mouthed, hip-shooting cash-brat in the oval office.
A trump statement is essentially a string of unrelated ideas, fabrications, and personal attacks. They only thing they have in common is that they are coming out of his ass.
trump asshole hillary bitch your government peace of sheet you are all die!
Trump is fucked up now ! No chance he is gonna be the president of The US
Main Stream Line... The Whole World will Stands Only With The Strong Decision Taken With Strong Mind Of Strong Country Whether it is Shit... This is True....
Love You
nothing else but shit comes out of Trump ugly mouth. He is always repeating every sentence he says. He has no sense of reality and he loves nobody else but himself. Worst president candicate ever!. You're FIRED! Trump
i bet reaching obamas level would be a nightmare to you.
EVIL Sociopaths
HildaBeast & ObombO
Sociopaths are masters at influence and deception. Very little of what 
they say actually checks out in terms of facts or reality, but they're 
extremely skillful at making the things they say sound believable, even if they're just making them up out of thin air.
How can you support someone whose own party disowns him?!
Obama is a total failure, double digit crime rate increase, dead economy, inner cities are exploding...and Crooked Hillary is raking billions. LOLOL  Obama is the worst puppet I have ever seen. Why is he ashamed of is homosexuality?
Trump forget to finish what you started your a humiliating Americans and your a problem in hour country you fool
"constipated toddler face" :D
trump please go away and when you speak, please get your factsheet correct.
No bush was the worst president, a recession and a trillion dollar war.
Trump is so smart, he knows what to say, how to manipulate audiences, he is great.
Trump is a waste of flesh
I cringed after Trump said Obama is the worst president in the history. But know that Trump is gunna be x2 worse than Obama. If Obama was worse than bush, than Trump will be worse than Obama, and the cycle will continue president by president.
Hey 'Mericans! Don't you worry. A research shows (according to the book "Learned Optimism") that a candidate with a pessimistic speech pattern almost never wins! I'm Canadian but I do care about your election because I'm also an Earthian! And here on this Earth, we endorse progress, love, and compassion. 
Take care!
Hey 'Mericans! Don't you worry. A research shows (according to the book "Learned Optimism") that a candidate with a pessimistic speech pattern almost never wins! I'm Canadian but I do care about your election because I'm also an Earthian! And here on this Earth, we endorse progress, love, and compassion. 
Take care!
I know some folks are pissed with Obama... and are waving graph's in the air screaming "look how national debt has gone up" along other things but im telling ya if this guy Trump gets in we are all fucked... you wont need a graph to show the chaos this man will cause in the world, im not a "doomy" guy but if he gets elected im truly scared as to where we will all end up and when i say "WE" i mean the planet not just the USA....
INFOWARS COM !!!  Exposing Government corruption !!!  Got more subscribers than lying CNN  !!! GO TRUMP!!!
  Clinton's for JAIL !!!!  Both of them  and FK Obdumbo
Trump's head is about to explode! Run
Jezus trump talks some shit
You Suck Trump!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
how can this asshole be a president
wow... when you mexican and actually scared of the elections for your family.... cuz both white fuckers suck ass...
I can say this, if he did not speak from his arse he may have won, but every time he opens a hole I don't know which one is he speaking from his ass or his mouth. Always shit comes out.
Hillary AND Donald are not mature enough, Barak should stay president, he was America's best.
I  dont like you Trump
Vote trump he honest
LMAO! Trump chumps are the dumbest mother fuckers on the planet.
All you hear from Trump is how he wants to get along with people and help people, and fix the country. All you hear from Hillary and Obama, is trash talk about how terrible Trump is.
Hillary and Trump supporters talk down to minorities like little dogs, that are to dumb to think. .. I don't get why they still like them. :/
I know he keeps getting attack again and again and again but almost as much as i hate him and are kinda feeling pity for him but lets be honest and real. He deserve it, no , hes even acting likes hes ASKING for it. I mean cmon he insults every one. Say whatever mean crap passes out of his mind and what he expect from the media and general public? A hug? Of course every one gonna hate a "man" who acts like a spoiled brat! And hes running for president whats make it worse!! Hes not used to rejection neither to people bad talk him since before he was mostly funny for his attitude as a showman but now he does and say things that get serious and personal for everyone and expect everything to be the same. Sad...
i don't get it.. if you have to endorse a "tuff guy" who "said it as it is" why on hell would you choose a crying  child who blam anyone else but him? 

viciously attack what did that even mean?
Obama really seems to be desperate and embarrassing himself
Trump is the guy to bring America back to its glory unlike killary, be prepared to be nuked if you choose crooked killary.
They will alwys tell you tht the Democrats are the good guys and make The others bad on their controlled news.. not a secret anymore even in Germany we know about that. Like they alway tell you Putin is the bad guy and all germany are evil ;)
guys i`m from Germany and seriously, you guys need to wake up... your country is fucked and so is ours as it`s controlled by yours.. so please, everyone who is still  able to think freely, don`t vote this crazy b** Hillary for your president. Please, do what will make your country great again, free and finally  free from the corrupt elite that wants you to do what obama tells you and vote hillary because she will continue the insane politics that obama and the elite started... please guys!!!
Obama looks so angry from the inside, it shows in his eyes. Go Trump!
When I saw his face in 0:03 I started laughing so hard. His face is just pathetic lmao
Every one seems to be dishonest except Trump!!.
Trump sits like a hunch back child and pouts like one sitting there. He can't talk straight and thinks he knows it all. FUCK OFF TRUMP YOU WHORE MAN. IF I MET TRUMP I WOULD SLAP HIS FACE AND DUMP HIM IN THE OCEAN AND LET THE SHARKS EAT HIM, ALL OF TRUMPS FAMILY ARE A BUNCH OF WHORES. THEY HAVE NO BUSINESS IN THE WHITEHOUSE, THEY ARE RACISTS, PRESIDENT LINCOLN WOULD ROLL OVER IN HIS GRAVE IF THAT PIECE OF SHIT TRUMP WAS IN THERE. AND HILLARY NEEDS A SLAP FOR STAYING WITH HER CHEATING HUSBAND.
No doubt, Trump is a C.U.N.T!
"You know what a supporter I am,"I think that you're as smart as can be, I think you are qualified, I think you stand for everything and that's I want in a president." Vote for Hillary Clinton. She's just wonderful and way too experienced than this weird trump came from nowhere. If I were a American I'd have voted Clinton but I'm British. Donald Trump, America is a multi national country and you have no rights to ban Muslims or any other black person. If you were in UK, You would have got arrested for standing against black people and spreading racisim. America is a country of freedom and you can not go and ban black people and Muslims.  Go back and work in McDonald's.
Can someone explain to me why trump is even relevant?
"Worst president in the history of our country....he has been ineffective"

Counter : 
1) Obama got us out of the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression
2) America's economy and workforce is stronger than any other country in the world combined under his presidency
"I love they poorly educated"~  Trump. The comment section shows the poorly educated love Trump too.
Obama is an anti american FUCK
TRUMP IS A BIG FAT BABY.
he said obama is probably the worst president. well,  i am done with this shit. Did this guy even finished his law degree?
600 calls for help and no resposnce.
And they criticise Hilary's campaign for staging Mr Khan's attack on Trump... I just watched 7 minutes of flirting between two of America's most repulsive white men
Even O'Reilly is having trouble supporting his friend.
Trump looks dump hahaha
he just attacked him instead of focusing on the facts
That moment where Bill O' Reilly finally found someone more hateable than he
Hillary Clinton is gonna be president . has anyone not noticed all the tv shows and movies that have symbolically put a woman in position to be president. its a foreshadowing event that is to happen.
does anybody notice trump looks mad like a little spoiled boy lmao? I mean why is he looking like he is pouting
kimak US mesti diorg tk tahu ak ckp pe
i think trump would be good president rather what every one is saying about him 
he has some balls
such a temperament!
LOOK AT THIS DUDE 
I wanted to punch trump through my phone tbh
"extrodinary sacrifices". like deleting emails containing information concerning the dilema in middle east. With all the weaponary and technology the u.s has we couldve easily dusted a few "terroist" underground. But there is a reason we have not. The reason these movements still exist will not be revealled to the general public and will be covered up until info is leaked. And they will still deny such connections or the donations made by saudi to the clinton admin.
Trump is a bitch boy, constant bickering like a kid, gossiping like a girl, and they want this guy to be in charge of America.
Can't believe so many stupid people  believe what Hillary promises to do for our country.. she's had plenty of time to prove herself but has NEVER come through. Come on people! We need help now! Your children's lives are at stake! Hillary for president is A BIG BIG MISTAKE.   She said "Democrats are stupid --theyll believe anything I Say". Are you all really STUPID like she calls you?I don't like the idea that the "undocumented" are going to be allowed to walk all over us and use our taxes for their needs while so many of our natural born citizens are living below the poverty level. We need to take care of them first.  When a law is  broken in this country it is a crime. Let's be frank these people are "illegals" therefore, unfor -   tunatly, they ARE CRIMINALS, breaking the laws of our GREAT USA. I call it like it is.
Wouldn't creating another World War be wonderful.
he is going to hold the key of nuke ? oh my God Lord help us he may get angry and push the nuke button then he says I can't do something wrong Sorry??
everyone is all wrong because I am God you never knew.
Trump is full of hate!  he has no common sense at all! He sounds very uneducated when he speaks! Not fit for a President what so ever!!
lol all the immigrant is freaking out...
why is his face always full of hate? even when he's happy, he looks retarded
Obama is just a puppet that the government uses to control to do what they want that's what i think,  Hilary is so corrupted that i support Donald because she should be in jail for the things she has done and just because her last name is Clinton she was able to get out of her stuff and not go to jail.
Donald Trump: You know and I moved on her actually. You know she was down on Palm Beach.
Unknown: She used to be great. She's still very beautiful.
Trump: I moved on her and I failed. I'll admit it. 
Trump: I did try and fuck her. She was married.
Unknown: That's huge news.
Trump: No, no, Nancy. No this was  and I moved on her very heavily, in fact, I took her out furniture shopping. She wanted to get some furniture. I said I'll show you where they have some nice furniture. I took her out furniture. I moved on her like a bitch, but I couldn't get there, and she was married. Then all of a sudden I see her, she's now got the big phony tits and everything. She's totally changed her look.
Bush: Sheesh, your girl's hot as shit. In the purple.
Various: Whoa! Yes! Whoa!
Bush: Yes! The Donald has scored. Whoa, my man!
Trump: Look at you. You are a pussy.
Trump: Maybe it's a different one.
Bush: It better not be the publicist. No, it's her. It's 
Trump: Yeah, that's her. With the gold. I better use some Tic Tacs just in case I start kissing her. You know I'm automatically attracted to beautiful  I just start kissing them. It's like a magnet. Just kiss. I don't even wait. And when you're a star they let you do it. You can do anything.
Bush: Whatever you want.
Trump: Grab them by the pussy. You can do anything.
Bush: Yeah those legs, all I can see is the legs.
Trump: Oh, it looks good.
Bush: Come on, shorty.
Trump: Oh, nice legs, huh?
Bush: Oof, get out of the way, honey. Oh, that's good legs. Go ahead.
Trump: It's always good if you don't fall out of the bus. Like Ford, Gerald Ford, remember?
Bush: Down below. Pull the handle.
Trump: Hello, how are you, hi.
Arianne Zucker: Hi Mr. Trump. How are you?
I'm listening to a man who's rude, disrespectful, verbally deranged and very unfit as leader of... anything. The world is observing this comic tragedy and we are amassed how many dysfunctional people there obviously are in the US of A because... how on earth can anyone in his right mind support this buffoon.
oh god this Orange fart is an old record. in most countries such people are marginal <20%. why is it in the USA that it represents 50%? Would it be fair to state USA is becoming an Intolerant State? A country to start embargos against .. perhaps its time.
Everything is a disaster to him.
The most fucked i stop after first few words
At the end of the day he is our president like it or not!
All I hear is blah blah blah!
this mans a fucking idiot
Obama is a pussy
...do you even hear yourself?
Obama makes good point,trump cry's about shit he does'nt know about
This country has became an alien country
If Obama is the worst what will you become?
The way that this is explained Obama DID NOT attack him with insults and criticism. Yes Obama was saying Trump was wrong to be racist to be sexist which is fact no no one should be sexist or racist. Of course because he's Trump he's says everyone's attacking him (which they are not they are just formally criticising) and viciously attack the other person in not even close to formal format, HE EVEN ATTACKED THE GUY HE WAS TALKING TO
Mr. Trump is mentally ill
Trump is so stupid
I hate Donald TRUMP because I am a mixiten I very hate he don't vote for him his mean I well vote the girl
if donald trump wins..  the purge will be announced for his personal rich..  beware guys..  XD
my country flag is right on the left side of obama..  Singapore..  XD
Donald trump is a asshole
As much as many people complained and hated President Obama, they will wish we had someone of his intelligence in the White House after Novembers election.
Is Trump from South Park? His mouth is tiny (like other things).
Bill O'Reilly is obviously trying to help Trump speak and Answer the Questions he asked him lol omg the media in America is a circus
Donald is a the most hateful, racist, lying, hippocritical biggot.
FDT Obama is way better than trump also Hilary is better
rest in peace Obama fuck you let's go Trump
Ohmygod. How do people not see how ignorant trump is he makes up facts that agree with the argument he makes in the moment he's making them. He says to look at the lies about Hillary, but does he realize he lies more than any politician ever has it's like he doesn't know that fact checkers exist and they bite him in the ass every time! I'm not supporting Hillary either but I will vote for her if that's what it takes to stop him from being the leader of our nation
To the comment saying if he so bad, why did he get elected twice... let me remind you, Bush also got elected  twice
Fark donald trump
3:21  LOL-->  "I speak... I speak.......vvvvvery  well-l-l-l-l.......... eh... obviously... i mean..."
Why when we were kids were we told we could be anybody we wanted to be.  Why not Trump?  Every president has a table full of advisers and aides to help him.  He doesn't act alone.  So why not?  He can learn just like anybody else.
only stupid will vote you
He's so stupid little orange liar
Point to Crimea on a map, Donald? Thought so. And you also have the monopoly on lying according to all the fact check sites.
DONALD TUMRMPIT IS FIT FOR REALITY TV!! NOTHING ELSE!! *TRUMP
classic trump, when asked about a question. He never answer them, he probably know nothing about it.

When asked about foreign policies, he went on bla bla bla and insulted the current president and hillary.
Fuck the KKK. Fuck TRUMP. FUCK white america. Immigrants and Native Americans will take over again.
TRUMP SHOULD GO TO HELL, HE IS TOO STUPID TO BE EVEN A HUMAN, HE CAN NOT ANSWER ANY QUESTIONS CORRECTLY.  HE IS A LIAR, A FOOL, A PIG ...HE THOUGHT HE CAN LIE ALL THE TIME AND NO BODY WILL FIND OUT ABOUT IT.  SHAME ON HIM.......
Dear Trump,
The presidential election is not a place for your drama, this is a serious job and yours honestly not a serious man, your supporters love you for your attention, you would be a great drama actor, but a peice of shit president.
You're not open to any other opinion, if you want to be a good president then you need to be able to listen, not fight with anyone with criticism, Narcissism is not a trait for a president.
so go home
thank you
fuck of little fucking trump bitch you have no fucking rite
you fucking are in isis little bitch trump fuck
your al little bitch trump i am mexican
boul crap south side bloods
fuck Donald trump
'I was viciously attacked.'
Well what are you doing right now
I'm not even a US citizen but i know these few points to say that Obama is one of the good presidents in US history. 
1. 78 straight months of economic expansion
2. longest period of private sector job creation in American history.
3. Unemployment has dropped from 10.1% in October of 2009 to 4.9% by early 2016.
4. The stock market continues to set new record highs since President Obama took office.
5. At least 18 million more Americans now have health insurance than before.
6. fewer soldiers, sailors, and airmen in war zones than America did at any time in the last 12 years.

and there are lot of other progress..

Please send OBAMA to my country so that we can get better.
This guy is useless, and yet there are people out there who support him, God left America
Salty. Simply Salty.
Fuck Trump
Jacob Zuma is the worst in the world
it's funny how they expect perfection from Trump but turn a blind eye to the gay mulatto's utter inability to be a leader.
BILL O'REILLY IS AN IGNORANT DUMBASS!!
Trump is an ignorant, stupid prick who never knows what he's actually talking about!!
can someone reveal trump's GPA?
poizon he got elected again because everybody was not up on his bullshit and besides that there idiots like you so you fuck off fuckhead
This dumb ass wants to join teams with Russia.....just so he can extend his empire...ridiculous.
The worst president in the history of the United States....really you fascist pig? Even I know more about global situations than Trump.
Trumpet just said that he knows more about foreign policy than Obama ?  Is he taking us for stupid asses ? What an imbecile mediocre clown.
"I read a lot"

Biggest lie Trump ever told.
If you're "punchin down" and say something idiotic .You have to deal with the consequences..."bad left wing reporting" doesn't excuse idiotic things people say.
They've been around for ever Trump your an idiot they will be around longer than you, and when you disappear after you loose the election clown
Many people they said wtf, who that man is an idiot I hear wtf, is that what he is gonna say when they ask the tough questions if he becomes president. You see the news guys try to advise him as he was some child Trump is an idiot
OMG! He always throws in false statistics they say ect.... Trump is a clown everything that comes out of his mouth is 
"wouldn't t be wonderful if we were working with russia instead of fighting"... do you know what the fuck foreign relations even is? Putin is corrupt, inhumane, and dictator-like. that is why we do not work with him.
That Trump grimace is so comical
my name is donald trump and I talk shit about people cause I think I'm perfect huhhhhh
Woah. The cut from Barack's speech to Trump's answer just reminded me so so much of the youtube comment section, when an intellectual and a moron clash. You could pretty much translate it back to: A:"I think there is a vital flaw in your position because of this specific evidence and for that reason I'd like to correct you on this" B: "Fuck you motherfucking cunt you're an asshole and you're stupid and you know nothing nothing so fuck you also you have a small dick!" 

And there you have it. It's uncanny how much that sounded lile the generic youtube comments I just described and it's honestly rather shocking in my opinion, because that second commender is the guy who might become America's next president. What a desaster, how did this ever happen?! O.o
Y is Donald sooooooo dumb for?
Trump kinda looks like Martin sheen. I am a bigger fan of martin than this dude tho.
If only Americans can actually see the truth & what a major mistake even thinking that trump actually got to this point in the elections.. he has 0 knowledge about anything even his business is a lie how can an idiot run a country?!!! U can only imagine what America will be
Trump is an idiot
Fucking moron
if u vote and follow politics u give poeer to these blood sucking bitches
wow trump is smart he should be president..... he dosen't shut the fuck up damnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn daniel
come to canada yallll ,
Why is he so immature?
FUCK TRUMP!!!
Bdw no hate but is trump a jew?
America, Russia, Iran and Israel have been terrorists
  Responsible for the killing of children in the world
Guys, everyone is going for Trump because of a lie that Hillary Clinton said. In youtube, there was a live stream about the debate  and in the live chat, everyone is going for Trump, I don't know why they are. LOOK AT THE LIE, LOOK AT THE LIE!   2:26
I have come to the realization that most of you people actually do not understand what Donald Trump stands for what his political platform is

because you actually don't go out and seek the knowledge for yourself you wait and you watch mainstream media you listen to all the crap that comes from CNN and every other liberal media there is

and you believe everything you're told and it's kind of funny especially those of you who listen to CNN they're called The Conspiracy News Network for a reason  they will make stories up at the drop of a hat just to get your attention away from what's really going on in the world

they have been called several times faking stories and it's ridiculous that people still believe anything they say is ridiculous that you believe anything that comes from the liberal media when all you have to do is research it for yourself and you will come to find the real story

you people have fallen so far down the rabbit hole that is damn near impossible to pull you back out of it you like blind little sheep Following the Leader to the slaughter and you don't question why

you don't seek out the truth you just believe what you're told and you take that at face value and you run with it and then you go around social media and your neighborhood and to your friends and you spread this crap by telling it to other people and you tell it to them and know that they actually believe you and they join you in the rabbit hole they're not as far down as you are so they can actually be pulled back out and they can be shown the truth

people seriously wake up before it's too late and you do something stupid like go and actually vote for Hillary Clinton someone who is a criminal she has no business whatsoever even running for president much less being elected I'm pleading with you on behalf of every American citizen who has woken up and sees what's going on please do the research for yourself seek out the truth don't listen to the mainstream liberal media they are lying to you they want you to buy into their narrative of their version of what Donald Trump is so they can keep you distracted 

and keep your focus away from what they're actually doing if you haven't noticed they're doing everything possible that's within their power to push for people to elect Hillary Clinton they have gone as far as censoring people shirts that they do interviews with that says vote for Trump if you don't believe it go look it up
his face is funny af
WRONG
he is fucking idiot....hahaha
Hillary has been selected guys don't waste to ur time lol
this man is done - stick a fork in him and cooked! Fuck Bill o' too
fuck off fox news and cnn too
Trump: Vote for me! Lets make America screwed again.
Do research people on who really runs this country, wake up!!! Doesn't matter who you vote for gonna get same results! This country is owned!!!
Yes he IS looseing
did drump is a human being very ugly man in the word i never see his type of human being in my life blie
wake up america..dump trump..he is not qualified
i hate this ass
youre worse old f* **n man
He's got no respect... NONE! How can people take him seriously?....
where's the back up on saying he's the worst? all he said was that his "numbers are at record low." so fucking dumb..
Of the two major party candidates, which do you think would be able to give a better answer to the question, What is the difference between a discussion, a debate and an argument?
The problem is, when trump started speaking, the first sentence was negative it was in a negative tone, it was in a negative setting. Thats the under lying message, he's simply pumping negativity in your head. But the truth is negativity is easier to talk about then positivity there.
trump needs to win
Viciously attacked?. What a thin skinned "Man Baby", and a draft dodger to boot. You people want to be led by this fool?.
This guy is blatantly racist and sexist ...
Obama has been the best imo.
Trump is authoritharian. He loves Putin and Kim Jong Ul, he hates NATO, he is a nativist and nationalist, he hates free press and criticism, so for him anti-globalism is just an excuse tu concentrate power. You may criticize some aspect of current globalization, but that does not give you the right to vote for an authoritharian and sacrifice your natural rights and those of people that surround you.
orielys a cunt
OBAMA  SPENDS TOO MUCH TIME BASHING DONALD TRUMP. WHY?  HE 'S  AFRAID OF HIM.  SIMPLE.  OBAMA IS A REAL COWARD.
Just listening to this orange piece of shit is nauseating!
I'm from Ukraine and I can't stand Obama and fucking Nuland, who sponsored illegal coup in my country
Donald Trump sucks i like Hillary Clinton 
I am a Filipino. Watching this have ,made me think of what have been happening in my country. Before the election, some people were asking for a TOTAL CHANGE without analyzing that changes have actually taking place (maybe not as perfect as everybody's expectations) & that we are actually moving forward .. And heaven heard the people's plea. Now we are experiencing A TOTAL CHANGE for this new administration. An abrupt change that I don't know what the future may bring, and its been just only 4 months ago.. And my only prayer that, may God help the Filipinos and my country..... Americans should vote wisely. Your incoming President represents YOU.
Haha. When bill said, "Let me refocus you back"; I had to laugh because that's how all interviewer and perhaps most listeners feel when donald talks.  He seems to have a severe case of dyslexia.  He changes topic every 30 seconds at times.  It leaves people confused.  I hope that works on chinese leadership if he is president.
Trump will win in an avalanche ..
if you concentrate on the bottom of the donalds face, it looks like his head has been photoshoped onto his body
This idiot is funny af.
Is Obama under drugs when he speaks? IS he sleeping?
Trump can not put together two sentences that are complete. He is a MOORRROONN! WRONG
booo trump get off the stage
Trump just screams, he sucks, she sucks, im good.
I'm gonna fix everything.

Buy he never says how.
I do not understand how some people have confidence this man could make their countries better.
How he could make a better future for their children.
Also, he is way too pro-life. I'm not saying that being pro-life is a bad thing. Everybody has their right to have an opinion, but most of the wars were started by religion. (Also over power.) Which if I;m being honest is all I think he's after. It's very typical for successful business men to go into politics.

But worst of all when Obama gives his opinion, all he starts screaming is: You're a bad president. It's a childish response.
I like that Trump is not scared to speak his opinion in a non-political way. But I don't like his opinion... ( Or so to speak.)

Obama is one the greatest presidents America has ever had.
I wish Michelle had been in this race for presidence.
Trump is disgusting.
how the fuck does a retard like this become a presidential candidate
Fuck Obama
he looks so weird and looks like piggy hair
1949 and 2016 are extremely different.  you can not compare the present to the past.  In some aspects we can learn but not compare.
he's so silly <3
Trump I hate u
can't teach a dump trump
dump trump his face look stupid
Donald Tramp is the DONKY of the U.S. period ! Tramp is pshycotic !
Moving to Canada...or maybe Asia...Russia probably...anywhere but America.
His a rich hillbilly .... racist, sexist and ignorant
Illinois is now top 1 state marching to bankruptcy and Chicago is most violent city of those with more than 2 million citizens.
lol sounds like the news are fighting with everyone ... shoudlnt it just say the NEWS!
Since Trump is the one that went to another country congratulating them on deciding to 'take their country back' and they voted 'no'. I'm going to have to agree with Obama on this one. Trump knows very little and he acts like a preschooler having tantrums when he doesn't get his way and yet for some reason people support him.
Trump...why would you say things that aren't true? Obama is one of the best presidents I have ever heard of. If you're president, I would say that YOU were one of the worst presidents of our country! With your corn on the cob hair. 
Donald Dump = a crancky old man with a bitter face and narrow brain, no manners,  who has a plastic superficial family and lifestyle.

President Obama = a very charming, diplomatic, highly intelligent man, who thinks outside the box and has an admirable family.
He looks like a fat blonde/ginger  like -pussy Cat that needs to go on a diet!!or a Baby that's pretty constipated with "intolerance"
the fuck are you guys talking . Obama was the best President. trump sucks big donkey balls
Why is trump sitting there pouting like a little boy who got his lollipop taken away because he got in trouble with his mommy...
what if this guy doesent get extra years in america and decides send off a nuke or 2 he is a dangerouse dog who should be put down fast isses assembly kkk where you at kill this bitch
fuck donald trump
yeh well, Good luck america, It feels like watching this stupid movies where the US president is the dumbest guy the country can provide .
p.s. obama is dishonest because he didn't answer any questions to Mitt Romney and ignored the time Mitt Romney was talking in
take it like this, Trump is a person who wants best for the US -not the whole world to have peace, "It is an unfortunate fact that we can secure peace only by preparing for war."  John F. Kennedy once said. But Hillary thinks we should try to be super peaceful and try to fix things like giving poor people more and taking away from the wealthy who actually come up with inventions that support your everyday life. Giving the poor more will not help them it will only hurt everyone because they typically can't afford to manage their money well because they aren't well educated.  Hillary is a huge liar who deserves to be in prison, she lies for power. Trump isn't just some idiot who says make America great again and Build a Wall, he is also passionate about making america the best place to be.
If the media isn't with you,nobody can save you.
Obama is so disqualified president ever he sold us out the Americans. Trump/ & putin can support both countries get along with eachother. no wars no more
I still didn't hear an answer to the original question. what he does best I guess.
FUCK Trump,racist sexist,lying piece of sht,and f Hillary too,fake ass lying hoe,ima go to Canada.F this
YES IT ENDS UP BEING A FOUR-DAY STORY BECAUSE YOU'RE ENOUGH OF A DUMBASS TO COMPARE YOUR "SACRIFICE" OF HIRING PEOPLE TO WORK ON YOUR HOTELS WITH A MOTHER'S LOSS OF HER SON
I am russian and i want the U.S and Russia get along.  Trump wants it too, so i am cool with Trump becoming your new president. 
I am not a sexist, but i don't think that the woman should rule such a big, powerful contry like the U.S.
you need a strong leader that is willing to cooperate with Russia. we will both benefit from it, I quarantee it.
you mean to tell me 50%of people who gave thumbs on this clip are gigantic dummies? O_o
Wait is he a child?!! 
Bill knows is guy is a joke.
Most of you can't even run your lives, how are you qualified to decide who can run a country? Trump has not yet had the opportunity to show what he can do. Hillary has had years and look what she's done. lie lie lie and deny. I will take the wildcard trump.
While Hillary's husband was in office, they both signed off on a bill that incarcerated over 600,000 black men. Democratic party is the modern day plantation.
no WW3
trump is a dummy
fuckin Psycho!  god help The American people.... this man is crazy and clinton well she aint gonna b much use either! who needs you Political Pricks!  Fuckin Die Wankers
fuck u Trumppppp
also go back to mcdonalds and i hope someone kills you
your hair could do better job than you trump
faggot
Everyone is dishonest but him?!?!?!?!?!?!   Someone should sew his pouty ugly mouth shut so we don't have to listen to him anymore. SHUT HIM THE F***K UP!!!!!!!!
obama is a traitor
Who don't like him is dishonest.
Trump is selective junk! Do not let the enemies of the United States and dictators cause for schadenfreude! Trump's assistants received bribes from the dictator Yanukovych of Ukraine. Jr. Trump called the corpse of the unfortunate little Syrian boy beached in Europe in 2015 poisoned candy Skittles. The enemies of the United States can manage Trump. Trump in 1989-1997 was on the brink of personal bankruptcy. In 1997-2007 many business Trump projects were unprofitable. Trump loves dictators and ready to be friends with them. The only question is what kind of dictator will give more bribes Trump. Dictators robbed their country. Trump by nature very dependent person. Before his death Trump wants to get the glory of the US president is not thinking about the fate of their country. At Trump is not their ideas and thoughts. All ideas and PR Trump performed his highly paid sales agents. Trump squandered all his life. Trump married a stripper. Trump received an inheritance from daddy. Trump in September, refused to meet with the president of the New Democratic Ukraine Poroshenko. Do not vote for Trump.
Like it or not Trump will be the president and America will rise again.
look at his face 
all bad words nd no facts..if this guy becomes president there will be world wide havoc..nd I m not even american..trump will be the end of humanity...dont let him win
Obama, Political Organizer, communist leaning!...Seal personal records and he  was not even vetted by the press to find out what He Knew.  Trump has been asked for his opinion about world affairs, before he ran for President!
Trump just jump off a bridge already
TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT! FUCK OBAMA AND HILLARY! WORTHLESS MOTHER FUCKERS!
Michael Darling; you are extremely naive if you swallow that verbal diarrhea that comes from the mouth of the silver tongue devil himself-Obama!  I can see right through that guy- he's pure evil!  Better get yourself educated. Fear the devious one not the forthright one!
Clinton is not saying lies she is better than you u are my nightmare I can't sleep without thinking you are going to win and I get scared of you I actually do
The only gold star families  that Obama cares about are Muslim ones- which he will defend with every ounce of his being!  He does not give a crap about any other group of gold star families!  And he calls Trump a racist!
Trump if u win you are going to be the Nightmare President this is our home too you are not going to take it away from us latin people so how about you be nice for once
Donald Trump is fucking racist!! Obama use to be Muslim and hes black, thats how Donald Trump is racist!
im British and everyone here wants Trump.. fucking vote him in
two Henry KANEs wow ...
i want to go blind if my eye have to see this LORD take me now
trups hair sucks it looks like shet
trump ........... you stupid
the interviewer would make a better president then trump. thats the impression i get
correct me if I'm wrong, but what he said, "that I heard" was only   why didn't she speak.
Trump sucks  obama and a good president
This guy is litterly insane Obama did some great things and if Obama was a terrible president then why did he got elected again? 
Because he was a great president
Sure, President Obama is the worst President in America.

Osama bin Laden would certainly agree!
The press is beholden to its shareholders and not to the truth, especially NYT and WP.
"Hes the worst President we have ever had". Well, i Think you'll win that Price if you win.
Trump dodges questions almost as much as Hilary deletes emails 
HAAAHAAHAHAHAHHHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAAAAHAHAHAHAHAAAAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAAHHAAHAHAHHAHA
Donald Trump challenge to a toxicology test is done to see that does not use drugs and also challenge you to an electroencephalogram is made to see the neurological functions of your brain ... I need to know in whose hands will be codes and orders activation of nuclear weapons ... I do not want to survive a nuclear holocaust and then die slowly by radiation poisoning because of an elitist junior with a defective brain.
Obama is an idiot!
2 idiots 1 cup
Trump is childish, the lord will deal with him soon
Straw man fallacy answer. What a duche bag!
fuck you donnald trump
true
Trump's response just proved Obama's statement. School yard bully talk with no substance.
Only the dumb bote for trump cause dumb understands dumb! Lets build a wall yeaaah whar else has he got???? Uhmm yeah exactly
What a loser
STORM TRUMP IS COMING ------ THE POLITICAL DEAD WOOD IS READY TO FALL ------ T-I-M-B-E-R!!!
bill and donald look like hob goblins
I get the hate (from the Trump fanboys) - I get their anger at income inequality (it's real and it sucks)  - I get the sexism.  But what I don't get?  Is how anyone could believe that this senile billionaire who's spent his life fleecing everyone he's done business with is going to make America even a little bit "great" I just don't get how anyone could look at Trump's lifelong dishonest dealings - his 3,500 law suits, idolizing Putin etc. and think, "Oh yeah... this guy's the answer"
Obama is the worse president in the US since 1949? Dumbass Trump making false claims again, look at the USA before Obama aka George Bush and after Obama, Obama made the USA way better than Trump ever will if he ever does become president for some reason.
I can't wait for IGN to do a graphic difference between Trump and Obama. I mean I see the downgrade in specs is appalling but the contrast seems to be what got everyone hype. me I'm more of a BS kinda guy but that model got recalled because it supported an OS of High Cuntant. but I hear the release of Gamer Gate 2 to be just as hot tho can't wait!
ya, actually the economy is at the best its been since Bush handed him a basket of crap.
I love how Trump never refers to facts, he's just babbling aimlessly
After the stupidity shown in this conversation between two morons i just want to commit suicide.
He did not even respond to the criticism of obama he just started talking shit. How is anybody supposed to take this guy serious if he just starts crying around like a 9 year old boy who's toy was taken away.
donald dump just wants what he wants he is ridiculous with his insults that are not needed in the conversation very inappropriate and he makes assumptions that are inaccurate about Mexican people we are all the same and everyone of us makes the same mistakes you cant judge a book by its cover he should really work on being humble towards himself. donald trump is going to start somthing he cannot handle now im not agreeing with other candidates but, i am pointing out the flaws in trump himself he needs to be more respectful toward people. He disrespects veterans and there familys and thats really not okay if your going to be president sorry to say it trump but you have major flaws and you need to put yourself in check
trump = death
Yes a lot of the things he says would be wonderful, but HOW WOULD he DO IT??? WHAT IS HIS PLAN??? He's saying he has a super plan for everything but has anyone ever seen or heard anything about what's in his plans?
I NEVER THOUT I WOULD SEE IT. A COMPLETE IDIOT RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT
This man does not know more about foreign policy then President Obama
He's a idiot
Trump didn't fight her. He just took a quick sucker punch and whines
obumma African muslim what stupid white, self righteous, dumb lefty liberal, goody goody two shoes cunts would put a useless clown like this in charge of the greatest country in the world??????? are u out of your fucking mind???? I lived in Africa for 40 years Africans cant run shit cant run a brothel. obumma cant run shit cant run a brothel ZZZzzzZZ ZZZz GO TRUMP FROM A FREE INDEPENDENT UK
Obama the Racist Baiter vs Trump for All Americans
complete clown
Bill Oreilly needs to shave his hair now because his part is wide open. SHAVE IT OFF!!! Your Hair.....
He never answered the question anyways?
Trump the dump, God be with Americans if this guy became president.
only fat stupid americans watch this tv channel right?
donald trump is a fucking bitch
lol Trump is so quick to say that everybody is horrible to being what they can possibility become but yet he doesn't see how horrible he is.  Donald Trump will NOT have my vote. I will not vote for somebody that does not have the maturity for Presidency. Somebody who talks about bombing another country because they do not like them is out of line and if he thinks that way what makes you think he won't turn his back on his own country. I'll stay with Obama until somebody with a bigger picture comes in to make this country and the world a better and safer place. #obama #trump
such a childish candidate
fuck trump
Trump is just a loud mouthed scumbag.
fuck trump
Just shut up Obama, America is so sick of you!!! I'm believe if Trump will call on people, like any good business man would, to get insite on a issue you are dealing with!!! America HAS TO GET OUR SELF-RESPECT BACK!!! Why would anyone want Bill Clinton back sleeping in the White House again. The secret service covered up all the fights the Clinton's had, and know there is no love lost there! It's time to bring some morals back to OUR White House! And having sex in the Oval Office is not going to do it!! Having so little regard for our top secrets, and playing dumb...so she can keep a eye on her Clinton Money Laundering operation It,s hard to do when you also have to keep track of the welfare of this country and it's people. Hillary has burned her own bridges, and now she has to pay!!!
Choose your rich-evil-crazy-idiot for President. Trump or Hillary
.......We poor struggling working enslaved people are not gonna benefit a better country and life from neither.
These people have no idea what it's like to not have six figures or more to survive.
Is Trump a Russian?He would make a very good one!
Who cares what Trumps says he is a Sociopathic Liar.
A sociopath is typically defined as someone who lies incessantly to get their way and does so with little concern for others. A sociopath is often goal-oriented (i.e., lying is focusedit is done to get ones way). Sociopaths have little regard or respect for the rights and feelings of others. Sociopaths are often charming and charismatic, but they use their talented social skills in manipulative and self-centered ways
Selfish
trump why u be talking when u have games like hit the trump
"What do you have to say about this criticism?"
"OBAMA SUCKS! HE'S THE WORST EVER!" 

Really mature.
a poor muslim woman can light you on fire and you have to be ok with that? not only does that sound like terrorism but i wouldn't even let anyone get away with that, when you start letting people walk all over you they'll make a habit of it
pls america! On behalf of the world DO NOT LET TRUMP WIN
i feel sorry for donald trump the media attacks him all the time, and stupid people believe it all because they dont have a mind of there own.
Obama has been the weakest president ever
trumps is scared. he so weak
America will be fucked, no matter who wins
trump looks like he's taking a shit ...sitting on a shitter
Donald dick fuck off
Trump is the shit a 100% American he's got an attitude bit that's what we need he's got his own money he's a smart man pro trump
where is the logic mother fucker
Obama should've been taken out years ago

He's fucked everybody globally, including even us in Oz
Does anyone kno wat da hel theyr doin
Trump stop your pouting!
fu
fu
You say that both are bad, but let me ask, what is wrong with saying what is true, regardless of bluntness. And, why is it better to say a pritty little lie then to say a bold truth bluntly?
My dog can present his arguement better than Trump. What the fuck is wrong with this guy???
And where has your knowlege around critical issues gotten us OBama>? Trump is right hes a weak leader. Complete pussy. No leaders from any countries respect him as the President of the strongest country on earth. Thas pretty sad.
this trump guy is a complete idiot. and so is the basket of deplorables who follow him.
http://townhall.com/columnists/johnhawkins/2014/08/09/50-things-barack-obama-has-done-wrong-n1876744
Hillary is gonna pick up where obama left off. Please vote trump so we can get America in the right direction :)
How can obama talk shit about trump when trump goes to all Obamas spots and talking to important people while obama is off playing golf. Fuck Obama
IT'S OVER #UBER !! ,...#HILLARY IS TOAST -
Shut up Facist
"Russia did a bad thing and Obama just stood by and did nothing"

"Wouldn't it be nice if we just got along with Russia?"

That's a hell of a contradiction right there.
fuck trump

Vote 1 trumpy
Definition of triggered
Obongo doubled the national debt, made health insurance costs an all-time high, and for what.  Second worst president of all time only next to Lyndon Johnson.
how Jews n israel found such type of dump, hate lover, war lover candidate like Bush n trump?
Hes talking like George Bush... is he a relative of George Bush?
hahahaha obama said the truth and he just started insulting him. That's a childish way to deal with the facts
Trump is f***
fuck you donald trump
R I P Donnal trump.
look it your hair fucker.
"very viciously attacked". Who talks like that? The guy sounds like a special Ed 2nd grade bully.
Someone kill trump I fucking hate him. FUCK ALL TRUMP SUPPORT
Loser Trump!
we are doomed with these candidates
Hillary = Cancer
funny he talks about dishonest media while he is on fox who is by far the most dishonest media outlet on television what a violent,angry,hateful and horrible person
he is wrong obama is the best president we have had in years if elected (which i doubt because i got faith in the intelligence of american people) trump will be remebers as the worst president in the history of our nation.
all these trump supporters saying bernie sanders is a communist by wanting a little bit of socialism into their country while trump wants to be bff's with russia....
Trump blames everybody else  but himself. What a nutjob.
Lets say I don't have any idea on politics and the corrupt system and Trump's real knowledge. Shouldn't I trust the people whose job it is to know? Smart people in the media talking about trump? The president of the USA talking about trump? The Europeans and Germany who officially warned us of Trump? I mean, whom do you trust more?
No comment
Donald Trump is the Equivalent of if the Village idiot some how convinced everyone that he could be president. It's so embarrassing that this country is dumb enough to fall for it!!! The rest of the world laughing so hard at us right now!!! It's stunning and sad!!
look at the injured kid face and asexual kid face of Donald Fucking Bieber trump 
it's makes me wanna hit until
I'll crush like a cockroach
"many many many people" this guy sounds like a kid when he speaks... he begins by giving president obama a payback by saying he sucks... and he is the worst president. like really? He sounds like a kid!!!!!!
Trump is a wanker
Trump have aggressive dementia,i feel sorry for him
he has no fuking idia of what hes talking about
man every time i see this trump i feel like stupit .when i know i am wasting my time watching on this trash of guy
Sorry Donald. Obama handed your @ss to you at that dinner.
I like trump cuz he doesn't give a shit lol
and that's how he opens his filthy mouth......."i think he is the worst president in the history, i think he has been a disaster" he is a freaking 5 year old idiot..............the question was about him insulting a gold star family and he managed to talk about obama administration, insult his way through the talk, and even managed to drag hillary in.........wtf is wrong with people.........its just pathetic about America that he is rising in the polls.... the actual problems is that idoiots do get to vote
Trump will Triumph~!
You know what last year a giant gas field was found in the Egyptian Mediterranean Coast and they r saying is possibly the biggest.The U.S government will soon start showing Egyptian people suffering and
 children being armed,an Egyptian "Muslim"beheading an European or 
American journalist who was uncovering the sad situation in Egypt , then
 BBC, CNN ,Fox news hired and funded by different political partys start
 there opinion wars on the general public through debates and 
fabrications,making them into brainwashed zombies feeding off on their 
ignorance and naive nature to get them to listen and believe in there 
personal selfish blood thirsty motives,scaring us with hired trolls 
,paid people to sit and rape the comment section with poisonous words 
and sentences that cloud the minds of people like you  and like me they 
instigate arguments and are extremely clever with words,their word power
 is so loud and powerful that it really affects us and keeps us thinking
 bout an argument or a point  even when we are off YouTube or any social
 site,if we try to speak up we are shut down in the most convincing 
manner! (i will make you an offer you cant refuse)!
One take outta all of this,News channels are sold out!
we don't know what is really going on! 
they control are minds through tricky questions and scripts and we like a herd of sheep follow them,or even if we choose to ignore they still manage to work their selfish evil magic on us.
Trump is a psychopath. And an idiot.
I hate Trump with a passion, I honestly dont understand why he is in the running for president
This is the saddest and most hilarious thing I've ever seen.
as if Obama has answers to anything. he is easily the worse president ever.
WW3 confirmed if this guy gets elected. Not only Korea and Middle East have that danger, Eastern Europe and Latin America also
These jerks together make my Fucking ears and nose bleed
"I think hes the worst president maybe in the history of our country, I think hes been a disaster, hes been weak, hes been ineffective, you look at this so called recovery, its setting record lows"
- Donald Trump talking about the current president of his own country, has he ever even stopped to consider the fact that they should be on the same side?  They are both trying to improve America and the United States yet they waste time giving their opinions about each other's statements about each other.  Isn't that great.
 
"its uhhh.. I guess not since 1949 has there been anything like it.  You look at home ownership, look at what happened as an example, he talks about Ukraine, I believe I know far more about foreign policy than he knows.  Look at Ukraine, he talks about Ukraine, well you know how tough he is, right, how tough he is with Russia, in the meantime they took over Crimea and I understood that in most papers covered what I said accurately, some didnt because the press are so dishonest..."
- Donald Trump I give up, what the actual fuck.  I don't even know what to say about this.  Politics is stupid.
Trump should win look around there's no one there u don't want clit lady she a war freak trump say want need to rapes drugs yes build wall
trump is little bitch
Trump is a political moron!  After his treasonous interview dispelling our investigative services (FBI, CIA,  oh hell the entire DOJ.) he should be in prison!
what a idiot trump is, like obama had anything to do with putin taking over cramea trump himself would have more to do with that cause hes in bed with putin...
you don't have to be a redneck to support Donald Trump you just have to have a brain
I love you trump don't stop being you your fans love you
And you are as hole beach you gay as
You are nasty trump and no one will like you cause your gay and your not gone a President cause your raises.
so funny republicans will regret him for decades
Trump just has a face I want to punch the shit out of.
Obama is weak he is right, America is in trouble! Puppets all of them!
0:04 this is the face i make in maths class lol
ALL U GUYS FREAKING STUPID AS A DOOR NOB TRUMP IS THE WORST CANDIDATE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!#!!!#!!#!#!#!#!#!#!#!#!#!#!!!!!
Trump and the republican bigots seem to belive that all  mexicans and all hispanics should never be considered real americans even if they are born in united states. That racist party is just full of idiots.
absloutly trump is speaking like a young child that rejected his milk..speak like a tough man What hell you are??... and stop tears
Obama is one hell of a black muslim puppet
Trump is the need American bros for u r country 
Or else one stage US will have a very large immigrants that US won't be safer anymore henceforth at one stage 
Not in recent future  but after long time 
So common let Trump handle it
VOTE FOR TRUMP
from a vet
I here, hear, 
the black Muslim
The stupid Obama (graduated Harvard Law school with honors and was their editor for the law review)
the deficit under Obama 30 trillion (was actually reduced just like Clinton did)
if the POTUS is a Muslim or not, so what? aren't we the "freedom of religion country"?
some one explain to me how come unemployment is down unlike under bush, gas pricesarecurrently around 2.5 a gallon unlike 4.00 under bush
no new wars
Osama dead
GM
Chrysler alive
Some one said he is slow, he, unlike trumpo, thinks before talking

dude married 3 times, cheated on the first wife with 2 and on 2 with 3rd. has out of wedlock child with none of wives. brags about his orgies in Howard Stern
mocks disabled and pow
blames problems of this country on mexicans, 

I can keep going and going

I have followed trumpos life for 25+ years. I know the low life person he is, his name just just not new to me like to many
finds his own daughter sexualy attractive per his own  words
This guy is pure cancer
i simply cannot wrap my mind around the stupidness of this man
Ughhhhhhhhhh I hate trump
If Obama is insulting you, that is a compliment.
Gary Johnson for president please.....
Unprepared is an an understatement but unfit, as he later said is more appropriate.
I mean, just look at his face. that's basically Human Grumpy Cat
trump is a dumbass you got rich from his dad
Obama - laughing stock of China, Philippines, Russia, and how many other nations? Obama's speech in Laos was about as un-American as you can get ( for a President ), calling "his" citizens lazy & racist.
DT reflects our sentiment and our voice. The media doesn't, so, get over it Billy.
trumps speaks the truth but dont worth being the president of a america, he is threat to the whole world
Trump supporters and trump himself they speak same. when they first open their mouth they talk shit.
Why didn't President Obama address his drawing a  "red line" in Syria regarding how much more he knows about foreign policy? Or giving billions to Iran, a world sponsor of terrorists?  One way to know when Obama is lying?  Its when he speaks
I think its annoying that this guy keeps talking over trump that shit pisses me off
"I-I speak... very WEELLL... obviously" It's almost like he's dissing himself.
donald trump is the worst person in the history of our country, he is weak, he is disaster!!
Veterans 4 Trump
voting for Trumps is nuts i wouldnt trust that guy with fire crackers he lies so much much its unbelievable when he arms everyone and kicks out the people that didnt vote for him you have to evels to vote for trump is the devil
Why would the World be in worse state if USA and RUSSIA would just couldhandle things? No matter who will be the next president in USA they should focus on that issueffs.
$$$$$$$$
Where does it come from.
Seems it comes from the poor.
fdt
This man can not even answer a simple question.  His reckless pride won't even let him apologize for the despicable garbage that comes out of his uneducated mouth. If he wins I'm afraid for us all.   TRUMP, Release your taxes.
Hillary is not suitable for president
OBAMA IS A DISASTER ....JUST SEE CHINA DIDN'T GIVE HIM A PRESIDENTIAL WELCOME AND DIDN'T SEND A STAIRCASE TO GET DOWN THE PLANE . SAME WITH CUBA AND SAUDI WHOM USA GIVES PROTECTION                                                                  

 I am From India . When our Prime minister went to Bangladesh a 134th poorest nation in the world to get an access to their Sea port as that is more nearer to Asia pacific They said they can give access subject to the CONDITION that India Builds Thermal Power Plants so that they can have more Electricity and they can bring more Companies and that will Create More Local Jobs . ''MAKE THERMAL PLANT IN BANGLADESH WHERE ONLY LOCALS WILL WORK AND GET ACCESS TO THE PORT'' This is a Smart Trade deal that a 134th Poorest Nation did to its BIG neighbor India . ''This is what TRUMP Calls smart Deal'' . HOPE U Americans realise it soon. 2) To My black Brothers You have come to Realise your Good Life and american dream in USA , So dont make USA another Africa with barren lands and NO jobs or Good education . Obama Had a Rich Diplomat Father and a well to do Mom BUT not all of You . IF USA becomes another Africa where will u go next ???
 
3) To Khizr khan that Pakistani who was in DNC i want to say who knows you Pakistanis than we Indians as we are your neighbors. I WOULD Give you another Pocket Book of SHARIA and ask whether that book represents the American Beliefs Your son died for ? Do you subscribe with Sharia belief of Caliphate and NO democracy ? Do You subscribe and belief on sharia's Instruction on Polygamy, Abortion , Pluralism and Not Living in a land where ISLAM is NOT the state Religion ? Mr Khizr Khan If You have Graves of 13 Muslims died for USA in Arlington Grave then there are graves of 3000 people who died in 9/11 who has died as a result of the Values you Believe in did u ever go to those graves or any Muslim Cleric begged an Apology ? what about those graves ? What about the graves of Orlando & Paris and Nicee ? So If You have the courage Denounce Sharia Law in Public and publicly announce that it doesn't resemble the american belief system and

 ''DONT BECOME AN AMERICAN BY WEARING AN AMERICAN HAT BECOME BY HEART' AND RATHER THAN MAKING YOUR SONS SACRIFICE AS EMOTIONAL ISSUES TEACH YOUR COMMUNITY TO DENOUNCE SHARIA LAW AND BE ASSIMILATED IN A PLURALISTIC SOCIETY
This man is fit to be president? That is hella laughable!!! what a child. Can't even answer a question wants to attack or insult ppl...yeah very presidental smh
This Man is Amazing...Isn't this the pot calling the kettle Black really Trump look at the LIES?? hahahahaha, you lied and hide even booted and banned since your campaign begin and you sit here and have the damn nerves too talk about others WOW!!!
Trump needs to stop smoking crack
Stupid ass people supporting Trump, what race is doing everything that others don't want to do???
No idea what he is talking about! He literally address nothing about the issues.
Please America. I love your country... Please fight this!!! Fight Donald trump. Vote Hillary!!! Please. ;) I'm almost getting "worried"... If this man gets elected, i will feel sorry for you all.. As United states.. //Greetings from scandinavia.
Donald is a total poser. Obama is the real deal. Nuff said
Hahaha. This will be the easiest and most one sided Democratic win ever.
trump is not fit to be present he is gonna kick people out of the united States and he liked the deviation from nukes. if he becomes president he better watch his back
What was Mr.Trump doing before his seventies
i do not even think,he is going to take all the truces seriously with the other countries!!upon which Mr.Obama is agreed
I do not think he can take up all that responsibility.After all we know that he is a short-tempered guy!the way he was saying something"he is the worst president america ever have"..i mean Mr.Trump,have you lost your senses!!
LMAO. Trump was like a 4 year old kid spitting insults to his parents because he didnt get his candy. What Trump says people is not true, he just says things that will make him sound better and other worse.
Why did he not Answer the question?  Just wondering.
This guy is a F-ing idiot. He needs to stay in his lane and do what he does best and that's what???
I get really irritated listening to Trump speak "very very well".
he gonna cry fuck donald trump look like a baby
Do you like trump or do you like the media? Trump is on the fucking media, the whole things bullshit, vote for trump and hopefully less bullshit
that kid is a dead Satan worship
we don't have enough jobs for another million Muslims
Obama don't know America we do not like Satan worshipping pigs
0:54 why does he look like he is about to cry lmao
If i keep listening to this, i can sit here and type 'Fuck you Trump' all day long
Fuck you Trump !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Poor Trump got attacked.... When dos he get off. This guy will leave you in his helicopter once the sea rises and so will Hillary.
Trump is a total idiot and anyone who supports him is dumb as shit.
Wow!. You know this man is crazy when you see Bill O'Reilly asking for consciousness...
I love listening to butthurt whining whites. Billy sounds like he's just had his legs smacked like a nine year old girl and well. ...trump sounds like trump. Powerless peckerwoods with an obama obsession. Obama should invite them both to the white house and give them both a good hard SMACK.
I've got a way to solve this problem, if no one votes, none of those 2 idiots gets president. btw, how is it possible that the 2 worst people of a country get till the presidential elections?
Trump looks like an Angry BIRD lolx :D
Will Bill O'Reilly for once in his miserable life act like a real Journalist? Or is that to much to ask for?
Besides this presidential race just being a circus with two monkeys throwing shit at eachother; trump has given absolutely no real figures or reasons to support even an iota of the shit he claims, his fall-back is to just to call himself the most best super fantastic person to have ever fucking existed and everyone else is just liars, dishonest, bought out (and this is funny) bigots. I mean i get it if you don't like obama or black people in general as why you didn't like him, and granted Hillary wouldn't be a big political game changer, but how on god's green earth can that give any license to elect this ass-hat? Just because your pissed and he says funny things, really?
Donald Trump is an idiot !
just saying shit loud and a lot doesn't make it true...HUGH! pile of elephant shit!...
Hurensohn er sieht aus wie ein Schwein Rassismus bis zum geht nicht mehr
Trump ............. Shut the fuck up!! You don't have a fucking clue of what's goin on in the world. You get on nation tv and criticize people in the political industry when you clearly have"nt done it. You insult people physically when you yourself is clearly ugly as fuck!  You insult the president and all he accomplished but yet, you've never been president before. And your wife my GOD! She's more dumber than Brian's girlfriend off the  family guy! And you have the nerve to say lets make America great again!?!?!?!??? Are you fucking kidding me???
Dang, He looks so pissed off on the tumbnail! 
He looks like angry bird 
Well, he is the worst president and Hillary is potentially much more worse..
CNN and Newyork times are dishonest...
let's agree with you!!
for God's seek who are you??
I tell you what! 
you are the one who is gonna be the worst president that no only USA well witness even the world will, lair, fake hypocrite and racist. 
I am still in shock you have people support you.
Donald Trump you are tramp,scum and filthy human.
fuck u trump
fuck u trump
Trump rules the greatest president ever.
CNN and everyone that works for them. Are scum. Everyone of them burn in hell with Hillary  and Obama
All these assholes that are against Trump are jealous of him, of his money, of his wife, of his kids, of his privilege because they don't have a pot to piss in and never will.  Accept it people life isn't fair make the best of it and quit blaming someone else.  Unite to fight the enemy, the NEW WORLD ORDER, THE GLOBALISTS, THE LUCIFER WORSHIPERS, they have real plans for us.  UNITE  AGAINST THEM!!
You want to have the UN as your chiefs?  They are here already with their white war machines and their blue hats.  They will stand on your street corner and kick your door in.  Love it you asked for it!!!
dead donald trump Mexican forever
THE WORST PRESIDENT!     but a great golfer.
Two idiots confirming on each other's lies and lack of intelligence!
MEXICO SHOULD HAVE POUNDED A GREEN PLANTAIN UP THAT ORANGE ASS!!
So sayeth the 'Community Organizer'.
              .            .
Being honest doesnt mean being a good president you Trumptards XD.
Trump u look like shit loool
This guy wouldn't last 5 mins in the UK
If Hillary get in she will turn this country into a UN hellhole.
Lincoln to Trump. Republicans came a long way. congratulations!!!
Mr Obama all due respect ...... You are the disaster here!!!
what the hell,he called obama the worst president.........he should be in jail 
so the president can call anyone out specifically? he is supposed to be professional and that means hes supposed to be responsible for his actions but this is what democracy is in your face!
#FuckDonaldTrump
hillary should be president
please be quit  trump Obama is tge best
ps ps ps if you take us to war im gonna pop one of you cunts x
ps ps this is like watchin to retards fighting over an apple! get a grip cos your the most powerful country in the fuckin world ffs absolute wankers!!! idiots the lot of you!!
this guy is a fuckin idiot! absolute fuckin stupid as fuck. if he went on british tv as a politician he would not stand a chance, the interviewer would be takin the piss out of him. ffs you yanks are gonna fuck everythin up for everyone. just cos you have infected the human race with some failed capitalist system...does not give you the right to fuck the world over!!! heres a massive FUCK YOU FROM THE UK!!! PRICKS!!!THIS IS YOUR SYSTEM WE ARE LIVING UNDER IF YOU DONT LIKE IT THEN FUCKIN LEAVE THE COUNTRY DO NOT VOTE FOR THIS FUCKIN ABSOLUTE IDIOT!!!!! PS everyone thinks your the fuckin most stupid people on the planet ...
Obama's legend: The first black president and the worst president ever.  amen
So Bill asks Donald "What say you?" I would have answered Bill and said "Bill, get your head out of the toilet bowl. It's been in there so long yer starting tuh staink!!!!!
Obama be a man, take Trump's side, she will not be good for you. If you are supporting a criminal you are unwillfully joining the ranks.
DONALD U SOUND LIKE SATAN
I haven't even been listening to him for 2 minutes yet and I want to smash his head with a baseball bat.  He's so full of shit and he never gets called out on it.   He claims others lie but when has he ever told the truth?  I am bothered that I have never let anything any politician said upset me but this person just enrages me.  PLEASE somebody kill him.  PLEASE.
Screw All The 4K Dislikers
everyone only likes trump because he's a fucking comedian to everyone
Donald trump pulls shit from his ass and then puts it on tv
I'm just tired of all the lying politicians. You don't have to be a politician to understand foreign policy. Trump is not a Democrat. He's not even a Republican. He's essentially an Independent who won the Republican nomination. That's why the Republican establishment tried to stop him. What he's doing for this country is a wonderful thing. If you're swayed by the media propaganda then that's your own problem. Trump is breaking the system and the rich elite businessmen and politicians are trying to take him down. He is trying to unite us. He's trying to reach out to the poor. He's trying to reach out to the hispanics, African Americans, etc. Stop believing the media and come together.
0:54 look at trumps face, he looks like he hasn't been drinking some bleach in a while  :(
Obama is a chump. He's not a leader.
Trump you do realise that you repeat the same thing over and over again cause you got nothing to else to say you dumb man 
Obama dishes the same criticism that he himself got. I think this is one area where obama  shouldn't bash others, especially if he feels that he did a good job as president with what conventional wisdom said wasn't enough 8 years ago. THIS POST is not supporting Trumop  or Downing Obama,
Fuck you trump.
I would  go  to  Obama  as  president  again
if you elect him and merkel speaks to him ill kill both. i promise
You know what I think Donald Trump shouldnt be fighting to be president, Obama should still be president
i think Mr ...sorry President Trump shines when speaking his own mind.
Because all of his speeches on retaliation to hate and questions have been written by lame ass speech writers trying to be pc.
From a non american something to think...

The United States in this difficult times need a president who brings people of all different politicial positions, religions, races and wealth together. That's not the time for an aggressive controversial president who splits the country.

Do you honestly believe that Donald Trump can bring this great nation together? And be aware that in europe this fella is considered a moron and dangerous egomaniac not only by more than 75% of the people, but also by the majority of the political leaders. And as matter of fact europe and the United States are deeply connected to each other. So that's something that evan americans should have in mind when voting in November.

Just my 2 cents from good ol' germany...
What is interesting about Trump is that right now the political debate is getting real and can no longer hide using insults and controversial statements to get votes. Americans are such a gullible and stupid populace in general. They voted for George W. Bush TWICE!!!!!
small fool in the world of politics, sorry #Trump
anyway, my main point was that, if a person has a hard working job and still lives with a relatively low stress, happier lifestyle, imagine how much more productive, level headed, and understanding that person would be. we need a president who is smart, happy, productive, sophisticated, wise and with high level of integrity. I wish we wouldn't have to settle for less, but we are in times of desperation. unfortunately, there have been no candidates that were able to make it to elections that have had these qualities. We really are just victims of ourselves. We failed to become or create the perfect leader for our nation, now we will suffer the outcome of this. What else to blame would be the fact that the election system is set to a certain amount of years each for term, so we only have that much time to come up with the next best president.
think about this guys. do you think trump lives a happy, relatively low stress lifestyle? you might think he does, because he's rich and "smart". or you might think he doesn't because of all the "work" related stress he's going through, which, might seem like a reasonable justification to be stressed out, but really, it's not, because if he was smart enough, he wouldn't be as stressed out in the first place. I'm not making any claims if whether or not  trump is a happy person, but if you really pay attention to the way he acts and goes about topics, he doesn't exactly seem like much a pacifist, to say the least. especially the way trump made that first "rebuttal" to the clip they showed of Obama making a statement about trump. Out of a good candidate, I would expect, if any at all the most humble response to a statement like that. Not some charged up, angry spew of shit. The moment I saw trumps face when I loaded the video, I just knew he was about to gush something angry and ignorant.
I just Fucking hate politics in general. why does there have to be such a massive government system? I wish I actually had the knowledge the understand why it is necessary. that way I could try to discover a reason for it to not be necessary. Perhaps it's because most people wouldn't actually know what to do with their lives if they didn't have some kind of leader or main goal in life. There will always be more workers than queens.
it seems like trump is seen positively for his outrageous acts. It reminds me of middle school where a kid would say "oh yeah, well you're fat and stupid" and half the class would go "Ooooooooh! damn! you got him that time, pal!" I don't know if that was just my middle school, but, I highly doubt that my middle school was any more unique than the rest in America.
they're just spilling bullshit into the media. I believe that half of US citizens are just eating this dudes shit up. I'm starting to question what US citizens really want from a president. if you've ever heard the expression "he's the kinda guy that you'll either love him or hate him, no in between" think about it. You "love" the guy if you share similar opinions and interests, you hate him if it's the opposite. that makes me think citizens who vote for trump must prefer him because they agree with his views, which, to me, is sad.  he reminds me of most everyday people I meet when they walk into dairy queen. personally, I want a president who is one of a kind. one that is truly wise and sophisticated. not a president that is going to agree with just about everything the old fashioned, racist, and ignorant crowds of people that live in America. the only reasonable explanation I can see that would explain the cause of trump's popularity is because he is a liar and he knows how to blend in with the crowd, after all, it seems like all some people want these days is someone to agree with them.
all these guys do is just speak the language of half of the population of the American population. these are immature, dramatic, and arrogant people. god, what the fuck have politics come to.
Dump Trump
Poor poor trump he's going to start WW3 were all fucked
Trump's IQ = 76...WW3
Obama's IQ = 141...Present
Hillary's = 154...2Clintons 
its a no brainer..
Trump deserves a chance . Everyone else has failed .
The man who started lying when he was born is talking about other people lying... hahaha... you moron...
DAM BITCH ASS TRUMP BLINKING FAST AF DUMB MOTHA FCKA
Trump wil be a super president
Obama the big cacalaca President fuck you obama
hi
even bill is thinking: " this mother fucker doesn't know when to shut the fuck up " Bill, don't waste your time on this puck piece of mother loving shit..
Fuck you trump
trump for life
how dare he say obama is bad at his job. obama actually care about the peope
Trump u suck and u know it u ugly old guy
The world is far less stable since Barry has been President.  He should shut his mouth.
I hope D TRUMP won't win Obama is the BEST President D TRUMP is the WORST President
Trump = president
hey Trump!! can you please get a new world record guinness and go dive to deepest place to ocean!!! and never get back :D
B+Donald Trump is stupid and he doesn't know what he says
Yeah because Obama and his administration have done such a good job?!?!?!  Obama is NOT QUALIFIED too shave the hair off a dog's balls ( Mr. community organizer ) was Obama's  qualifications.
I'm trying my best to listen to Trumps reasoning, it's just that everything that is coming out of his mouth is just mockery, name calling and what not. There is no content at all. Worst is that the reporter NEEDS to step in and and re-focus him as to what the topic is.
cnn is telling the truth  we do not whant dondal trump.
dondal trump is the worth he blame on brock obama  is telling the thruth.
how come this guy got the ticket to white house?
and what we r going to have a prostitute as a first lady
Trump is a racist cunt , we all die if he is president,  if you like him you have problems idk why you would like him god put us here for a reason and that reason was to live a happy life not to sit here watching a dumbass guy being racist
"I was Vishasly  attacked" wtf fuck you trump
look u fuken asswhole...we got osama n binladdin pendejo
Trump is such a joke...  He flip flops on every issue, he said that Hillary would be a great president, and he guy is a thin-skinned little whiny bitch.

He's not even trying to win anymore, he's just a fucking joke.
Hillary all the way
Shut up Obama you have thrown vapers under the bus and you are the worst president everResign and let Donald Trump take your place at least he will do a better job at running the country
Obama perversion isn't a critical issue you're the problem to life.
Obama has no clue to what he's talking about and even doesn't know how to run this country? He's a Muslim terrorist!!!
Hello!!!!
lunatic
trump is the biggest asshole on the earth
Hes talking about lies others told while he spreads false facts left and right lmao... That guy
Hahahaha i knew his response was gonna be like that i couldnt stop laughin
NO OBAMAS AWESOME TRUMP YOUR GOING TO BE THE WORST PRESIDENT IN THE WORST IN THE HISTORY OF THIS COUNTRY!!!
TRUMP SUCKS!!!
The ONLY thing I agree with trump is to get along with Russia
Trump is really butthurt by Obama.
Tune brilliant homeless xpncfs legend vulnerable field.
Trump is a fucking stupid cunt he is mental and saying that Obama is the worst president of all time trump should go and fuck himself I smash his fucking head in
Very true of what Trump said
a racist, a hypocrite. what next? blow up the countries you hate if you got the job, Trump? I hope Hillary wins.
Trump going nuts
I'm so sick and tired of Obama's voice.
Obama is better than you and he is more qualified than your fat ass
Trump looks so angry like a little kid who didn't get his way. Then he's like "Obama's a meanie!!!Wahhhh!!!" XD
fuck trumb he should never be president because he will destroy the world
Omfg Russia and U.S vs Isis they dead fam
Trump2016
this piece of shit only knows about foreign affairs by watching the media who he always complain about.  Talking about Obama being the worst president?? There's not enough words in the English language to describe this social path and  a cry baby, trump you're just a needle dick the bug fucker and you try to compensate  for it, with your legend in your own mind bullshit. Physiology 1 0 1... Dick face!!!
Booo
Fuck Donald Trump if he is the worst prez of all then why did he improve this country to its best standerds yet
Everyone's getting pissed over Obama/Trump. Look at Obama before office and then after, what if you were in that mans shoes... President is one of the most stressful job in the world... Also, I'm moving to Canada, good luck with trump guys :p
TRUMPSTER CAN NOT RELEASE HIS TAX RETURNS ! YOU COULDN'T HANDLE IT !!!
Donald trump is a fucking idiot
FUCK YOU TRUMP YOUR THE WOST!!!! ITS ALL YOUR FUALT THAT THE FUCKING WORLD GONE FUCKING CRAZY!!!
Trump be like. Terrorism. Illegal immigrants. Patriotism. and everyone votes for him and rip
Is it smart of us to turn political discussions into posting ugly and angry comments on a blog?  Are the comments below something we would say to each other face to face?  Wow, the internet really makes us brave.  We should talk on the net in the same way we talk in person.  Go on, give it a try: Be polite, don't have a dirty mouth, just talk facts.   hmmm ?
Trump is the man for the job solely because he doesn't sit there with a cheesy smile like a typical con politician.
Trump looks like the dog
fuck trump
CNN, NY Times are all done.  Dead soon.
The only people who would vote for him now are the stupid and immature
trump is ugly
stop talking trump fuck u trump
how can't a guy kill u trump u fuck everyone fuck trump Obama is a presidential he is good fuck trump
Trump oh trump go die Hillary Clinton would be so much better then you and Obama is the best yet you f*ck.
Trump looks like a jealous, angry 3 year old with severe skin problems.
While I realise thatignorance is applauded by Fox when Trump loses badlywhat excuse will Fox give?
WE'LL DO IT LIVE!!!
I would vote Obama again he's the president of the world lmao
America looks fucking stupid
Fuck you Trump ur gay
Due to he piss poor quality of 2016s presidential nominees, I believe we should keep Obama in house for at least another four years. Trump and Hillary both are vile.
They give each other MEDALS when your a member of the Club. They pat each other on the backs and throw outlandish parties for one another. Then they talk down to whom they believe are the little people. They are a disgrace to sociality. They pray on us and persecute the poor. They are of the world and the world loves there own. Opposite of God character. These people are false saviors, don't be deceived by there fancy talk or trickery.
Bill you are a puppet its ok Anonymous probably already knows you are covering their ass every time trump goes on to say that the media is a lie you however want to change the subject EVERYTIME the people  already know the media lies oh and for Hillary every time she speaks she lies these things we KNOW some people look at things the way common people don't
there are many people all around the world that had benefited from Donald Trump just by reading his books, because those books are from a man who had passed through too many problems, and never stop looking at the problems, he faced and kept fighting on the solutions, he won the Republicans convention, give him the chance he deserves to be president, but you better stay quite if you dont have any base on that your planning to say
i really dont understand the reason why too many people speak against Mr Donald Trump, without reading any books from this person, without knowing how he had obtained what he got, people has to avoid expressing negative words about a person just becasuse your dude said so, be objective be a person with own words dont take any other person's word as yours.
My farts make more sense than trump.
good luck america 
No wait trump you're the worst president ever seen in any life you will never become the president 
I don't think Donald Trump knows what vicious means...
USA owns Ukraine?
Obama says trump doesn't have critical intel and what is going on in the middle east. I'm a half blind guy in Canada and I know what is going on because I actually can use my head and have no motive...
The reason why Trump is winning is because he is being honest!
trump  2016!
0:53 That trump guy can't even answer questions, he only dodges them with generalties, no proof at all on anything he can... How desperate -___-
by the way... the behaviour of mr. Khan shows very clearly.... (attention, it is politically uncorrect what will follow)  that he is not suitable to live in the West.  Our societies are a bit harder, you can get offended, your honour can be bashed etc.   Not good for a Pakistanese, the Walhalla of Honour Vengeance.  Get real, mr. Khan is no American and will never be.  So he should also not have a national opinion on the politics.  Everyone should know his place.
Obama :)  just a shallow figure...
trump is a lie
I can see him as president some leader of another country say Putin says something he doesn't like. LIAR stop it I'm not touching you Mom make him stop! if you don't stop criticizing me I'll get tough remember I left the card on the table, Ill ban you !
 Whole world rolls eyes in disgust and disbelief.
Wow man when O'Riley is trying to coach him to be more mindful of what he says and actually tried to help him and he almost blows up and starts fighting with him.
 Unbelievable how stupid this guys is socially.
he drinks to much
He is America's Rahul Gandhi...
trump is such a loser!!!!
FYI the "Obama is weak" comment means, Obama is the 1st President in a full century that didn't march us into a full scale war. And the quote "disastrous president" means he didn't pull us out of the financial meltdown to our satisfaction. It amazes me how people flat out reject the reality of what President Obama inherited and all of the opposition from the GOP. They literally shutdown the government to respond to Obama use of executive orders to force them to do their fucking jobs. History will paint a different picture of President Obama's tenure in the White House. Everyone criticizes his Iran nuclear deal yet over look all of the administrations prior to Obama failures to even get the Iranians to acknowledge the US. The US hasn't been able to work with Cuba in 90 years now we are building a relationship with them. Obama's the 1st president in history to call for suspending weapon sells to Israel and Saudis. History will show up & the truth will be revealed.
Go to hell trump and screw you
I had been in 48 countries.  People are afraid of Mr. Trump because he is only hope for America.   He is the only leader that can fix a lot of things.
I can't wait to hear Trump's concession speech.
If this guy makes it to The white house, Omg! i mean really he is so stupid... so stupid that he can  make The vatican and switzerland go into a war and those guys are fucking neutral... the world as we know it will dissapear... this guy is a major asshole and he is about to get his hands on the most powerful  nation in the world...I dont even know hillary and her proposals but i dont need to. This guy will drag U.S.A down to the ruin.
Fuck Obama that disgusting pig
TRUMP=CUNT
mother fucker
The black calling the kettle pot?
I was viciously attacked...boo hoo hoo
Trump has a hard time figuring out when it is his turn to talk
The world is scared, USA. To see you even have a discussion in this matter is frightening. You are talking about Clinton as a liar, thief, and worse as if this is something unique to an American president. Most American would be convicted of war crimes and crimes against humanity if put to trial. 

What an president of any naiton truly needs is the discipline to hold their tongue and to choose your battles wisely. Mr Trump's rhetoric is encouraging terrorism because he is agitating an already angry group of people. Mr Trump does not show the ability to give a focused answer as he repeats himself and has three arguments going on at the same time. If we were to print this interview with mr Trump I am sure the text would make no sense at all. Because he doesn't make sense. 

Like I said, the world is scared... because whatever trouble happens to the US usually happens to all of us...
ORelliy let trump talk damn
GO TRUMP
Obama is the last asshole who should say who is prepared to be the next Prez.
DC is scared that someone might make changes to to the status quo.
0:56 that escalated quickly . . .
Trump 2016! from Norway.
I hope someone kills that fat pig that's called Donald Trump.
How many lies have you told Trump... or can you count that high?
Excuse me Donald Trump, but President Obama is wayyy more better than you at everything, your just like a selfish racist idiot that should really never run president, why can't Barack Obama be president just for a little bit longer???
Trump is a turd
Trump's campaign does not necessarily use .... logic  -- Bloomberg
seriously this man's most memorable part of the election was saying he was going to build a wall!

this guy is abusing women, the president, and millions of innocent people worldwide.
What I want to tell trump: SHUT UP!
Trey Gowdy for president!
This man is a joke
look , world already hate you trump! dont sacrifices holly American citizen and Soldier to keep your ego stand tall.  better you eat Mc Donald and Oreo before someone kick your ass face an stinky mouth !
trump did you take weed? or over weed inside your dump head?
FACT: Teenage B Hussein O used to blow old men for drug $$,and has more than lived up to these promising beginnings. Only brainwashed trendy assholes,or welfare leeches scared shitless of having to get a job, could possibly want to vote for lying screeching hag Hitlery. When she gets excited and starts hollering,she sounds exactly like Richard Simmons,who would be a perfect VP for Mrs. Clinton since he's currently a butt-ugly transsexual. Could bring in the "unisex toilet" crowd,who knows?
Iove
America is not better with trump
He sound like cow
He doesn't even says why obamas bad he just makes up lies and says he's the worst president we've ever had
Trump is going to ruin the us
TRUMP YOU ASSHOLE........OBAMA IS QUIET BETTER THAN YOU ....U IDIOT SON OF A BITCH.....MOTHER FUCKER
And that's why HE will NEVER..!!!!! Become president in the USA . Hahahaha
Donald Trump is a cretin and a non-politician
Lol I love Trump he doesnt take shit and doesnt let ppl abuse him. "You teach people how to treat you"
..OMG DONALD TRUMP ENOUGH ALREADY! Your voice is annoying no offense...
If You were Donald Trump would you stick with Obama and lose the Election And make Hilary Cilton or Clinton Sorry I Forgot your name Hilary anyways Donald should not even be Getting back up and fighting back with the kid i mean i would say 2 words Don't Murder everyone in China are becoming really Offended with Donald Trump half of The World are sticking with Ether Obama And Hilary The Crimea Part i Disagree if i feel like absoulute sh*t i will disagree i would never want to just o on and news show i would just O my god it is Pretty RUDE to China What was quoted im sorry i have to say this Trump but just i don't agree with not everything but just like alot of it Crimea that is like what i 2% to like 5% Belive.
Trump is the worst Obama Is The Best
Trump is a big ashole !!

Goodbye Amerca say Europaen People
"Many many people talked about it and nothing happened but when I said the same thing it became a huge deal" 

Maybe it's because you are the presidential fucking nominee and what you say matters whilst what they say does not!!!
Trump can't even form a sentence without making a creepy ass face.
USA + D.Trump + Nuclear Codes = WW3
RIP USA.

Trump and Hillary.. both candidates seem absolutely horrible.
Obama is finished he screwed up his own country or is it his country ? He should be dumped for being the worst ever president  .All Muslims are LIARS and EVIL.Obama is evil and he is lying to Americans .
Naw he can't be a President he's going to die one of these days watch shut the fuck up Trump go fuck ur self white piece of trash fucking red neck
also George Bush was the worst president of the united states. not Obama
to this day I don't understand his puffy under eye. dudes gotta get that checked out.
And this for a toothpick
Like this for Trump
Yah, even though HIllary gets soldiers killed knowingly.  Trump is somehow worse?  Nice job using your presidency to persuade the public, uncle tom.
don't talk about my boy Obama at least he is nice and wants to keep our country safe
Donald Trump is so mean to Obama Trump is so rude and President Obama is more better and Also Obama is more nicer then Trump so if You vote for for Trump than you on the bad side
How is this guy candidate for president !! I am assuming he's clever in his own field but to run for president !! Come on
I was watching the Titanic and end up with my friend donald
Go back home Obama You did nothing for a 8 years could of had Jack In The Box would have done better
Can't wait for you do get out of the White House what a waste of 8 years
look at his racesome
Fuck you turmp
Ny times not being around in 2 years...... Lol
"I speak very well" ...... I'm crying hahahahaha
Trump is like that crazy grandpa that you brush off because he's crazy...
Trump is a manchild
To hell with this self proclaimed God. He knows nothing at all. He's has the I.Q. of a fart.
Trump 2016!!
shut up, monkybama
My God, Trump is so stupid,  he is shooting down O'Reilly's transparent efforts to help him out.
He did not respond to what the President said. There are plenty of sick MF's like Trump in the world, but only one running for President. The people who are more dangerous, uninformed and mentally ill are the ones who support him. They are dumber than Dumb Donald is, because they allowed themselves to be out-smarted and manipulated by him.
TRUMP IS A BLESSING FOR AMERICA! THANK YOU LORD!.......Why Donald Trump says nothing about..???MARTIAL LAW and FEMA Camps - 2016
How the hell did Barack Obama become president he is retarded
( (  (   ) ) ) TRUMP TRUMP HE THINKS HES REDY FOR PRESIDENT TRUMP TRUMP HES FILED FOR BANKRUPSY TWICE TRUMP TRUMP
trump for mr. president
Trump is like a pouting five year-old. The look on his face and then he's just instantly like "I think he's the worst president ever!!!!" 


He's like a child and I love it holy shit what an idiot
Donal trump suke
He is like a weird fallacy robot.
I support Trump but I don't think he'll win according to the present poll summary. But still all the supporters in the US, vote for him and let the final polls be acceptable...
trump wants to win and if he doesn't his name and bisness will fall after all the negativity he has created******
All you winee babees pikkin on hillaree is a buncha ignurint stoopid ideots! Them dang ilegull aleeins is mostlee landscapurs an farmurs. Them fellers is tuff! Thay no how to use a shuvul like all get-out! Thay is gunna dig all kindsa dang holes unnerneeth that wall reel easee! Plus, I here tell sum a them peskee aleeins evun has flyin sausers! How in tarnashuns is Mr. Smartee Pants gunna stop em frum flyin ovur his fancee wall aneehow?! Evur here of a catipult? They is juss gunna fling them ilegul drugs ovur the wall to there buddees on the uthur side!!  Hillaree alredee nose that cuz she aint no dang dummee like sum uthur fokes aint, no whut I meen? Beesides, it aint her dang falt that sneekee low down varmint Colin Powl put that secret Emale survur in her basemint! Dang it!!!
Obama had no foreign policy and knew nothing about politics. He was a state senator 2+ and a USA senator 1.5 years. what experience did he have. Never worked aires got him a job teaching because he couldn't get a job.
He gets hit from all sides back off
The Press is dishonest in many ways! Bought and paid for.
obama talks like he`s a professional politician and thinks anyone in  the "57 states of America" actually listen to him. LOL Shut up obama! Nobody cares what you have to say.
He will end America if he wins, and if he wants to start a war he's going to loose because he is unfit to be President, he is unfit to run America. And even if he does win, he will start a World War that he cannot end.
Trump is the biggest idiot on Earth
yah.....donuld trumph is speaking just like hes so high he cant even commit or could do how far have mr. obama have done for thesw past years...cause you were the worst people living here in the world youre just making your own history crazy history and embarassment...
donel trump get a grip
2016-2024trump 2016-2024trump  2016-2024trump 2016-2024trump
Obama inherited a country that had just been robbed blind by the bankers and the bush administration. .. Nobody talks about that, trim has no intelligent response ever .
I do like it the way you are toke .really you the worthiest candidate American they have .let me tell you one thing  you are not toke good things in the media even .all the time blaming Barack Obama and Hilary Clinton  how the American people believe you .please run your Owen business sale the steak .
I would trust Donald Trump's foreign policies. I have never trusted OBAMA to do anything except tear our country down!
that so called gold star family is a paided attorney that works for clinton foundation just another clinton trick to hurt trump ppl is not buying this crap trump2017
Melania Trump, the wife of the Republican presidential nominee Donald, has placed several news outlets including the DailyMail"on notice... for making false and defamatory statements about her supposedly having been an 'escort' in the 1990s".The notice, fromCharles Harder, a lawyer for the couple,comes three days after the Daily Mail published a story citing an article in a Slovenian magazine that claimed a modelling agency Melania once did work for "also operated as an escort agency for wealthyclients."Harder "confirmed that the notices should be interpreted as a threat tosue",CNNsays. "Until lawsuits are filed, however, the notices function as warnings to the accused parties to issue a correction or retraction."The prominent LA attorney previously represented Hulk Hogan and others in their lawsuits against Gawker Media, which was "pelted with a raft of lawsuits that ultimately brought it to bankruptcy",Poyntersays."Much of the litigation was bankrolled by Peter Thiel, a Silicon Valley billionaire who said the lawsuits were comeuppance for articles he perceived as 'bullying' and 'damaging,'" the site adds.
I can't believe we are spreading politics on the Youtube comment section. I get
that every single individual is entitled to there opinion, but they don't have to announce it on a public VIDEO website. This is the same place were we watch cat and dog videos, so I'm getting sick and tired of all the extemly hurtful words coming from both parties.
We need a asswhole as a president fuck bowing down to another leader and shit you are a American president for fuck sake.. Get Obama out as fast as possible
I see, so all a gold star family has to do is be Islamic for the left to care about them lol....
Donald Trump says that Obama is Kenyan and he is right because black people can certainly obviously undeniably  definitely  no exceptions be American born citizens
I am from Hong Kong and  understand why many people against Trump. seems that he  treat china as a threat. why so many people still support him?
You also gotta remember these idiots are at work right now, they have a boss telling them 100% what to do, when it comes to portraying the 'news' or even being a president, there's 15 guys out of the shot just running everything
I really fucking hate trump, hate the ego, hate his corporate, greedy mindset, and I hate Hillary equally, but fuck it vote trump, I want him to fuck us up, please please fuck us up, fuck this rock we live on we don't deserve it, were too dumb, we're barely on Mars, we haven't even cured cancer yet and we make a plant illegal and cigarettes legal haha so dumb, fuck us trump, I believe in you!
Presidents and prime ministers are like avatars, they shouldn't be fighting each other they should be looking back on each other and improving, not just criticising the person and improving nothing..
The american democratic party and main stream media are coming across as desperate and almost calm on the outside and fake confidence but panicking and desperate on the inside. Trump looks strong
Trump will win and help restore the USA with our help
F Trump what a Bih
Who are "they"? Who are all these "many, many people"? Must be the voices in your own head. Shame on you for comparing any if your puny sacrifices to the ultimate sacrifice of the Kahn family. Shaking my head!!
Whaa whaa whaa, cry me a river. Trump is an egotistical, pompous, entitled, lying brat.
DUMP trump!
LATINO PARA TRUMP!!! OBAMA AND HILLARY HAS DONE NOTHING FOR THIS COUNTRY!!!!
well I DONT CARE who wins(nvm I do) but I feel like both president are ummmmm well.......
i know i am a kid but donald trump should look at his face oww wait he will just brake the mirrior.
and obama is better than you and and hittlery is better  

so shut the fuck up
Lol at the people who turn straight to insults when they've been proven wrong..ahh YouTube comment section "debates"
Vicious? Really? Come on Donald.
This presidential campaign has brought some of the worst bigots in America. They were for a long time waiting for this moment to get control of their so called America. Making American great again, what does that really mean? Beware folks, get out and vote your conscious. I am sure any real American that can rationalize this presidential war, can make the smart choice. All I can tell you is putting Nuclear weapons in the wrong hands can end our world as we know it.
Obama you and Killary sold the American people for money to  Isis. You need to be in jail for treason and Killary!
why is trump mad he needs to take that as advice like come on man dont get mad and try to make a comeback like be the bigger man and dont embarrass yourself man you just embarrassed yourself i cant even keep watching this
"It becomes a big deal" because he is the GOP presidential candidate.  He can't stop putting his foot down his throat.  If he isn't flat out lying about something, he's grossly exaggerating the issue.  The media does this, the media does that.  I know he really likes the "poorly educated", but give the somewhat to better educated the benefit of the doubt to be able to hear precisely what he is saying and arrive at their own conclusion.
Trump blinks too many lies.
Trumps a  fucking loser stop bitching about the media ur the reason why they talk bad about u with all the stupid things trump says
Actually D.Trump thinking, perceptions, values, norms, believe, and ideology are like wild ferocious animal. So I think his appropriate place is AMAZAN FOREST not any peaceful country or any civil society.
You dumb bitch.
Is Donald Trump a "pimmelberger"?
fuck you liberals TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT 2016
DRUMPF SUPPORTERS IS SERIOUSLY SMOKING METH....YALL JUSS ASS FUCCIN CRAZY AS DRUMPF I GUESS THATS WHY YALL WUD VOTE FOR MUTHAFUCCA THAT REALLY DON'T GIV A FUCC ABOUT YALL JUSS YALL VOTE.....THATS A RACIST LYIN SON OF BITCH!!!!....BELIEVE ME AS DRUMPF SAY!!....LMMFAO.....
I hate trump he thinks he's a smartass I want to live here in the USA but after trump is present I'm moving to Canada
Trump is so childish and childish!!! How can such a kid become president?
She can set uon fire and u can say thank u I hated those trousers! hmm in other words Bill is teaching Trump to be politically correct. heheh
baby hands
The wrongness of Trump, and it's not me, you all know it. Many many people talk about it. It's tremendously known, it's known. We keep hearing about it, it's something that is, it's , well it's just not good. 
People keep talking about how wrong it is, and it's a thing that we all know is true. 

LOL.. the Trump shuffle.
I have yet to see Trump give a direct answer to a direct question. His only tactic seems to be veering off on a tangent, spouting incoherent inanities.
i hate this noob
trump will never become president
I don't know if trump would be a great or bad president
I don't know if trump would be a great or bad president
4:45 Yeah I read a lot, I watch a lot...
What are you reading/watching? Playboy and east europe hentai?
Thats why you married Melania huh?
Dank Memers for Trump
Obama is a liar
he is right
donald trump can kiss my ass. what a bitch
If you think TRUMP would be worst you need to get your head examined!
(A) D'ump  is going to LOSE so hard. HRC is going to beat him SO HARD. No one (ALMOST!) wants the Outsourcer in Chief. 

(B) Sure do love watching this campaign crashing ever harder. What fun. Popcorn !!! Literally EVERY SINGLE LEGIT poll shows he is getting CREAMED YUGELY. Rightfully so, too! Love, love, love. He cant even begin to win against her in the debates. Cant WAIT to watch the disaster go down! Awesome. 

(C) Even if Hillary had half her brain removed, she'd still have more knowledge, smarts, compassion, and ethics than Dump. Granted, he's a low bar, who has "succeeded" purely through being born with money, being a con/charlatan who rules in chicanery, and just basically being a ruthless megalomaniac. 

(D) It's sad how egregiously misinformed his voters are, but the good news is...they're the minority. Joy! Fact-checkers can't even keep up with the amazing (truly amazing) barrage of lies. Sad some are taken in, but most people aren't trained in critical thinking skills and have no wherewithal to evaluate stuff on the internet and stuff that Dump vomits from the hole in his 

(E) Trump = not the candidate Jesus would approve of. Not that any fake Christians care. (D) Trump cant open his mouth without lyingand he never helped any run-of-the-mill-worker IN HIS LIFE. 

(F) Gotta love a fool complaining about "Mexicans" taking jobs when he OUTSOURCES everything. Amazing. He is the BIGGEST OUTSOURCER. Thats where the jobs go. Duh. 

(G) He has a personality disorder: MALIGNANT NARCISSISM. Hes as pernicious as they come. 

(H) He is owned/pwned by lenders in Russia (China is a problem too). 

In short, it's going down fast. PASS THE POPCORN. Watching the egomaniac Cheeto implode is EPIC, and, truth is, The entire GOP is OVER.
likes 4,952  
dislikes 4,275
Trump wins
He's INSANE....
Mr trump, if you really want to win here's a suggestion,spend some money to help some of those people that don't have flood insurance & lost everything.
lmao. Millions are voting for this guy.
Omg  Trump god he knows nothing he says every campaigner is gonna make America worse when he's the real one troubling citizens and I hate this offender to black people I wish Hillary Clinton wins he hates Muslims so how should he win!!
trump will destroy america with   homosexuals , lesbians , transsexuals ,
My dick head speaks better!!
I don't really care for politics but trump is what we need! hillary is going to  ruin america  just like Obama  did
He looks like the wallabies supporter's after last weekends Bledisloe cup humiliation.. Hahaha
this guy is a sociopathic bastard!!
i dont like both gop nonimes. trump will end up getting blame just like the other presidents have
I can never watch him speak without cringing
What afuckin whimp
lol trump was in front of a mirror the whole time
In my opinion, the question Mr. Trump asked was not only "acceptable;" but, VERY appropriate, given Khan's outspoken views that sharia law should take precedent over our US Constitution - which he was disrespectfully waving around. Anyone who knows squat about sharia laws knows how little freedom women have under that crap, even to speak without permission from her husband. If that's what some people are into, that's their own business; but, that POS wants to ram it down EVERYONE'S throats!!! For Clinton to even choose,THAT POS, of ALL people, shows not only her contempt for our nation's Constitution; but, for women, as well!!!...

Since there seems to be a "give me a citation to prove that" advocate around, I'll add: It's not my job to do lazy people's research for them. Simple do a search using the terms: Khan sharia law advocate and read what you find out about that scumbag...
i agree trump,
lmao... trump has a very low capacity for higher vocabulary.
We the People support Trump
Trump supporters
Hilary is a puppet....  Period
people are seeing the true Donald trump. he's an old man who most likely sits in his office while his business associates keep his companies running for the good of the employees and the investors. he's just the face. you can tell by the way he rambles on...clueless. If he's was an unknown business man trying to come up, no-one would deal with him.
All his words are negative....alll critics all negative.... As if he is the perfect person in the world... A running president is even weak to control his anger.. How can he do more?
You guys might think that trump wanted to build but.. what if trump destroyed all wifi network
Obama speaking:  " I just feel................that he...................isn't ready.....................to...aaaassassahhhhhh.......take the position..................of aaaaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh.........of president of.......................ummmmmmmmmm.....................the United States of ............................................................America
I hear bla bla bla bla bla bla bla bla
IF OBAMA COULD BE AS CONCERN WITH HILLARY PUTTING NATIONAL SECURITY AT RISK AS HE IS WITH TRUMP JUST SIMPLY STATING KHAN's wife did not speak mYbe I WOULD TAKE HIM SERIOSLY. #DISSAPOINTED! #ObamaIsAJoke
farsantes, que buen acto se avientan
Mr. Trump you have to win.  America depends on it
Gold star family? Khan works for the Clinton's. Khan is a known member of the Muslim Brotherhood and has supported Sharia Law yet like the taqiyya scum that he is he waves a pocket Constitution and uses his son's death for a sympathy vote. The son may have been an America but the father is not. I have never liked O'Reilly and he should support Trump not lecture him on how to respond to all the lies propagated about him. Trump has the right to defend himself and his ability to fight is to his credit.
Phony childish who takes everything personal , he would be worthless without his dad .
fuck donald trump
IN FOR TRUMP
I better like trump
YES,  TRUE, BUT IT MUST BE SAID THAT HUSSEIN ISN'T BLIND, AS THE ONE WHO NOT KNOWING WHAT HE IS DOING! FIRST: HE IS ON IMPOSTOR! SECOND: HE KNOWS ALL TOO WELL WHAT HE IS DOING: HE, AS A MOSLEM AND #1 ISLAMIC TERRORIST WORKING FROM INSIDE , IS DEMOLISHING, IS DIMINISHING, IS DISMANTLING , IS BRINGING DOWN THE POWER OF USA, AND MOST  IMPORTANT: IS DROWNING IN THE ISLAMIC MUD THE REPUBLIC OF USA... ONLY MR. TRUMP AS NEXT US PRESIDENT CAN BROKE AND STOP THIS MOST DEADLY PROCESS THE LEFTIST GANGS WITH ISLAMO-NAZI AGENDAS OF POLITICAL HENCHMEN SUPPORTED WITH THE DEVILS SERVANT, THE COMMUNISTS, AS SOON AS HE ENTERS THE GREYISH WHITE HOUSE'S UNCLEAN ROOMS OF POWER...
Obama: "I'm worried about you guys voting for Trump."

Trump: "Nu uh. You suck. Also, Hilary sucks."

Great. Politics. We're all screwed.
Lol... Trump doesn't have a come back for the president even O'reilly wanted to cut him off cause he's all over the place smh... Everything that comes out of Donald's mouth is 
Hi, I'm from the UK and would normally not have the affront to criticise the US, a nation that I have the upmost respect for.  But surely, Americans must realise that Trump  cannot possibly be elected to the presidential office? This is important, it could affect world peace! Please don't do this!!
Bye the time trump makes it to be president he'll die I mean look at him he's so old he'll die any minute now WTF trump go suck a dick
Fuck Fox News and Trump Supporters
This moron is yapping thru his ass.
Donald Trump will be the greatest!!!!!  OK, he will make America Great Again?  YOU KNOW!!!
obama could not be better than he already is. trump
OBAMA YOUR FOREIGN POLICY HAS DESTROYED THE ENTIRE WORLD. YOU ARE A SHAME TO AMERICA GET OUT OF THE WHITE HOUSE YOU TRAITOR!
i cant believe how childish he sounds hes like ' i know you are but what am i'. i feel bad for him bc he is clearly very insecure and hes probably been that way for 70 years
Shut the fuck up Muslim play golf and send Isis what they want.
THEY BOTH SUCK!!! Our Country is royally FUCKED!!! EVERYTHING BURNS!!!
LOOK WHO TALKS AND WHO RUNS AMERICA A FUCKING AFRICAN MUSLIM SCUM HIM AND HIS CROOKS FUCKING RATS
TRUMP POWER MOTHER FUCKER
Hes not answering the question. typical of bs major businessman
Michael you are sooooooo far away from the topic. The whole video is about Trump's racial and hateful comments , it is regarding a Gold Star family who have sacrificed their son who's a US Army Captain, why are you going a way from the subject and bringing what Pres Obama's video . And btw I love that video and I love the way Pres Obama smoked Trump's in front of everybody , and he has the right to , because the dump stupid hateful trump keeps accusing him of not being born in the states . Guess what you like trump I can tell , but prepare to cry with him because Hillary is going to be the next president , let's make America hate again is going down boy .
Obama.  The Food Stamp President.  This POS criticizing anyone is a complete laughing stock.
if you take your car to the mechanic to get it fixed,the mechanic must know the problem of the car to fix the car, a mechanic can't fix your car if he doesn't know the problem. Hillary can't fix America cause she doesn't know the problem of America. Trump knows the problems he can fix USA. Hillary says "we will create jobs we will help immigrants go to college, we will we will we will WE WILL thats all she says and that's what Bill clinton said and made it worse, Bill fucked it up for George Bush then Obama got America naked,Obama said we will we will we will too. creating jobs in America won't fix the economy, i mean building a bridge a road or a dam wont fix the economy.America need companies to compete with china, exporting goods will fix the economy.
Fuck trump he's a dick head he's ugly and he's fat then a hippo and he has ugly hair
Working with Russia is already a policy of the USA and other nations. Trump should sell back Alaska to Russia, with Sarah Palin in it. Then she doesn't need to look at it but she can live it. After that Trump should build a wall between Canada and Alaska and let the Russians pay for it.
President Obama USA 2008 - 2016
Lol, it reminds me of when Tywin would talk to Joffrey "Baratheon"
President Obama one of the best Presidents since President Kennedy. trump always lies ands make things seems bigger then what it is. He uses words like vicious, many many, attacks so he can play the innocent one when he is part of the demonic plan for this nation.Wake up folks, It doesn't matter who the president is the world will end we all will die and them the judgement are you ready, is your soul righteous, do you know Jesus as your personal savior if not is time to stop playing parties and get right with God.
Donald trump will end the world if he becomes president
Donald and Hillary should date
"Make America Great Again, just blame the press"
dat Face hahaha
he is simply blabbering his way out pshhhh.. just look at him how immaturely he talks . jus look at the news reporter how frustrated his looks became when trump was giving some shitty kiddy reaction. Being defensive(trump) it's in his nature. Just look at him the way he is criticizing others like a kiddo. he isn't logical at all. Hoof.... it's the waste of my time thinking about this man hope god directs him to the right path
Fuck you trump
At the beginning He looked like a 6 year old being told he can't have the other cookie lol
what do you get when two a$$ talk? just pure shit
Violation of human rights in this country (Saudi Arabia) will generate more than the events of September atheist violation of women's rights as they are prevented from driving a car and go out only fully covered in addition to rape, and worse than that prevents hear the songs in public and other things funny what are you waiting O Americans, even if all my novel error Are consists Bedouin Hola playing with the future of your children and I am one of your sons loyal very loyal as well as Middle East country full of oil, even if the whole novels pretext error where the excuse that the most appropriate time I (my name Abdoallah Tamimi from the city of Hail Saudi Arabia)
Trump  is an idiot. LOL
I kinda want Donald trump to win
Obama talks like a retard, can`t wait for Trump to make America great again and I am not even from USA.
Greetings from UK
+Mike Pierre same people support trump cause they like people with money..maybe. he also mocked handicapped people LIKE HOW COULD U DO THAT
Trump just isnt the brightest, just repeating himself every other sentence.
obama: president for last 8 years
trump: i know more about foreign policy than he does
Obama says Trump wouldn't be a good President, and he acted immature at a WH dinner party setting a kid show up, trashing Trump, and showing a kid's film as his birth video. All because there was a question of concern.  Trump, being an American citizen, had every right to ask that question. It is only a birth paper to be shown. Why put on such an immature little get ya back bully kid's show? Could have just came on TV and said, I have heard there is a lot of talk that I wasn't born in the US.  I have sent away for my birth paper and will make it public as soon as I receive it. My gosh, it was only a birth paper, why take the time to put on a get ya back immature kid act?
I like examples
What an asshole!
Trump helped down in Louisiana, Obama and Hillary did not. 
Trump Is blunt, But he gets the job done. End of story.
Mr. Trump's way has a half-measure of Hitlers thinking. This man is full of scars and sequels due to attacks on him, on his needs and on his richness. 

THIS MAN THINKS OF USA AS BEING HIS OWN HOUSE
- He uses the trash bucket when he has something to thrown. He doesn't get rid of the garbage around his living room, in hallways or in his bed;
- He wants to protect his personal property, as each pulls up a fence around their house. He needs a front door to stop the others entering anytime and anywhere into his intimacy;
- He want to be a member of this great family, whit all those together who maintains this house, where all should have equal rights. Mr. Trump thinks that a parent is obligated to love his offspring, sharing responsibilities that these children could support;
- Mr. Trump thinks widely, looking for The Big Picture, even if for some people, with smaller thinking, this means tyranny. He wants each one to learn to make mistakes, from this being able to develop, but also to assume their own sins;
- He is tired to be fooled by these great leaders, by these presumed parents, who should protect their children. How, the fuck, are you responsible, as a mom and as a dad, if you teach your boys to become barbarians, attacking other neighboring houses? How are you protective, with tutorial rights, if you allow that in your own home to enter and reside all kinds of foreign characters who believe that women don't have equal rights with men? What monstrous conceptions can develop your own daughters? 

We are all like any other being and non-being of all the universe. We are as well as the asteroids in space. as all suns and the rest of this whole entire galaxy. 
In fact we are this whole infinite as well; as the infinitesimal organisms that are the basis of the whole rest; the virus masses of everywhere, which also trying to thrive. And like the bee families, we are too - who need to beware of predators such as wasps. And I don't say that these thieves of honey and criminals of bees that are lower than anything else, but which themselves need to make their own place into this existence as anyone and anything else, into all this "chaos".

I love the fascist thinking, but only a half of it. The history has taught us to learn from our mistakes. The tyranny is very useful, just as a parent sometimes must rebuke his own children.
So I love the Hitlers thinking, but only a half of it, and Mr. Trump learn from our history mistakes as everybody and everything else. And from this it follows that I, a gypsy from Romania - my own tyrant of my family, I respect 100% the path of this man, Mr. Donald Trump.

P.S. Forgive me if I didn't use correctly English, but my excuse is that I'm still learning and Google translate is my support.
I like Obama's voice
The man is delusional.
speaking about dishonest press...
would he remove new Mexico off America's map
So what is the reason for Obamas 8 years of fucking up the USA !!!  He was just not qualified to be PRES . of the USA !!!  If he was not mixed up like a cur dog he would not have been PRES . !!!  To all you people who put this idiot in the White House you are a stupid bunch of son of a bitches !!!  You people are the blame for AMERICAS  down fall !!!  Good job dumb ass !!!   TRUMP FOR PRES. 2016 !!!  He will FIX Obama's fuck ups !!!!
The look on the presidents face tells you how much of a moron AdolfTrump is
REMEMBER VISA TRUMPSTER IN THE DUMPSTER AD ? CLOWN WILL DO ANY THING FOR A BUCK !
he sounds like a 3rd grader fucking lazy 8yrs wasted
The caner is real in the comment section.
I am a muslim and i hope Trump become the next president of US.
Trump would make a better president then what we have in the white house now and i think he may make the best of all time if he sends the Muslims back to what ever slum thay came from and send the illegals back over the Rio Grande he would be the best president of all time to alot of true Americans
Capitalism is the bastard child of democracy a whore a deficiency a wife to the greedy bastard child of the worst type trump.

Wait...what'?
Its so clear Trump just hates Obama on a personal level. Im really starting to think Obama fucked Melania .
I love Obama for almost everything he did and tried to do, but I also love Trump for his vision and his balls. Trump/Obama is the ticket.
Donald Trump is right as fck.
Listening to this disgusting racist is hard. I thank the Lord for having bestowed us President Obama
Notice how he never defended himself of being woefully unprepared, only attacked Obama instead.
He can't talk shit about Obama cause he will be better than this bitch called trump
Fuck Donald trump he ain't shit he needs to die and burn in hell
democrats have had almost a year to get dirt on trump , the best they can come up with almost a year later is he has funny hair. really ? now hilary on the otherhand  has had nonstop scandles and i believe alot more to come .even if you don't like trump , hilary will do far far more damage to your country
Trump 2016  !
"Shouldn't we just get along with Russia" "I think he's the worst president we have had in our country, Hillary has the potential to be even worse" Holy crap what a dumbass.
it looks like trump is about to cry.
He is truthful and honest. However, he needs to be hypocritical for political purposes. It is his biggest weakness.
its plain as day that trump is not fit for this task. wonder why people support him
it crazy how a another hitler apers and people are so blind, fuck trump and if you follow trump than fuck your upbringing..
Donald Trump DID NOT attack the Khan's.   Some one please tell me when and how exactly did Trump "attack" that family.
Trump should be president. Hillary will ruin american economy and promote terrorism
Fuck trump
Donald Trump is so right about CNN ratings. They're ratings have tanked big time. This could be the end-game for them. Wolfe Blitzer, Jake Tapper, and the entire network are getting exactly what they deserve.
Obama: "I don't believe that Mr. Trump enough basic knowledge about serious issues to become President"

Trump: "Worst President in history, terrible, very bad, so weak, get 'em out"
Anyone in the comment section who is anti trump you can go home to your mothers and fucking complain to them about what Trump says. You stupid fucking pussies
He literally cannot be held accountable for anything he says because he just claims he was taken out of context or he was being sarcastic. And his rubes eat it up! It's baffling to me. 

And George Bush was 10000x worse than President Obama.
0:03 when he steals your juicebox
he is a genuine person but sometimes he talks shit
if trump had any idea about world he would know that there already were tens of thousands of russian troops in crimea by agreement with ukraine. All they had to do was leave their bases and hit the streets.
In all the years of watching O'Reilly and listening to his radio show, I don't think I have ever heard a show that insults the GOP candidate's decisions and questions the nominee's intelligence in this way, ever. It is like he is trying to coach him and help him but Trump just won't listen.  He tries to do it in a smart way so that there will be sympathy with Trump's position with recent Media stories, yet the word's out of Trumps mouth just don't allow O'Reilly to actually sway the conversation in a way beneficial to Trump. He starts off with a quote from Obama related to Khan, and then when Trump when completely lost focus and starts talking about the fact that in a recent interview he was actually unaware that Russia invaded Ukraine after saying that Russia would never attack Ukraine he had to "re-focus" (O'Reilly's words) Trump to get him back to the subject. Let's face it, the Russia - Ukraine incident is a conversation even O'Reilly doesn't want to step into. Then he continues to try to paint Trump in a light in which Trump could be apologetic for the petty and unimportant comments he made about the Mother and in this way will solidify and cause forgetfulness about the real and important comments he made about the lost veteran, but Trump continues to deny his fault in anything. This makes O'Reillys job of looking like an antagonizer while actually swaying public opinion and sympathy towards Trump hard, and it also looks like the two have a past and O'Reilly clearly thinks he is much more intelligent than Trump, which he most certainly is. Trump probably tried to borrow O'Reillys Tempur-Pedic money to build a paper casino at one point and O'Reilly said no way Trump your corporations always claim bankruptcy to reduce what you have to pay to your creditors. Looks like some bad blood between these big wig businessmen at some point, but what do I know, I'm just a regular guy.
Throughout this video trump got redder and redder. I think he can't handle being wrong.
I love how salty everyone gets lol
This is where blondes are dumb stereotype came from.
the usa needs a GOOD cleansing to get rid of obamas muslims family members and his travon kids hes got running a round the ghetto of chicago
Obama for a thre term!!! Just to piss off the right wing enough to pick up arms. Wouldn't it be fun to watch TV and see drone strikes on republicans houses? Fucking boom.  We could have drone PARTYS... Make bets... What fun !!!!
TRUMP LOOKS  PRESIDENTIAL!!! COMPARE? OBAMA IS NOTHING!!! WE ARE SO EMBARRASSING TO LET HIM IN WH!
er wasny crimea historically Russian and given to Ukraine as a gift or some shit?
Soo unfair,,,  " viciously "..  I was attacked".. " they lie..   " "He is the worst president ever".. "Crooked Hillary"

Trump sounds like a little paranoid boy..   with a word recipe.. 

Say "viciously" again.. please..  say " [they] are dishonest" again..  just repeat it..  Over and over and over and over.. and over.. and over .. .again..  
And when you tire..just go away.. just vanish,.. take your immigrant wife and be prosperous away from public life.. just go.
Can we get Obama fitted for a coffin please? Hillary too.
Finally someone on wavelength with Bill O' Reilly...
WTF IS WRONG WITH HIM
STFU stupid McDonald lover (lol)
... STUPID DONALD TRUMP RUDELY JUST CRITICIZES President Obama( I'm loyal to Obama)
Me and 8 of my relatives have worked for Trump and made a good living.......he created welath for us, and then Obama takes it away.
Lets see those tax returns scumbag.
It's funny, Obama is a Marxist but badmouth's Trump for wanting a relationship with Russia. Obama's just mad that Putin refused to shake his hand, but called Trump a genius.
Thats true 100%. Thank you Trump.
Nobody knows the world more than I do. You look at China, they make everything, you look at Iran, they're in war, you look at Sweden, they're in economic faillure: ALL Obama's fault. I know it because I'm the best.
Every spy,, every bad go in and out into US .. and US look like a whore or a hotel.. Trump only can save
The people who vote for lying Hilary are just dumb as fuck. I would rather have Trump who just has a big mouth over someone who lies and has killed people.  TRUMP 2016!!!
FUCK DONALD TRUMP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
More Guns more Bibles!!!!
God fucken dammit!!!  Everyone knows that every politician is a crooked crook!  Ask any college student and that person will tell you how fucked up our government officials are.  There all actors.  Fuck hillary. Fuck Obama!  We want Trump,  we Don't want a filthy tapeworm as president
Shut the fuck up Obama!!  Your a fucken actor!
I think the real question everyone should be asking is....why is anyone at the democratic national convention discussing anyone, or anything, outside of democrat policies?  Is the convention about trying to make everyone else look bad so they don't look quite so bad, or is it about discussing issues they find important?
When the commie controlled news media finally started to report about ISIS, obama was asked what he was going to do about the ISIS threat. He wanted to CONTAIN THEM. Try not to let them spread or get stronger. He is thinking Islam first, America  last.
Fuck trump
When Obama took office. He was willfully un prepared for the office to.
lATINAS FOR TRUMP. TE AMO TRUMP. GO GET THEM TIGER. FIX THIS HELL OBAMA HAS CREATED! WE R WITH U! CHOOO CHOOOOOO, GET OUT OF THE WAY KOOLAID DRINKERS! CHOOOCHOOOO
Obama u had DONE NOTHING SO SHUT THE FUCK UP!
 vote trumo!
Heartless and self absorbed   running for president? He thought he was being brutally attacked good God not a good option.
I'm Italian. We Italians invented trump 25 years ago. We called him Silvio Berlusconi. Unfortunately we didn't submit it to copyuright protection... so now you Americans can copy OUR product.... Damn copyright laws...
we travel by air, underground, sea and feet... if he does bill the wall and puts water and  crocodiles around the wall. them mathafuckers will be belts and boots in a couple hours ahahahahaha
Trump never answers what he hes been asked...
Trump is a big dumb baby
This dude has the understanding of a 5 year old. If you lost your mind,how can you SPEAK your mind??
I CAN'T WAIT TO SEE SOMEONE TAKE THIS ASSHOLE OUT !!! AND THE PEOPLE WHO SUPPORT HIM !!
It so happens that Obama ranks fifth in popularity among all the presidents. Lincoln rates number one, Ronald Reagan is number two. Forty presidents tied for third, Jimmy Carter is fourth and Obama is fifth.
See how this bastard stood up for this so called gold star family. Fuck them. He should not have been in the American military any way. The true gold star families are the 4 dead Navy Seals families and the dead Ambassador. Fuck you Obama. You should be brought up on treason charges. This is not a Muslim nation nor do they belong in America.
This is ridiculous... Both these they sound high
you are some of the dumbest people on earth. i mean look at the people.... you choose the two dumbest people contained within the US border to be president. AND your country has been at war for over 100 years. FUCKING STUPID! you NEVER learn from what you did wrong. USA Think they are the world police and on TOP of the food chain. YOU ARE NOT! 

your contry is fucked up. HUUUGE drug problem, Homeless People, insane amount of people in jails for nothing. 

i just HOPE!! (I CAN ONLY FUCKING HOPE!!!) that Trump OR hillary clinton does NOT start any more shit in this world.
i like one fucking thing about trump and its hes wall! BUILD IT AND STAY THE FUCK IN UR CONTRY!
3:59  Did he say: "CNN, which is a totally dishonest group" ?
Yes it was. Crime was taken when Obama was President. So, was Child Rapism's back in slavery days, selling children sexually, selling drugs to the hood from the cia when the people from the hood has no green cards even back from 1922 when white cops use to beat the living hell out of blacks and follow them everywhere they go. They had enough time to somehow smuggle it in the usa getting it from Columbia and, other countries. @Mysterious-Lee... Your so truthful. Yes, and, so was all the children that was missing from 50 years or more ago, and today's date that still never been found even when this country has and, still have high technology. Your right. It's not a race problem but, lets just blame the black president huh? Why don't we blame him for saying Iraq Blew up the Twin Towers when (Bush) did it ok? Lets blame him for selling Army Gear, Weapons and, Missiles to Terrorism also huh? When (Bush) did it. I got a better idea. How about we blame him for gas prices gone up during Katrina when the Hurricane Struck and, killed over thousands of lives. (When Bush was President). Lets Blame him for everything that has always existed huh? What you think? Your Media now deceived you? Your Racist? Want to say Yeah! Lets do that!?!). Lets believe everything the Media still tells us. Lets blame him because their has always been poor people, people from the army like (Vet's) homeless who fought for us when the Government also could help. Their Country could help. Lets blame him because he was not the President during every other President Lies, Steals, Violence, Corruption and, fuck up.... Lets blame him because he is when things are to come better but, maybe it can be the Government doing it to make him look bad. Lets blame him because Democrats and, Republicans fighting against each other which is (THEIR OWN COUNTRY). Lets blame him because (CATHOLIC AND CHRISTIAN) Fought each other over god's believes and killed one another when both bibles said, it is ONE SIN TO NOT COMMIT. Sounds better Ignorant Kid?...... You sound real damn smart when you can not figure that one out..... Nor see it...... Whilest the Government fucking you, you got your head stuck up a black mans ass with your racism ways. Even if your not Racism, you have your head stuck up his ass while the Government and, the Media Fucking you...... I know all those dicks hurt don't it?....... So many fools want to speak of education.... Bish, you ain't educated. Your way too damn ignorant to be educated.... WTF you learned? Ignorance? Stupidness? To become a Hypocrite? What kind of damn education their giving you? I Middle finger up the ass Education? LOL...> WOW
Everybody who has supported Trump,must now choose between a fullblooded politician(who,like everyone makes mistakes)than somebody CRAZY.Draft dodging is 100% correct.The 3rd time you used study as a reason for not going to Vietnam,he was already more than a year not in that school.The fourth time it was a mystery foot "thing",asjed wich one ,he daid,ask my campaign manager,come on,you re mm ember wich foot it was that kept you out off dangerous position. DRAFT DODGER,PREIOD.LOOSER TRUMP.
Hillary has enough faults,but there no exuses,for Trumps ridiculous speech.He says something in the  morning and evening comes and he does a 180, one day  !!!!
Lol you know why there everybody in the commons is hating on Trump, because Trump supporters actually have a job and don't screw around on YouTube but Hillary supporters don't have any jobs and just live off welfare so they can screw around on the Internet all day
He is an adult child
O'REILLY IS NOTHING BUT A TRUMP WHORE. THE FOX SPIN MACHINE IS TOTAL FANTASY. TRUMPIE YOU LOOK SO GRUMPY.  FUCK FOX AND THEIR LYING REPORTING.
he responds with insults.....hes like a child.
F@&$ Trump! If he wins, we might as well call this country The United States of Trump. This country will die if he becomes president.
Jesus Christ, face the camera when you talk to you side-sitting, pouty, little bitch. He looks like a brat in time-out. "And--and--and CNN was really mean to me! And I don't know what I did! Why is everyone so mean to me!? All I did was stick my fucking foot in my mouth again referencing a fallen soldier's home-life and relationship with his mother! Why can they present news about what I said!? It's not like I'm a public figure or anything!" - Donald Trump, basically
CLINTON 2016!!!!! 
Poor guy being so viciously attacked like that over and over again.  Nope doesn't seem like a moany bitch to me.
Trump is a true American hero. He is brave and couragous. There will be literally an alocalypse if he is not there.
Why the fuck was it Obama's duty to fight off Putin? Also, what the fuck with the reply of, basically, 'an eye for an eye'? If everyone acted in such a childish way, the world would go blind.
hes the reason the rest of planet earth thinks Americans  are dumb as fuck
Donald trump is a dick end off
Lets dissect the logic of Trump's argument here.




Just kidding there isn't any.
I'm not white, just a man who uses his brains instead of following and blindly believing. Obama is a FAILURE and an incompetent. Nice talks but zero substance. Only losers and lazy people like Obama.
What an idiot
He literally can't give one straight answer.. Wtf is wrong with you people?
good person
Donald trump would/Will fuck up america R.I.P
Donald Trump is a sick men. sick in his.  he thinks " o i'm rich I cane rule America.  no you can not rule America. America dont need Trump. 
vote for Hillary People plassen. i'm not american. but i do care about america
fuck you trump hope u die
Trump is so in love with Putin it's pitiful.
CRIMEA IS NOT USA, SO USA THINKS THEY OWN THE WORLD
Awesome Obama endorses Trump.  Trump 2016
jeez. trump really stuuuuuupid
NWO vill chaos, this sick bird has two wings, Hillrey or trump, same shit .. look at the hands, and see the truth ... love a freedom
Fatbaby
Did this orange man just blame Obama for the Annexation of Crimea
The world needs icons like Trump / Vladimir puttin / George Bush to run Europe or get another Hitler soon
i actually am looking forward to a fucked up US when the lunatic is elected president.
And you are the WORST PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE EVERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!
The best reason for not supporting Trump is that he is an ugly cunt as is that O'Reilly old fart.
TRUMP2016. FUCK KILLARY KLINTON
I honestly don't think Trump attacked, he just didn't kiss the rude dad's ass. I anything, Khan attacked him! For what? Trumps stance on ILLEGAL IMMIGRATION!?!?
BTW, Khan has alot to lose if Clinton loses since he's an immigration attorney whose law firm also reps the Saudi govt and has ties to the Clinton Foundation. Believe me, Khan is no coincidence. Wake up America to Hillary's smoke & mirrors game!
potus state dept clinton. foundation cut out of the same cloth
dnc hillery. denied refused kick to the curb. bengaze. gold. star. mothers. whats up
yeah sure wape out russion corey italin egypt lethuaniai mmmmm jion nazi germany and evriting is ok go trump
This guy is completely clueless. Its like he just started following politics the past year
I gave this guy a chance, but i'm done.  He keeps saying the same bull shit... "I believe I am better", "I think the people are going to love me"  I'm done with him.  Lots of talking and nothing to back it up.
Clinton is going to destroy him, its going to be a blood bath.  He is way under funded, and getting killed in the polls.
Whay Whay Whay  is all we hear from this baby.   Also that everyone else is lying and they are all against him.
What a brainless, ignorant, crazy, looney, retarded lying 
bastard!
Trump is delusional in thinking that we could ever become allies with Russia.
What a wimp this dipshit Obama is.
Am from the uk, is this bloke a joke ???  If this bloke is elected I hope the UK has nothing to do with America.
Donald Trump is a traitor and must be jailed
Really?  Just shows how much you know about your country and your President.  You're nothing but a loud mouthed Racist.  You've gone after THE PRESIDENT, re his Birth Certificate, (same format you gave to Bill Maher, when you were going to SUE him, proving that you weren't the son of an Orangutan).  You know nothing of what your President has done for the country and yet, let someone point out your faults to you and you are like a cry baby, wanting to close down the press because boo hoo, they weren't nice to you.  Mr Khan, attacked you viciously yet, you say nothing of why he attacked you.  You labelled ALL Muslims as Terrorists and not the 0.016% that really are.  You brag about the Wharton School of Business and yet, achieved NOTHING outstanding there.  You excelled at nothing and they are distancing themselves from you.   People remember you for your loud mouth and nothing else so, you're not as smart as you make out.  You will NEVER be anything like the previous Presidents - only, as you so eloquently labelled them the UNEDUCATED are your supporters.  Anyone with half a brain, can see what you are... A windbag.  All pop, no fizz!  The Man who would be President. You're a joke.
you know what Obama should do? He should call for Trump to be elected and then he get to laugh at him for being the actual worst andhim downgrading to second-worst. won't that be wonderful folk? :)
wow, Trump does not realize that if someone attacks you with facts, you should try to throw back facts at him not your personal view
The USA plays the world police where there is no need for it and the middle east and europe end up with the consequences! Mind your own fucking business!!!
His crime is that, he says what is in his heart... He is a good politican who is honest and way far from hypocrisy. He made his policies clear. love him or leave him
The man was "viciously attacked" then calls the president weak....
Trump is hilarious and adorable. Every speech he made is laughable and entertaining in a unique way.
what an ass! GL with this retard haha!
IM FOR TRUMP!

Repeat after me and you can be a Trump fan too:

I dont like American prisoners of war. They are losers!

Megan Kelly is a bad person. How dare she question Trumps character!

I believe Trump saw thousands of Muslims celebrating on 9/11 (even though no one else did.)

Its a good thing when our white Aryan brothers approve of Trumps platform!

Why is it bad to make fun of the disabled? They do shake and move funny, right?

You dont have to ask God for forgiveness if you do everything right like Trump does.

When a judges grandfather is from another country, he cant possibly be fair to anyone!

The Kahns have no right to question Trump, even if their son is a hero soldier and an proven American patriot, and even though Trump dodged the draft 5 times.

Whats so wrong about asking.If we have all these nuclear weapons, why dont we use them? three times during a one hour security briefing.

If your daughter is sexy hot, doesnt every father think, If she werent my daughter...

Its only natural that 98% of Democrats do not like Trump, and Im sure the 58% of Republicans who oppose Trump are just confused... Trump has been great at unifying all the remaining folks.

Just because the IRS has repeatedly said it is Ok for Trump to share his tax info with the American public... and just because every presidential candidate for the past hundred years has done this doesnt mean the IRS is not trying to trick Trump!!!
I Spoke well today
"I think he's the worst president in our history" LOL, right out of the gate. Go Trump!knock the hell out ofthese lightweights.
This little piece of shit
Did trump just say that Obama is worse than Andrew Jackson?
Did trump just say that Obama is worse than Andrew Jackson?
Thank goodness for Trump this CLOWN is giving the election away. Democrats couldn't ask for a better opponent. He is giving it away . Makes you wander if he is working for us Democrats.
listening to this human carrot is becoming incredibly tiring. Merely because it's absolutely frustrating trying to make sense of all the garbage he vomits. This whole Crimea thing, he literally said Russia wouldn't invade Crimea. He is clueless. That alone should be enough to stop the interview right there on grounds of complete bs.

Meanwhile, O'Riley is just clinging on to whatever power he believes he will still have if Trump is president. But other than that, the guy is just senile and completely out of touch with reality.
trump is such a piece of shit.. along with his supporters... talks bout the lies? Motherfucker you're the king of lies. Trump has supported the clintons in the past he identified as a democrat and was for the war in Iraq and now claims the complete oppesite! These trump supporters are getting served shit and being told its caviar and they eat it up even if they can smell the shit they still call it caviar when they swallow.
Vote Trump 2016!
Obama is incompetent
"I have the right to reply because I was viciously attacked" 

lol What a crybaby. Any other person with normal self-esteem would just ignore it.
" I know more about foreign policy than he does".  It's funny that he is back-peddling when he didn't even originally know that Crimea was taken over by Russia!  Trump doesn't know his mouth hole from his fucking asshole.
I see NOTHING wrong with Trump and EVERYTHING wrong with Clinton!!!
"Obama is weak"... haha, well he got Bin Laden.  Maybe everybody forgot that.  Trump wouldn't get shit...
Trump's own words substantiate Obama's comments. Ridiculous staement after ridiculous statement. But you must admit,  his hair was perfect!
Some white folks still living in slavery time, u can't swallow it having a black president!! You will never ever get a president like Obama never! U like war go ahead and vote for hitler (trump)
Man... Donald trump clearly has no clue what the fuck he's talking about.... I swear if he gets the presidency.... Well obviously he won't... He's gonna restart a war that Obama dealt with and was able to bring back so many US troops.... This piece of shit says wouldn't it be wonderful to go and bomb the fuck out of Isis and NATO or some shit.... "Obama said using military actions would be a last resort" clearly this motherfucker doesn't care about American families who could potentially lose their loved ones who serve in the military forces If the troops who were brought back by Obama go back to countries currently highly active and are at war. And for what? To be on the front page of news all over the world saying the US beat Isis from the hand of trump.... News for you.. You stupid fuck... The us isn't the only one who wants to take out Isis... We have France and other countries who are at war against terrorism and it'll take a group effort to take those son of a bitches down....
donald trump, what a cunt
He first says Obama is shit, then says he's weak because russia took Crimea. Then says he want's to be friends Russia and then obama is weak because he let Russia take Crimea. I mean what? is he implying he would be such good friends with Russia they would not do anything like that again or is he saying he would be a strong president because he would wage war with them?
Because both sound ridiculous.
Trump looks constipated!
FOX NEWS IS DISHONEST FOX =666
tromp the next president.
1:34 - Your such an idiot! Obama does not have power over Russia's geopolitical decisions and neither will you if the American's are stupid enough to elect you.
The Democrats had to go back a fair time into history to find 1 Muslim US soldier who was/is a hero. I think Trump is just saying this family is a lightening strike, not the thing you see. Comparing 1 Muslim soldier vs the ten's of thousands murdered by Muslims is a sick thing for Hillary to do.
The world has a problem, it's a game show called "I'm going to kill you because I'm best Muslim, and my version of Islam is better than yours".
Well said Trump.
lol Trump gets right to the point -- Obama is the worst president in US history.
I find it very difficult to take Donald Trump seriously. When ever he speaks it sounds just like: blaa, blaa, blaa, blaa, blaa, blaa, blaa, blaa.....
Welcome to a truly stupified America. You are voting on this baboon, well knowing he is a pro con man. A con man who made the majority of his money off other peoples missery. And you think he will make America great again? He represents EVERYTHING that makes America bad. Biggest fucking joke of the century!
I wonder what our future presidents would think of this
cringe
Obama has ulterior motives that are not for america but for the One World Order !!! The reason Trump got on Obama about his birth place had nothing to do with color. It is the fact that Obama was raised by a questionable influence.
fuck u trump your the fucking lier  Obama can beat you down in a ring in 3 minutes
I just want to say that I am coming from European country and I am sick and tired of the hate and racism that your country beholds, I am sitting here looking at a man that is one of the key figures of all this hatred. And your country and our world will never ever, get better with this man that makes me feel sick watching him. Trump is NOT good. And it seems everyone can fucking see that apart from a few people in your country. 

Anyway it's not my country and I'm not hating. I just feel that it's time some of you people need to wake up.
Why does donald trump have turkey eyes? He looks like a clown and talks like one.
Fox News ;) I will subscribe to you for some funny entertainment everyday ha ha :D
Both are SHITS!!!! 
he didnt even answer the question WTF
how obama can suport candidate. its fuckin unrulled.
trump will win anyway.
The US is such a shit country
His little pouty face is too much 
Im from Ireland and im concerned for Americans if Donald Fuck becomes president.
Obama underestimate trump  ! 
in history, Ronald Reagan has  degree  in economy degree  and now  trump also has  degree BS  in economy too .
Regan  run  the office white house   very well in his term   so  trump  can do good too if  trump win 20016
bc trump is great smart  guy he can learn how to fit in  white house  fast !
Oh, yeah, and besides... the "gold star family" were acting as shills for the lefty socialist progressive society engineers in the dems.  They are pukes that deserved to be slammed back, irrespective of their son's death in action.
Trump is the only hope for the US right now.  What you guys have in place there right now is reprehensible.  So, back at ya, all you people that call him down.
wow, trump is such a tard he actually manages to make o'reilly appear to be half normal
mind blown.
I WAS VICIOUSLY ATTACKED
making a successful business and having billions of dollars it's not a sacrifice
Under Democrats black Americans and all minorities have the highest unemployment rates, lowest amount of home ownership, lowest amount of high school and college graduate, highest poverty rates,  highest crime ridden and unsafe neighborhoods, highest drug and alcohol addictions, and near 75% of black children grow up without fathers.

Today the overwhelming majority of black children are raised in single female-headed families. As early as the 1880s, three-quarters of black families were two-parent. In 1925 New York City, 85 percent of black families were two-parent. One study of 19th-century slave families found that in up to three-fourths of the families, all the children had the same mother and father.

Today's black illegitimacy rate of nearly 75 percent is also entirely new. In 1940, black illegitimacy stood at 14 percent. It had risen to 25 percent by 1965, when Daniel Patrick Moynihan wrote "The Negro Family: The Case for National Action" and was widely condemned as a racist. By 1980, the black illegitimacy rate had more than doubled, to 56 percent, and it has been growing since. Both during slavery and as late as 1920, a teenage girl raising a child without a man present was rare among blacks.

Much of today's pathology seen among many blacks is an outgrowth of the welfare state that has made self-destructive behavior less costly for the individual. Having children without the benefit of marriage is less burdensome if the mother receives housing subsidies, welfare payments and food stamps. Plus, the social stigma associated with unwed motherhood has vanished. Female-headed households, whether black or white, are a ticket for dependency and all of its associated problems. Ignored in all discussions is the fact that the poverty rate among black married couples has been in single digits since 1994.

Black youth unemployment in some cities is over 50 percent. But high black youth unemployment is also new. In 1948, the unemployment rate for black teens was slightly less than that of their white counterparts  9.4 percent compared with 10.2.

During that same period, black youths were either just as active in the labor force or more so than white youths. Since the 1960s, both the labor force participation rate and the employment rate of black youths have fallen to what they are today. Why? Are employers more racially discriminatory today than yesteryear? Were black youths of yesteryear more skilled than whites of yesteryear? The answer to both questions is a big fat no.

The minimum wage law and other labor regulations have cut off the bottom rungs of the economic ladder. Put yourself in the place of an employer, and ask: If I must pay $7.25 an hour  plus mandated fringes, such as Social Security and workers' compensation  would it pay me to hire a worker who is so unfortunate as to possess skills that enable him to produce only $5 worth of value per hour? Most employers view that as a losing economic proposition. Thus, the minimum wage law discriminates against the employment of low-skilled workers, who are most often youths  particularly black youths.

The little bit of money a teenager can earn through after-school, weekend and summer employment is not nearly so important as the other things he gains from early work experiences. He acquires skills and develops good work habits, such as being prompt, following orders and respecting supervisors. In addition, there are the self-respect and pride that a youngster gains from being financially semi-independent. All of these gains from early work experiences are important for any teen but are even more important for black teens. If black teens are going to learn anything that will make them a more valuable employee in the future, they aren't going to learn it from their rotten schools, their dysfunctional families or their crime-ridden neighborhoods. They must learn it on the job.

The bulk of today's problems for many blacks are a result of politicians and civil rights organizations using government in the name of helping blacks when in fact they are serving the purposes of powerful interest groups.
he racist and yeah he skin is is like little kid and his ugly and a bad president
At what point does anyone care what jackass barrack o bitch arama has to say, I don't .. Trump 2016
well... he is right... Obama will pass in history as one of the worst US presidents of all time... his numbers are pathetic
angry child
Can't stump the Trump #MakeAmericaGreatAgain
TRUP IS the best..fck Obama..
greets from SERBIA
"Basic knowledge about critical issues"

Meaning, he doesn't worship the extremist god allah, like I do. That's what this deceiver, Obama, is saying. Notice that he's looking down at a script during is heartfelt speech. He's a pathetic excuse for the office of President. In a world of Pokemon Go and vaping, I can see why people like him so much.
How dare Trumph stand up for himself from the media bully's! You Hilary supporters are sheep!
These two have any amount of consciences? These hard core racists just want to label Obama as worst President in history.  They are too scare to admit that the black President has been doing his job much better than many other White Presidents.
hes a fucking racist and the top of his hair looks like the top of a corn cob
1998 Time Magazine interviewed trump. They asked him if he would run for president. He replied: If i ever decided to run for president it would be for the republicans. Theyre the dumbest group of voters in the country. They believe anything on fox News. I could lie and theyd believe and still eat it up. I bey my numbers would be terrific and I would become president. Google it. This happened!!
He lied as a business man, he lied when he was friends with clinton saying I love hillary and Hillary is beautiful woman. Now he needs you votes so he has to lie to you as well.
Lots of brainwashed people, it saddens me. Just slaves of society, who look no further than "the truth" what the mainstream tell them.
Go Trump
president for 2016
Bill Orielly, Grinding on Matt Laur...
Ineffective???? Who was it that got Asama Bin Laden. Not a Republican President that's for sure!!
"the notion that he would attack a gold star family..." is false. Just read the tweets and BTW, who started the shit?
Trump your ugly
May anybody tell me what kind of experience does this stupid presirviente had before he got into the office? and what does it make him better? about the so colled "gold family" Donald Trump has nothing to do with Mr, can son dead, Obama has, hillary too, but they must be ashamed that they are utilizing Mr. Kan to manipulate the America sentiment!
No man in history has been attacked by the media like Donald Trump
Why is it people give a pass to republicans who refused to work with this president. Actually shut down the government because they didn't want to work with him on ANYTHING. All this after the republicans almost destroyed this country under George W Bush.
Trump a bitch . Period
Now Bill O'Reilly, whom people find obnoxious, realizes he's met his nemesis to the throne of the worst.
Bill O"Reilly you are a fucking ass hole, tomatoes head you are main stream media dumbo..
Trump do have to listen to these fuxking potatoes head, they are talking mouth piece on MAIN STREAM MEDIA, FUCK ALL YOU MAIN STREAM FUCK HEADS, YOU ARE ALL  CROOKS IN ACTION.
Chan if you do not like the USA GET  THE FUCK back where you came from, go back to Pakistan you piece of shit, you go back to your country, Trump do not have to prove to you on any thing
GaryJohnson has my vote.
I've never been so excited about a candidate running! 

I even donated to his election and I've never done that before.... Next week I'm donating again!... https://www.johnsonweld.com/
DONALD TRUMP FOR PREZ!!!!!
LOL....This election is fantastic.
Trump behaves like a nasty buffoon. And look at him pouting!
Guys maybe he says things that don't make sense, but I think he will be a better President than Clinton. I think he will bring peace to the world! 

PS: Sorry Mexico. :( 

Comment your opinion or criticism, but please be kind! We are normal people here with their own opinions.
It's so clear that trumps supporters are morons. Totally. That's their stupidity being powerful. STOP POWERING STUPIDITY.
Clinton Network News! CNN
Is it just me that se trump is talking like a kindergarten child he's dumb he is mean he's bad she is dumber she is bader 



Fuck Donald trump
LOOSER ObamaI voted for himdoes not care forhis own family
Pig - Lipstick??? LOL 

Just great
OBAMA IS ALLOWING SO MANY MIDDLE EAST PEOPLE TO COME TO AMERICA AND IS PLANNING TO SNEAK IN ANOTHER 10,000. NO BACKGROUND CHECKS, NOTHING. FOLKS, ISIS IS HERE, LIVING AMONG US AND JUST WAITING TO HIT US HARD. DO WE WANT THIS HECK NO.
OBAMA WILL LEAVE A LEGACY OF BEING THE WORSE PRESIDENT IN OUR HISTORY. WHO IS HE TO SPEAK BADLY ABOUT TRUMP WHEN AS A SENATOR HE DID NOTHING. THE DEMOCRATS POLISHED HIM UP KNOWING HE WOULD BE THE FIRST AFRO-AMERICAN RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT. He was a druggie, went to that horrible church who openly said, "God Dam America, he was married in this church, his family attended this church for a very long time. So many odd things in this man;s live; but YET, HE HAS BEEN IN OFFICE FOR EIGHT YEARS...GO FIGURE.
trump sound like ignorance ,
Trump's gone so wacko, even Bill O'Reilly is taking sense. Listening to Trump makes me ashamed to be an American :(
I just found out that Khan is an immigration attorney (whose website was taken down the night of his speech at the convention).    I am 69 years old.    Let's not forget who he is: he graduated from Punjab University Law College, Pakistan????    When I was born, where was no Pakistan!!!  They have no History.   They have no History of freedom or democracy.   Kahn wants Sharia Law in America.     Islamic law is absolutely incompatible with democracy.  He is using the freedoms of the US Constitution to defeat freedom.      
There are several forms of lying to non-believers that are permitted under certain circumstances, the best known being taqiyya.   These circumstances are typically those that advance the cause of Islam - in some cases by gaining the trust of non-believers in order to draw out their vulnerability and defeat them.    The 9/11 hijackers practiced deception by going into bars and drinking alcohol, thus throwing off potential suspicion that they were fundamentalists plotting jihad.   How about if those Muslims get out of America and go to the Middle East so then they won't be offended by anything
trump is such an ignorant idiot! shame on the people who allow him to get this far! is this the best you guys had? YIKES!
lemme refocus you back!!!
i think Donald Trump say Obama is the worst president of U.S.A  because he hates black people and he's racist.
trump secret to success:

Talk about how great you are.
Talk about how notgreat everyone else is.
Elaborate on nothing.
Ogle your own daughter a bit.
Declare yourself victorious.
Make an excuse for why you'll lose.
He really thinks he was viciously attacked after everything he has done and said about every race and gender even
Damn he can not even answer any question.
Nice
the greatest liar ever known
lmao xD He gets so butt hurt so easily
Fuck HOBama and his fake ass failed presidency. Go Trump. Here's Obama's "basic knowledge of critical issues..." "If something terrible happens, lets go Golfing." If the terrorists are taking over, arm the so called "rebels" that are actually "ISIS" that Obama "created" with American weapons. His "basic knowledge of critical issues." Is to bring over likely terrorists en masse for "resettlement" even though we have approx. 1.5 million waiting to come into the country legally !

If any of you sheep want a political debate. Please respond. Most of you are leftist sheep who don't even have a rudimentary understanding of economics or GDP. All you know how to do, is listen to the media, and accept what they tell you to do, even though that same media is run by the same DC Mafia and Globalists that OWN Obama, Hillary, and all the corrupt politicians.

I'm with TRUMP. I will fight for TRUMP. Because he's against the Establishment. And if they steal the election. I will fight without TRUMP.

We will not lay down our ARMS globalists. You're gonna have to come fight us for them. And for anybody that doesn't understand the Constitution. They cannot "amend" any right unless 3/4 of congress and 3/4 of state reps. agree to it. It will never happen. You're little "executive orders" mean nothing once you're gone. Get educated you morons, or you will lose your freedom. And those of us prepared to defend ourselves certainly won't be coddling you, and the politicians don't give a shit about you.

TRUMP 16' -end rant. (Unless you'd like to debate)
He just says stuff... He doesn't answer any questions. People that vote for him are not listening to what he wants and what he's going to do. He's just 'different' and people want something different. But he will be the worst president ever. The press is dishonest. The president is the worst. Everyone is horrible. The economy is in the tank. The country went to hell the past 8 years... I did not. Just check his facts once and you'll see he's just a crazy screaming todler.
Sorry but Trump is right in this case. Trump was badly attacked by the parents of the dead soldier and Obama confirmed that bad attack. This is a  very crude campaign  because they  USE the DEATH  of a soldier/veteran just  to throw dirt against Trump. Trump is NOT guilty of the soldier's death at all  and he did not insult the soldier. But the media and Obama made it look like Trump has no respect for dead  soldiers. This is really an unfair campaign  to use a dead man against Trump, and it was the parents of the soldier who started the attack , supported by  Obama, H. Clinton etc.
Hillary supporters are full of liars. Trump supporters are just full of big mouths. They are both bad but Hillary is worse... Trust me.
Poseur
LOL poor America, either you gotta vote for this retard, which is a total "No Go".........and the only other choice is Hillary, a conservative, coldhearted, calculated women..........but at least not as stupid and embarassing like this baboon.
This guy is even worse than Bush and that's tough to beat :D
Greetings from fucking Europe LOL
He was "Viciously attacked".
Fox News =kkk talking points
trump needs to think before he talks i hope he listens and learns he needs to win
Trump is an idiot, and can appeal to idiots. That is a fact. Talking about Obama as being the worst President. This guy is Sarah Palin wearing pants. Dumb as a fence post!
this is hilarious because in the interveiw i watched before this he didnt think that crimea was taken over
Whaaaa..what a baby!! He can't stand for anything negative to be said about him. Notice how he attacks everyone and everything that says truth about him like the bully that he is. He's such a narcissistic liar! He HAS to respond to reestablish his delusional grandiose thoughts of himself and his "achievements".He was "viciously" attacked?? A grieving father asking if he has read the constitution is a "vicious" attack?? He's to be trusted with the nuclear codes when he thinks a simple comment is a vicious attack??   Hang it up Trump! It's over! Of course he will say it was "rigged" or someone "cheated" like the true sore loser that he is! I can't wait to hear his concession speech. He will blame blame blame and not accept any fault for his heinous actions, lying and saying he wanted his donation to the veterans to be private,yet later brags about donating 6 million dollars which is proven to be UNTRUE,attacking a gold star mom, mocking a disabled reporter,the NRA comment, Isis was founded by Obama which he said over and over again,,then says it was "sarcasm" to just name a few. He CAN'T admit that he f'd up by saying what he did to that Gold Star mom. See how he dances around it and blames the media and says what he often does that "many people were talking about about this and that." Many many people were NOT saying "go after the gold star mom. ANOTHER LIE!  We are smarter than that. Many people did not say anything bad about that Gold Star mom which he wants to claim..even if that was true, does that make it right? Isn't he smart enough to know that attacking her would back fire.  . HE alone caused himself to loose this election! He's even caused military experts and high level republicans to move their votes to Hillary. Good Job Trump! The republicans should be very proud!!
He is so stupid
And you know who dodged the draft by hiding out in England was Bill Clinton.He said ive had a change of heart and have decided to be a conscientious  objector and attend oxford.
I think he has a valid pt. Muslim women have a subordinate role.Just asked why didn't she say anything? Was she not allowed?Good question I think. Has it been answered?
Obama is such a sore loser.  He has been a rudderless and aimless President, who spent most of his time on the golf course.  AWOL Obama.
Obama Hillary Trump if they were one person. Any feelings towards that combination?
Why some dumb ass people still wanna vote trump. Trump is a dumb ass piece of shit
Does this guy know how to answer any question without going in circles?
Trump is SO FUCKING FUNNY. He needs to be president, just pure entertainment.
Trumps way to defend against criticism about his knowledge of international relations: blame Obama. Wow. Just wow.
FUCK Donald trump
Trump talking about how he believes Obama is the worst president ever and how he believes Hillary could be even worse doesn't answer how he thinks he's ready to be president
..........
What a fool!
Trump trump trump
Even Bill Oreilly was looking at this asshole like "Dude, really? Shut the fuck up"... Oh I love to see Trump implode. He probably sucks his own dick, that's how arrogant he is.
"Obama is weak"
Seconds later ...
"Obama has very powerful leadership"
can't believe we live in  a world like this  every country in the world will have people like trump however we as human beings should not get attached to him.
we all know he is as racist if you think America will survive with him being in charged. oh boi!.
it's a shame because the people above are entertaining him.
Obama was cool, sad hes leaving presidency...
Trump is the thin-skinned little 8 year old on the playground - what a little dooshbag, LOL
I hate Hillary as much as the next guy but Trump should stop with the whole "I was viciously attacked" thing cause it not like he's been the peacekeeper in a debate. I bet he couldnt think of one thing that isnt dishonest in anyway on this godforsaken planet.
he dosnt say anything ....that makes freaking sense ...
go trump
trump is literally the stupidest politician i have ever seen. or he just acts that way, which puts his (potentional) voters in a even worse spot. like what the heck is going on with people voting for somebody like trump?
trump cant talk criticism thats such a bad thing, his response was too attack obama instead of defend himself, now imagine him in office  and he gets offend by another country how will he react. start a war possible open your eyes this is more then money. this is our childrens lives we are talking about with the way he talk theres no way in hell any sane person would think this man could run a country he has a hard time running his bank account.
It looks uncomfortable just being Trump.
 DAMN
lol wth. is he saying lmao.   he is so damn stupid. lmao...
He is child, who obviously wants to use America as a toy, and Obama is being an adult and trying to solve the problem. I can't believe how stupid his speech is, because he speaks out like a child and doesn't ever listen to other people's criticism, when Obama is actually telling him to become better and leave his childhood.
Behold the "Ugly American"  .. this is exactly the persona that the world HATES.
Funny how the media focuses on this and doesn't focus on Killary's comments on the parents of Benghazi victims! 
https://www.rt.com/usa/355216-benghazi-hillary-clinton-sued/
obama sucks , hillary blows bill licks balls.
mk donald trump stop ur tripping -.-
Trump u should shut your little mouth. if u were nice i would be like yeah we should vot for him like trump is bullshit
lmao who do you choose hilary or trump lol americans how do it get to this??
Thank you Obama for 6.5 billion dollars in debt, minimal gdp growth, and funding Isis
Trump is the only truthful candidate, that is reason he is isolated by corrupt politicians and media
He has absolutly no reasonable arguments and acts like a school boy. Insane voting him for presidant.
I can't stand how he repeats himself three or four more times. It's like his opening statement is all that he has to offer for discussion.
who cares what Obama thinks, if you think the government is corrupt vote for Donald trump
fuck u trump
Seriously, our dog would win an argument with Trump...
trump is a racist piece of shit fuck dis dude for real
well... trump is a liar.
Donald J Trump Mike Pence2016!! Make America Great Again
pals oh my gosh round really please  this work heertily  maintain  :-))
Please check out my Go Fund Me page,  " Help send Sean home"  <3
Everything Trump says is gold, please keep it up Don, it cheers us Brits up at a time our country is in such dire straits (not the band) you really make me (us) feel better to see just how bad things could be.
trump look like chimpmunk
Obama if you have so much to say you smart ass how about putting you're proverbial money where your mouth is and debate Trump, or are you afraid of an alpha male verbally bitch slapping you?
Bill is lame and Trump is a sucker
Trump is hilariously petulant. His only response to interrogation or scrutiny is to immediately try to denigrate the person calling him out. And he just launches into unfounded and exaggerated claims but he sprays so many that interviewers can't pin him down on one claim before he's slapped another on top of it and he just keeps going and going.  Obama's the worst ever president, the newspaper that criticised Trump isn't worth listening to and will probably go out of business anyway (so he doesn't need to bother answering the subject of the criticism), the Muslim Gold Star family "attacked" him "VICIOUSLY"(repeated every time the subject is raised). A dangerously volatile character to have in charge of a country.
Trump can suck my dick. Fox can suck my dick. America if they vote for this extra cut of foreskin can suck my dick. Bunch of fkn retards
on the left i hear discussion, on the right i hear criticism
Trump is just a fucking clown, not a politician, he has no experience. Trump is just an russian marionette. Putin fucks your country and the most important, you all the americans don't understand. You'll have with Trump a Union Soviet of America. You gonna be slaves of Putin.
Trump a mother fucker, a fucking bitch, if he become president, prepare yourself to be slaves of the Russian federation. Putin will fuck your asses.
Fuck this ignorant blowhard.
"The newyork Times will only be around 2-3 more years" -Trump 2016
Heyyyy dats meeeeee!!!!!
My son who freely joined the military. Who died fighting in a war waged by Obama and Hilary Clinton. I blame trump.
this just goes to show how racist trump and his supporters are...


he attacks the fucking president, who is also black, and GAINS SUPPORT.



actually wtf.
doesn't anyone realize how much trump will fuck us?
That was tremendous lol
But why doesnt Trump want to release his tax returns? Could it be because he donated a sizable amount of money to NAMBLA and he wants to cover it up? Im not saying Trump donated money to NAMBLA, but people are saying that. Its something Ive heard, but I dont believe Donald Trump donated several million dollars to NAMBLA over the last several years. Still, if he did that would be a great reason to not release his tax returns. But look, Im not here to say whether or not Donald Trump donated millions to NAMBLA, Im just here to let you know that every candidate has released his tax returns over the last 40 years, so there has to be a reason he doesnt, and several very smart people are saying he contributed millions of dollars to NAMBLA.
he make me sick
Wait! Hold on! He's just kidding!!!!
Trump is embarrassed over Crimea and not knowing Russia had already invaded the Ukraine!??! Now, that is all he can talk about because he knows how stupid he looked in that interview. He tried to make it look like he "knew all along" I call BS!! How can he be viciously attacked? He started the whole thing! He still hasn't gotten over Obama making fun of him in 2011. Paranoia makes you think EVERYONE is out to get you, Donald.
At least this time he says I did "well" instead of "good" or "bigly".
That guy keeps insulting everyone in his way
you're a joke Fox!
Republicans don't understand 'facts' Their minds can't conceive that a black President has done so well in the Country. Its deeply entrenched racism, they will of course deniy it but it is purely because they hate a black man being in charge. *yrs ago that idiot Mitch McConnell vowed that the Congress would 'oppose this President' in every way and they cock-blocked so much great policy propositions. They are not patriots, they don't care about the country, they care about themselves and their hip pocket. When faced with facts, a rational person would concede that they are correct and give credit where credit was due. Like the last 60 months of economic growth USA has sustained, the lowest unemployment rate in 15 yrs...
Donald can you let him speak please..... lol
viciously attacked?? You don't know what is to be viciously attack yet.
Trumps blurt was 100x better than Obama's teleprompter!
O'REILLEY is Ted Baxter!
so I every one who sais something bad about you suddenly failing or "very dishonest"
Obama can't speak fluidly like he's worried about getting in trouble.  at least Trump speaks like it is! :)  I agree with Trump.
This guy talks about the President being the worst in history when Trump is the worst Presidential Candidate in history smh
terrorists cutting people people heads in mid East just because Obama created them destabilize the whole world and now he have the balls to talk about morals ain't that MF bitch can't stand us government
===>CUT OUT ALL THE BS! Listen: Search for keyword "immigrant rape statistics in sweden" and you will see who is the right presidential candidate you MUST vote for!
O'reilly is way way smarter and prepared to be a president , why would they pick this dumb animal to lead them ?? !!! are they blind ??!! are they deaf . ??!!! do they have minds ??!!! not brains but minds  !
hahahahahah dumb
Holy shit, 
When Bill O'Reilly makes more sense than the presidential candidate.

He's too much even for Fox.
Obama can eat a fucking dick
booooooooo!!
Every person who disagrees with Trump according to a trump supporter is either a liberal, or a recent immigrant from a minority, or a RINO. I ask you when was America great? And when was there the "real America". WHAT EVEN IS THAT. All the time I see Trump people who say "I liked it better the way it was or the country is changing and I dont like it.". HOW THE FUCK IS TRUMP SUPPOSED TO CHANGE THAT.
when Trump becomes President and has to shake Obamas hand. I hope he tells Obama "your fired".
Can anyone drop a single fact that disbands Obama's criticism to Trump? Can anyone drop a single fact to support Trump? By fact I mean stuff like: most crimes in the US are proportionally and globally committed by White Americans (oh wait, can't use that). That American unemployment is at its lowest (oh wait, can't use that). That terrorism started to rise heavily since the Bush administration and not Obama's (oh wait, can't use that), or, simply, the fact that Trump has no argumented answer to any constructive criticism he gets and just starts to throw random words racist, close-minded, uninformed people want to hear.
Ugh. This guy is a head case. Needs to be taken out.
It begins....."He is the worst president in the history of presidents...." lmfao
I'm scared
 Trump   President Trump 2016,,, obama was never prepare either
Well... Fuck Donald trump
God help and safe America from this monster . Hopefully you will not allow a terrible mistake heppen and do not choose him . Please don't,  before it is not too late
This draft dodger wants to be my commander and chief haha what a joke.
my nut snack is prettier than his face
And people want this moron to be President of the United States? LOL, I know of high school graduates who speak more eloquently than him.
love all the bulls hit in comments
"I speak very well" - Donald Trump, 2016
Donald Trump deserve the title of Abu Lahab
God .. like his life was rich and hates Islam
Abu lahab and ultimately died of the plague and was buried in his home was destroyed by it. The spread of Islam places did not expect Abu flame (the indispensable money and Maksp) subhan allah
hy   go    obama
what books do you read ?   twitter is not a book jackass  because  everybody know's that's all you read 99% of the time and your casino in jersery has already failed  since it will be closed down oct. 10th 2016  jackass !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Well that was pretty blunt. Gotta give it to the guy.
Obama is better than trump
All I can see are Donald Trump's viciousness, malicious nature and self glorification in his criticism.
The o'reilly factor, my favorite comedy channel
So Trump expects everyone to bow down to him and it only matters when he get's "Viciously attacked." This person is crazy!
trump like to make up shit !
okay so it is fine when he attacks Hillary and the Democratic party during the RNC, but it isn't ok when he is attacked? WTF is wrong with this guy. why would anyone support Donald "Jackass" Trump. the only thing that this fuck did that was smart is that he didn't pick Christie as his VP
Shiv tundra astak
Trump looks like an orange snapping turtle & his eye lids are so gross from all that "tanning"
How the f can you take Trump serious?  This guy talks like 5 year old!
American politicians seldom tell the truth but an analysis of POLITIFACT WEBSITE informs us about DONALD "TRUTH":
they found that only 4% of Trumps claims and charges were actually true; 15% were half false; and equal number were mostly false; 36% were false; 19 % fell into ultimate "Pants on fire" category. His speeches are merely boring ex-aggregation............the innocent American people are going to elect a man who is "bundle of lie"..............in addition to, he has a bitch named Melania................
Americanism, not globalism is our credo "that to me says it all". Stop policing the world and putting outside influence first you're making the world a very hateful place. Where people want to kill you because politicians take backhanders on your behalf, and start wars on your behalf, and get you blown up on your behalf. WAKE UP PEOPLE VOTE OUTSIDE THE NORM AND TAKE A RISK BECAUSE IT CAN'T GET ANY WORST - WE ARE ALREADY STARTING A WAR WITH RUSSIA BECAUSE OF GLOBALISM.
Oh sweet Jesus, Trump is an absolute moron. The Russian invasion of Crimea has far reaching consequences for the region and is far more complex than Trump could ever understand. As an outsider looking in to the Presidential elections, you guys have no idea what it is really like to have a bad president. Obama is clear, coherent, highly intelligent and at times very charming. Hillary is also a very intelligent lady who I would back to deal with any crisis before Trump. The Don is completely incapable of talking about anything other than himself, or how wonderful he is. He is a dodgy con-man who can only react to criticism by hurling insults.
FACT is, that illegal aliens can: get a drivers license, get a social security card, get SSI benefits, get numerous economic programs, register to vote. Don't believe me? Do the research stupid fucks. This doesn't include emergency rooms, food banks, maternity care, education and on and on. Hillary said she won't build a wall, she will build an economy that will support all aliens who want to come here. How will she do that? Ask Obama how it's done? She said there will be free college. A cost of a trillion dollars? The US budget is three trillion dollars stupid fucks, get it? Corporations only pay one third of the taxes collected. The corporations that Hillary whores herself out to. Don't believe me do the research stupid fucks. Why do you think they give her all that money? I have a boss just like Trump. He runs his mouth, he's egotistical, he's course, but he runs a great business, pays me good wages, benefits and cares about his country. He treats me like a man. Hillary treats her supporters like children.
Go Trump  you are the best to USA.
Brazilians for Trump !!!
man fucc donald trump fucc whoever who think this dickhead/cockhead should be president and if your vote for him ur voting for the decline of American society and our deaths this fucchead doesnt care about anything, anyone or anybody he only care about one thing, his .
Mark my words- This man is the Anti-Christ.
Omg you poor people. I could not imagine having to make a decision between these two awful candidates.
OUR PRESIDENT DONALD TRUMP, WHO ARE IN AMERICA,
HALLOWED BE THY NAME,THY KINGDOM COME THY WILL BE DONE,
ON EARTH AS IT IN AMERICA GIVE US THIS DAY , BRAVERY AND STRENGTH
AND DO NOT FORGIVE US FOR OUR HUMILITY AGAINST CRUAL
AS WE FORGIVE THOSE WHO KILLED US,AND LEAD US INTO BRUTAL REVENGE,
BUT DELIVER US FROM FORGIVENESS,

FOR THINE IS THE AMERICA AND THE POWER
AND THE GLORY FOR EIGHT YEARS TO COME AND EVER
AND EVER.AMEN
Appears Oh-Really isfancying himself some sort of political coach or something to mr. Trump. What, is hetrying to show of, what is he doing? He'll either take it up his ass or he'll get squashed - same as everybody else.
History will never show that Obama is the worse President in History. Fox News is a Horrible News Source
History will never show that Obama is the worse President in History. Fox News is a Horrible News Source
Trump just keep hurling insults & makes no informative statements, just count the insults XD
FUCKING TRUMP DONT VOTE FOR THIS BITCH
FUCK DONALD TRUPM FUCKING RACIST
Think about it... Trump wants to be President. He wants the media not to disagree with him. He sues people for publicly speaking against him. He has prejudices against people with different religion and skin colour. He generalizes. He clearly is a narcissist... well, I'm from Germany. Reminds me of somebody. And let me tell you this. It didn't go very well. Biggest tragedy of the 20th century and a strong reminder to embrace humanity instead of intolerance
trump is to trigger happy for war
The Kahn's son might have been a hero but Mr Kahn himself is nothing more than an opportunist. The man is a lawyer for muslim immigration into the United States. He was just grand standing at the DNC to gain more business. Since that's happened his website discussing how he specializes in immigration for foreign muslims has since been taken down and his ties to the Muslim Brotherhood known. He's also been a supporter of sharia law yet waves the constitution around like it means something to him. Khan wrote Juristic Classification Of Islamic Law in the Houston Journal of International Law in 1983. In it he breaks down different levels of Islamic law. Khan writes that the Quran and the Sunnah which were both directly created by the Muslim prophet Muhammad were the only sources in Muhammads lifetime that were recognized as binding. But yeah I know, facts are racist.
Trump used to speak more intelligently but then he met Vince Macmahon and every since he's been talking pure trash! Lol
Trump has the temperament of a applied brat, not a grown man! NOT Presidential material! He said he knows more about foreign policy than our President of the United States!!! REALLY!?!? LMFO@Trump!
FUCK DONALD TRUMP! Dieser HURENSOHN MAN!
It'd be cool if Michelle Obama ran for president
1:08 are u kidding me!?!? In Effective? He ended the war in Iraq
This is stupid demogogue speech Trump, nothing meaningful, just hete mongering. He is just calling names and I hate that.
Trump should have td him to fux off.
 he talks like a 7 year old... pooohooo everyone is soo mean there picking on meee
It makes me sick to think that because Donald Trump has powerful companies and business approaches that he can represent the whole of the new American generation and cooperate peacefully with neighboring countries. All that Obama has done, all that Obama is, has been to help in any way he can. There is so so much disagreement with his actions because it doesn't fill the needs of everyone, or of his skin color, or because uneducated people make an assumption from listening through the grape vine. He is not someone looking to take power for THE power. He  wants to help. And make peace. This is not what I see through Donald Trump. He's not even educated enough to recognize Obama's insult and begin maturely defending himself. If the kind of people who see this man as great are going to choose him over someone who, although I cannot clearly argue Clinton's  supremacy, are seemingly more structured and comfortable in the white house and it's grandeur of decisions, then I have lost hope of the idea that America could finally be the country to move forward in advancements for all aspects of our dear human lives.
Cry cry cry
trump isracist
Trump you're pathetic
I love Trump ! He is the next President.
Obama is such a piece of shit.  He has deceived every day and in every way all the way from his acceptance speech until his lame duck presidency.
get rekt obama
Everything that comes out of this idiot's mouth is either a complete lie or just simply untrue!
Trump is against the interests of the people who own Fox News and CNN, thats why Fox News and CNN propagandize every single day against Trump. Use your head stupid Americans , dont live in an illusion
Trump just looks like a grumpy bitch the entire time lol fucking UNPROFESSIONAL. Fuck you u selfish bastard
dishonest and loosing money was said on two different occasions.
God bless trump, he speaks the honest truth
Trump never should have responded at all it was just bait and he took it.  I'm a TRUMP supporter but he needs to just focus on crooked Hillary not some shill  muslim brought in by the dem's.
vote for Trump
I'm in a Gold Star family. Fuck you Obama. The VA under your administration has started fucking Gold Star families out of treatments and healthcare. Fuck you Obama
I'm not American and I don't live in USA, but this man doesn't represent what I know about this country!
trump speaks the truth I don't understand why people think he is racist all his wife's have been foreign so he isn't racist he'll be good president Hilary Clinton is completely corrupt and if trump wins the election I think Clinton will have him assassinated. she is a fucking idiot just like bill. the only thing I disagree with was him saying banning Muslims was the awnswer. that is one awnswer but not the one that will have the proper outcome.but do hope the next few years brings President Donald Trump and Prime Minister Jeremy Corbyn
I started cracking up at 0:56 lol
Brandon wtf  are you looking for in leadership? we're not going to be satisfied with any candidate's policies. they're all liars.So are you with her? if so you are sick. get help. she is morally bankrupt.
omg really this guy is gonna be the president
Donald Drumpf...his real family name by the way, is a looney....a nut job....a racist....a sexist....pro-russian....anti-american goof ball.  Oh, and let's not forget, his anti China stand is a LIE....almost all of his companies deal exclusively with Chinese suppliers.  Drumpf says everyone but himself is a liar, is dishonest...but obviously his mirror is cracked because he is the single biggest liar on the  planet, excluding Putin.  God help the USA if this nut-bar wins.
Trump is too dumb to be a president
Good for u trump just hope people will start opening there eyes and see what america might become if they go with hilary .
yeAh he never answered the question. But that's what he does. trump supporters love it.
A psychiatrist wouldn't help either of these two ass clowns.
Fox just can't get a Republican President elected. It's time for Fox to really think about replacing old farts like Hannity and O'Reilly.
The worste President ever is Trumps reaction and a correct statment about Obama .
Trump is an idiot.. No facts just bullshit and morons follow bullshit
Hillary is working for George Soros/shadow govt/ not for people
Wouldnt it be nice to get along with Russia? But Crimea was taken over (by the Russians) during Obamas "regime". A sliiiiight contradiction in his view on how to deal with Russia?!
This is a used car salesman! So good at avoiding the question and  saying other crazy things to throw you off the topic! Trump is a snake, wake up people!!
You can tell the reporter is getting more and more annoying when trump cuts in
Typical racist rant. And bill says let me refocus you back to what was said. Trump is a fucking idiot!
omg he is the worst person on this planet he needs a history lesson and every single word comes out of his mouth is a lie
It's not Hillery or Trump that is the problem, it's all the American people who puts crazy politicians like this in to power in the first place.
obama & the democrats aint shit but pigs coz they support gays and lesbos.D.Trump 4 president iz certain.
Donald the mother ORANGE and his ORANGE army come at me I want some juice
Hey!..if you look closely on your screen you will see that these 2  muthafuckas form to make a word......ass and hole.
They're too smart. They think they're playing with us. It's all just pure entretainment.
Racist much
Trump has a mental illness, and I pity him.
anyone criticising Donald Trump and not reading the leaked DNC papers and Clinton Emails that were deleted aren't being very logical.  Some of the things said in them are appalling, yet it was hardly investigated by major news outlets and the FBI was made to back off by Obama's people.  Come on folks, it's not a vote for Trump, it's a message to a corrupt government.
REPUBLICAN LOGO NOW HAS 3 SATANIC STARS, THEY WEREN'T THAT WAY BEFORE (upside down)
In private, Mr. Trumps mood is often sullen and erratic, his associates say. He veers from barking at members of his staff to grumbling about how he was better off following his own instincts during the primaries and suggesting he should not have heeded their calls for change.
7 YEARS OF BULLSHIT,  BULLSHIT,  BULLSHIT.
the kahn father is muslim brotherhood, and his son didn't even take him as father.  how can obama endorse someone like the father?!
Mr. Obama Mr. Trump makes more sense than you!
What a fuck-tard.
I don't trust Donald or Hilary period both of them are dishonest. Jon Stewart for president now thats what I want to see. I am a black man Trump has made it loud and clear what kinds of people he likes. If he had it his way slavery would be reinstated and the Hispanics would be not allowed in the U.S. period. Trump reminds me of Richard Nixon and he was as bigot as they come.
Trump- living proof you dont have to be poor to be white trash
he looks like, he is going to hit someone.
if you hear someone saying running for president and is stating "i speak very well" and is ALWAYS arguing about arguing... we have our first ever kid presidential nominee l0l fucken hell
My son was in college during the Gulf War. I heard that the draft was going to be reinstated. I called the University of Monterrey and had them send me application forms. I would never have allowed my son to be killed in that useless war. These parents should have done the same thing. How many if us want to sacrifice our children? I hope not many.
whats wrong with Trump's face??
It's true Trump gets attack, he defends himself. Now he's the bad guy......
AND SOMETHING EVEN WORST WILL COME AND IT'S THAT FATASS
Obama is a joke.  Trump is so right about Crimea.  It was taken while Obama was president.
Trump blinks too frequently
Donald is OK. He want better America for real.
Anyone who thinks Obama was a good president is a joke... What positives came from him??
And Trump keeps on interrupting Bill. Wow. 
Trump is an old man. What can he do with his dislocations and his sore bones?
Are you interested in earning over 100 dollars per day working from home? Learn how here: HootCash. com
is of important measure Obama to being  attentive to things that really needs more awareness, the surmisess by thrump are just mere. flattering and trifle wich needs close examination.
666 thousand views 
Ok I'm done. Fuck. This. Guy.
Trump is the only candidate who can save our country from this "one world order."  They will take our guns and then we can't protect ourselves from the government takeover just like happened in Europe.  Wake up people.  It's hard to believe,but that's just what is happening.  Them Dems are trying to make us a socialist country..  Don't let them take our guns .  That is how it will all start. Thanks for reading my comment.
Trump doesn't need to attack the President, he only has to call the guy by the name he cleverly hid from the public, that is 'Hussein' Obama, sounds 100% Islamic!
When did he mention Ukraine in this video...?
After watching this election so far I wonder if Trumps not sabotaging his own campaign . Hey he's not stupid and his own people must be telling him to dial it down but yet he rolls on speaking without thinking off the cuff . I am a Trump supporter and I'm asking what's going on ? Is he trying to lose votes on purpose ? Why continue this behavior if it's slowly turning people away . It's not necessary but yet continues , it's making me wonder if it's not being done on purpose . Does he really want to be President ? The reality that he may win maybe scaring him to death .
amen hill for prison the o sold us out crooks
I think the Russians will take over Alaska during Trump time 
I hate donald trump!!!!!!
He cant even form a sentence....
Americans, vote and do so wisely! That's the least you can do for America and the World.
No Grandpa Lunatic, it's NOT about Obama or ANYONE for that fact NO GETTING SARCASM, it's about everyday individuals with average intelligence and maturity NOT GETTING YOU!! That' what THAT is about. AND, no only this, you ONCE AGAIN PROVED YOU'RE A LIAR AND DECEIVER. WHY??? 

EASY!!....not less than 60 seconds AFTER you made the IGNORANT HIGHLY IRRESPONSIBLE ADOLESCENT ISIS REMARK ABOUT OBAMA (and Clinton), you turn right around and fist said: "I was only kidding but NOT really."  This of course is symptomatic of your complex psychiatric Narcissistic Personality Disorder's core element which is CONTINUOUS SELF-CONTRADICTION!!!!

IN FACT YOU GRANDPA ARE YOURSELF A CONTRADICTION. Do you know who else is a CONTRADICTION?? 

.....SATAN THAT'S WHO, AND YOU'RE JUST LIKE THE DOOMED JOKER.

Now go pack up your bags, including ALL your GOOFY WIGS, and go home, everybody is sick and tired of your IDIOT HIGH SCHOOL RANTS, and besides no one wants a CLOWN in the Oval Office. Yea, a CLOWN. YOU LOOK JUST LIKE A CLOWN WITH YOUR RED FACE AND GOOFY ORANGE WIG.
dat face. love it keep it up trump we are almost done
Donald trump u suck cock
Trump 4 life!!!
Americans, please, elect him. Let's see what happens ;)
Because Many, many people say it, it must be true!
yeah, great leader..not
Shows you what he knows..lmao nothing he said was correct!
Vladimir Putin admires and respects Obama.
Obama is respected and loved all around the world. 
Trump is so out of touch with reality he doesn't even know!
Obuma has some nerve talking shit, he needs a wake up call for the past 8 years.
Okay sports fans who is more thin skinned; barry soetoro  or donald trump.
Donald Trump sounds more presidential than Obama,or Clinton
Ahhh Trumpy was "Viciously attacked" by a nasty newspaper. Twat!
Oh shut the fuck up
fox news is just crap.....this guy did nothing but suck Drump's cock
if your a trailer trash unemployed moucher Vote for Clinton!  If your a pissed off racist with a gun and think a crooked orange man with small hands is more qualified vote for Trump!  Nothing need be said further.... solve!  your all sheep.
how do you make America great again?  Did we stop being great cause I did not notice any lack of greatness..  What kinda greatness does Donald trump desire... like the greatness we had in 1981-1982.  Or we shooting for something bigger like make America fucking uniquely radical and insanely scarey ...like let's use nukes great....  Donald just stop talking or drop out ..... Clinton has this election bagged either way!
man i was waiting if one of them would jump from one screen to the other so they could make out while victimizing themselves
all night long
trump can't stay on point. hes the worst. hes terrible. he just can't do anything but attack. there is no reseve no discipline  .. trump  just is a narcissist... everything is very very  bad or very very dishonest or terrible. he just tries to address to the ill informed...
Obama was so chilled.while trump started basically trying his best to talk back but  he look like he really tried when he was failing no offence but he needs to step game up in way.
Donald Trump president Obama and Hillary Clinton for prison
Trump describes Obama as stupid and incompetent.  Based on Obama's behavior that would be true if he were a Christian who believed in the constitution and wanted what's best for America.  But if he were a Muslim insurgent determined to destroy American then his behavior could be described as cunning and ruthless.  So the question is: is Obama stupid and incompetent or cunning and ruthless?
if you base your personal views off of youtube video likes and dislikes, you need to reprioritize your values.
This is President election of the most powerful country of the world and looks like President election of a college who have no policies in store to attract voters as college students so simply do negative criticism less than abusive in nature. Here labelling the Present President who is not to go for reelection is not in good taste rather regrettable to call pat eight years of the President as worst etc.
I hate him
wut he's stupid he's the bad one the person who is like a fool
2 wrongs do not make a right. This is Kindergarten stuff Get a grip Drumft
guys trump will start world war 3 we all have to be prepared if he becomes a president
Trump/Pence 2016!!
Are there ACTUALLY people who have the nerve to say obama was good? Unbelievable obama could eat baby's live on air or sacrifice virgins for the world to see and even proclaim a love for ISIS and half baked liberals would say "best president ever" It's simply mind boggling that people support a man who has LITERALLY done nothing for this country other than add ten trillion dollars to our dept. Or endorse a confirmed killer but hey he's black so he's great! right? WRONG! Obama is one of if not the WORST president the US has ever seen is amazing how little yet how much he did for the US such as raising our debt help ignite a race war play golf create a failing healthcare "But what about his achievements?" Oh you mean like "killing" Osama Bin Laden? Well it's more likely he DID NOT kill Osama and Osama died in a cave somewhere. "But woman now get paid equally!" They've been getting equal pay for YEARS He's addressing an issue that's already been fixed. If I get half baked liberals to reply to this comment with more verbal diarrhea than I'm going to go on an angry rant!
stfu donald china you will never be a president and how dare you called Obama weak and the worst president your worst than worst you stupid ****
why do people hate trump ? hes doing what needs to be done and everyones to scared to say what he does..
trump stands with the american people! obama stands with his fellow islamic people
2:40 "Let me refocus you back". ahha
I'm not going to even type his name. it's all witchcraft. he is an Idiot. he talks about everyone, everything being dishonest. wake up people, he is being dishonest to everyone.
Here's how I'm Supporting Hillary Clinton ::: " well, i'm to the point where I now am going to Make things up too::: Everyone following Donald Crap Trump is A MEMBER OF ISIS!! YES... i know sooo!!! Yep.. of course... i can make stuff up too.. just the that crazy man ...who would follow that crazy man, except someone from ISIS... that's how they'll Change this Country!!! You Bet Cha!!!! "
Trump for president he's the best
Trump is an idiot...
That 2 second delay.... "are you talking or me?" xD
OBAMA also makes shit up as he's talking.  OBAMA is full of shit.

im impress how a person can talk so much bullshit. he is the dumbest, must idiot person i have ever seeing in my life.
Trump2016!
Yes! I will be voting for Trump.
How old is this guy and he has the maturity of a child, thats narcissism, they never grow up.
GO TRUMP, YOU ARE OUR NEXT PROPHET IN ISLAM ALLAHU AKBAR!
trump is not the best he sucks . Obama is so awesome he keep everyone safe. u guys don't hear right what trump just say he wants a war like what the fuck .
Fuck Trumpf
There're this Africa saying if God do not crown you as a King and you try to put the crown on by yourself no body will serve you, Trump you will never be crown a King .
And this is the media outlet that is supposedly "biased" toword Trump.  This is an example that shows that even FOX news is dumbfounded by this man's behavior.
Trump 2016 Lets make America fucked for the first time!
at all americans
please dont vote for Trump the whole world is going to thank you
one of the few times dipshit o'reilly doesnt interrupt his guest
"I am on the cover of New- york times 2 or 3 times a day..... terrible, terrible people worst people". What the hell is he talking about lol TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT 2016.
Haha Trump jumps on Obama about the Ukraine and it being attacked but just over a week ago during an interview he had NO CLUE Russia had attacked the Ukraine shortly after the Winter Olympics and were occupying it!?
He is an absolute moron, regardless of running for president or not as he cannot think clearly nor speak with intelligence under any sort of pressure other that resorting to the ever popular "I am a smart guy, I know stuff". 
It is like watching a bad B Grade comedy only to find out it is real. 
How sad....Gatorade, it's what plants crave!
why are you people so dumb if trump is building a wall and he's paying for it to keep the ILLEGALs out why wouldn't you support him?
Foxenstein media says it's true... it has to be true! Don't ask questions, you racist bigot!
He was "viciously attacked". Shit is he okay? Did he manage to get to the hospital on time?

If this guy wins, r.i.p. America.
The "well-versed" and "well-prepared" Hillary got our people killed in Benghazi and created the Syrian refugee crisis.

Equally smart-and-savvy Obama backed thug Trayvon Martin, bashed a white cop for doing his job in Cambridge, MA, and lauded "clock-boy" for creating a hoax-bomb from an old Micronta radio.

Behold the best-and-brightest Democrats: elected by fact-phobic feminists and BlackLiarsMooch!
Trumps is going to ruin america. Trumpet needs to just stay in his capitalist corner and forget about the presidential seat.
Lmfao@Obama is a great speaker. Yeah give him a teleprompter, he is perfect take it away. Uhm uhm uhhh line? Line? GTFOH
I sympathize with Trump,  the Muslim parents was democrat set up against Trump
If you actually support Trump you should kill yourself
death to CNN
What is a goold star family?
God his "serious face" cracks me up haha. Look at me I'm Donald Trump and i'm super duper serious. On a side not listening to Obama speak makes me want to fall asleep. That jackass can't speak unless he is being told what to say.
Donald Trumps way of arguing is the wayI argued when I was 8 years old:

Teacher: "You made that mistake."
Me: "Well, fuck you, you are probably the worst teacher this class ever had. Now go back to founding ISIS so I can take out your disgraceful family. Tremedous, tremendous."

Thats about the way his arguments work. Facts dont matter. Throwing shit does. And that guy actually gets votes...
I am on speaking from experience...my momma is only here because she scared aware home inserters (with her semi automatic 243 pump). As soon as they heard the pump...the perpetrators left the premises. And yes ...that Gus is define as a semi automatic...which is my dads hunting gum. I am just blessed for the second amendment and I am double blessed that my mom will see her grandchild be born from my wife.
blasted
Trump!!,,,,,you were doing so well until you opened your mouth,,,I'm a supporter BUT the things you say have now ruined your chances of getting in the White House!,,,,stick a fork in him,
He's DONE
lol he said let me refocus u back cause this mofo trump all over the place
hahahahaha Trump is an arrogant idiot the main point is hes not smart enough to be President if all u can do is throw out insults address the main issues stop bickering TRUMP ! you are a total moron!
he just didn't answer the questions he was supposed to and started talking bullshit all over again. can't wait for Nov.
Trump is sinking by his own "BIG MOUTH" shooting to Himself..!
i burst out lol when trump began his responce
Is that a new comedy series? Love this new show!
Hillary a clear lyer is going to give the public what they want? right. how is she even in there?
"Fox News"
Trump 2016 He will nuke all countries except USA and Make America Great Again.
Hillary is just part of organized corruption!
VOTE TRUMP and you will see GOOD change.
Trump's crybaby pouty face in the thumbnail already says it all.
i like trump :)
Obama is a great president. I don't know what the hell is going on with trump
Obama is not the WORST PRESIDENT he made Obama care and helped people who needed a job . One more thing trump  take off that wig you bald mother fucker
Obama is a great speaker and then when Trump spoke they were just straight up insults.
Obama, hiding behind the 'gold star family'. Yeah, what about Europe? Look at it. Fucking evil commie psychopath.
This dude's vocabulary is like a 6th grader.
FUCK Obama.. THE BLACK MUSLIM SOB...
Obama is just mumbeling words, hahaha. this guy is a fucking fraud.
Obama should have been on list of muslim banned from entering US
6 months earlier: "Obama is a great president he's managed the problems we've had wonderfully"
Around the same time "Hillary Clinton? Oh she's a well rounded  Secretary of State." Something along those lines.
No matter who gets elected.... R.I.P. World. WW3 :(
He looks like a baby
Obama is weak, hes Putins bitch. The USAs global power and influence has been subverted under his Presidency, people dont respect the US anymore, countries like Russia have exploited his impotent leadership. Hillary will be the same- in 4 years the world will be the same, we need someone to shift the paradigm, it cant get worse than it is now.
jajaja let me refocus you back
you sir envy Obama
aaawwwwhahaha. trump is a silly dimwit idiot.
sad... it's so damn sad this intolerant fucker is still a thing. I can only hope he keeps destroying himself with his own stupidity :/
he didn't ask you how is obama or Clinton ?!!!!!
Fuck Trump! Fuck FOX news and fuck the god Damn mother fuckin Republican Party!
when you outlaw guns only outlaws will have guns
You know someone is a retard when he has to say something more than once in a sentence to make people believe him. He is a moron and narrow minded as fuck. would be an awful politician
that so called gold family attacked trump dumb ass kisser
TRUMP is right.  He made his reference to the mother standing next to Khan to point out that her husband is a muslim who believes that women are 2nd class citizens in islam.  TRUMP made the right allusion to sharia islam which is an undemocratic, barbaric inhumane muslim set of governance.  

Khan waves the constitution at Trump because Khan is a muslim immigration lawyer who operates in corrupt EB-5 pay to play visas, attacked Trump, because his son would never have died for America if it were up to Trump.

Now anyone who has had some interaction with muslims, you will find that muslims accuse America of the most vile atrocities and corruption, most of based on the fact that it is America that prevents the muslims from wiping Israel of the map. 

Muslims want you to believe that the 5 dancing Israelis committed 9/11, or Bush and the Freemasons. Muslims spread the rumour that 9/11 was not a islamic jihad but a mossad plot. In all this sits Hillary Clinton who voted for the Iraq war, including many of the GOP50 who denounce Trump.  Under Obama, Hillary turned Libya into another Afghanistan and. The two of them openly support the Muslim Brotherhood especially in Egypt. 

Obama and the Clintons are the total enablers of the Islamic State in Babylon, Iraq. Without their assistance they could never have gotten as far as they have for so long.  Obama is funneling American kaffir money to aid extremist jihadist muslims to overthrow the Syrian govt.  Without America, this war would have been over a long time ago already. 

VOTE TRUMP to stop this MAdness. Hillary is downright evil.  Her criminal camp is killing of people whom would expose her, or are perceived as having double crossed her.  

WE ARE FED UP with Clinton and her criminal corrupt cabal.  TRUMP IS THE MAN to do the work of a wrecking ball to BREAK this criminal stronghold over the West.  He will fire every incompetent snivelling anti-american from out of the govt.  

Muslims pay allegiance to islam first of all.  They cannot be patriots and be muslims at the same time.  I would say that the son of Khan was an apostate or he was a muslim plant who died because he thought that iraqi muslim lives were more important that his own muslim hide. The problem was that Americans were shooting off "innocent" iraqis who attempted to enter the camp without following the rules. Khan's son was trying to prevent this from happening when a muslim did a suicide murder jihad on him.  This is the war that appears to be universally accepted us unjustified.  This is the war that Bush, Hillary Clinton and McCain, among others, voted for.  America was not supposed to be in Iraq at all.  

Obama made sure that whatever good America did in Iraq was undone.  Even left behind a nice stockpile of arms and equipment for ISIS to sieze with the Iraqi soldier receiving orders to vacate and run away.  Rather odd.  Billions of military equipment.  All of this was done under the watchful eye of Hillary Clinton.  

Bill Clinton is the one that bombed the serbians and handed over Kosovo to the muslims.  It is considered a resounding victory for islam.  The Serbians whom were illegally occupied by muslim invaders wanted to rid themselves from muslims whom were continuously engaged in violent and stealth jihad on the kaffirs and apostates.  Bill gave the muslims that one.

All the while the Clintons are embroiled with receiving large donations from muslims at the Clinton Foundation.  Clinton appointed herself as the enforcer of hate crimes against those who blaspheme islam.  Benghazi and the anti-islam video as the cause of it, all comes down to setting a precedent that will prevent people from drawing cartoons of mahomet, the false prophet etc.  

There is no way that any sane person will vote for Hillary Clinton.  If you do, you are most certainly wilfully ignorant.  
Seth Rich also thought that Clinton assassinations were just an urban legend. He died.
why is this tool always so defensive?
lol he asked him a simple question and the idiot goes off about nothing. great job republicans on nominating this moron.
Trump just proves how the Americans are to patriotic it's that same mentality as nazi Germany that they tryed to stop but don't get me wrong I do not have anything against America just certain people  but if Donald trump becomes president of the USA I will be very disappointed in America ,for his technique is to "eradicate" Islamic extremists but he is brain washing his followers or should I say his "minions" because he fails to mention that innocent men women and children are being killed in air strikes but he calls it collateral damage. so please do not let this liar and manipulating man or his idea logie RULE over you for he is the cause of the probleme
Donald Trump Will Destroy America And Its People
Whoever votes for this fucking dumbass most likely had extra help in school. The only people voting for him is old folks with stickers on their vehicles who barely understand shit anymore anyway. "Make AMERICA great again" my Ass. You vote for that mother fucker were gonna be sucking every countries dick fuck that wall bulshit the scumbag has a past of failures don't let him run your fucking good ol American spirit. Fuck that guy and fuck Hilary at least Bill is there to take stand.
I never listen to anything Obama says. No homosexual and hater of America should ever be the Commander in Chief again. Hillary the treason candidate is woefully unprepared to be the president of a women's club.  Mr. Trump is the most courageous man I've witnessed.  No one builds a company like he has without being a natural leader of men and women. He will put America First.  I trust him as President. I think God is lifting Mr. Trump up to be the next President .  Keep Praying For Mr. Trump and Gov. Pence. Thanks
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA IF I DIDNT KNOW ANY BETTER I'D BELIEVE THIS GUY HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA

I would of told O'reilly to fuck off because he doesn't know shit. Muslim women are less compared to their husbands which is why the husband did the talking. Who gives a fuck if the media spins this.
...
The beginning of the end USA. When I look at your up and coming elections I feel like I'm watching an episode of Big Brother.
Obama looks high and talks like he is.  go figure.
Smh the things trump says is scary and stupid....I can believe people are actually going to vote for him
Obama is a liar just like Killary
Lol Trump is the biggest troll he probably doesnt even want to be president.
Trump is so damn stupid
Obama is weak.Vote Trump.
Haha trump sounds like 5 years old boy.... He will probably try to play a drone and kill some people somewhere in the world...
who is the liar DT? 
The New York Times Company
 reported slightly increased revenue of $367 million and net income of 
just over $9 million for the third quarter, helped in part by a slowing 
decline in print advertising and a rise in digital subscribers.
When I said it it became a big deal.... YOU'RE THE GOP CANDIDATE FOR THE FUCKING PRESIDENCY!!!!!!!!! SOMEONE tell Derpnald that he is running for president. PLEASE. Does he fucking KNOW? 
E V E R Y O N E is lying about me!!!!
I was viciously attacked on the stage of the convention of my opponent. EVERYTHING is someone elses fault. Mean old Khan...bad old press...FUCK this guy
I'm no fan of Trump, but considering the alternative... TRUMP 2016!!!
YES, we know what YOU think Trump......fortunately, we KNOW you're TRASH!!!
he's complaining about him being attacked but yet he's doing the same thing to other people. He needs to just shut his trap.
Make America clean again, Mr. Trump!
Both Fox News and Trump are the same.
trump is a joke...he's a spoiled brat who knows no boundaries. His reality is the only reality that exist. facts don't matter to this clown cuss whatever he thinks is his reality. that is the definition of delusional. Lol
one word comes to mind when trump talks..."delusional". I'm sorry if you support him, you're either stupid, delusional like him or you're a scared little races man or women. what right minded same person would even consider trump as leader of America. What a fucking joke.
Lol trumps talk a lot that guy tried to talk
Did he even respond to Obama's criticism? No. He just started to spew random insults towards him and Clinton.
Little Donald rambling shit about everyone all over again.. 
Uh Obamas nerve.  He's been such a disaster for America and the free world. (Whether by blind stupidity or design.)
By far the worst president and administration in history.
With a tragic foreign policy.
Yet he has the nerve to lecture others and say they dont know what theyre doing?
lets go to war shit is going to bring back balance kill all those bad ppl
Trump is a baby. He even said he wants Russia to join them.
TRUMP BEATS 17 PROFESSIONAL POLITICIANS....NOW HIS FIGHTING ALL THE MSM...AND FIGHTING THE DEMOCRATS AND REPUBLICANS...AND AT THE END....TRUMP TRUMPS THEM ALL....LOL...AND THEN WE WIN AND MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
OBAMA IS A COMPLETE BUMM...NEVER WORKED OR CREATED A BUSINESS ON HIS LIFE....TRUMP BUILD SKYSCRAPERS ALL OVER THE WORLD AND CREATE THOUSANDS OF JOBS....AND PEOPLE SAY TRUMP DOESNT KNOW ANYTHING???? REALLY MORON LIBERAL LEFTISTS SCUM???  ..THE PC CROWD...THAT MAKES OBAMA SMART???... OH MY GOD!!!! OBAMA ONLY WISH HE KNEW 2. PERCENT WHAT TRUMP KNOWS!!
Trump likes to generalize and avoid using specifics or statistics. Notice how he says Obama is the worst president ever and to just look at home ownership numbers to see that. What the home ownership statistics don't account for is the spike in college graduates moving back in with their parents to save up for houses. Trump generalizes and uses misleading statistics to push his extremely negative message.
Sick of the media and everyone else demonising Trump. He is a great man and isn't afraid to tell it how it is. I fully support his stance on Muslims. They are a plague to mankind and destroying Europe and probably America too. Trump is charismatic, intelligent, funny and handsome with epic hair.
Fuck Obama. Trump rules.
Would it be wonderful for Putin.
Trump/ Putin
How come I haven't seen 1 interview in which he doesn't avoid questions and is interrupted over and over again. He can't take criticism and talk about it. He's strictly a businessman at heart. Idek how his campaign got this far smh...
I haven't watched this yet, and I probably won't, so I'm gonna assume he said something about taking something out of context, Obama sucks, Trump is the best at something, he's a victim, and he's still angry at a lot of people. That seems to be the theme in all of these.
Obama is a fucktard.
as a conservative i can tell you Hilary is going to win, not because the whitch is better but because this idiot doesnt know how to adress the public
trump is a jerk
Trump 2016!!!! Go Trump Go!!!!! Make this country great again!!!!!
Bill was surprisingly not an ass
Trump cuts his own political throat with every speech . Day after day more and more republican leaders distance themselves from Trump. He will cost seats in congress and at this point cant win . He will give Hillary the win and lose the republican majority in congress. Welcome to 16 years of democratic  rule ..thanks to Trump .
To every single person who thinks the wall is a good idea, 

Tunnels 

Sincerely, a concerned citizen
FUCK THE NEWS its all propaganda.....just listen to what the canidate says and make your own fucking opinion not what the internet says.........you fuckin sheep
The worst thing that ever happened was when Granddaddy Prescott Bush helped to assassinate JFK.That should have been the end of the Bush Clan and its terrible actions. After all if he was jailed and prosecuted  we might not have had his criminal son GHB,and Grandson GWB around to even think of running for office. But that is just how DC works now,pay me now or we get the worst people too run for office ,and then elect them. Over the last seventy years I have lived under some that were the best,and as well some that outdid the devil himself. Some should have been put in jail and never got a pardon ,some should have had six terms in office due to their excellence in office. But we do not elect the POTUS it's all up to the DC gang ,and the Skull&Bones ,and the group that worships at the feet of the Big Eagle ,at the club. And then we have the Illuminati,tha decide who wins and who losses.
this video is like a dad and his 12 y.o son having a fight about the son beating someone up at school
Funny how Trump doesn't accept criticism and would rather insult whoever insults him
Well  all that one needs to do is look at his track record in dealing with just people in general ,Not much common sense is his credo when he opens his tiny little mouth  and just forms his lips in their normal manner of sucking on something small .This is it's normal shape.
LOL Bill is nicer to this clown than he was to a man who lost a parent to 9/11. The only hope is knowing this gimp has never worked a day in his life and the big stroke/hear attack is coming. The world is watching America, don't let us down.
trump looks like gravity is squashing him 
Where the hell are the comments?
ghjbk
More than 70 Republicans have signed an open letter to RNC Chairman urging him to stop spending any money to help Donald Trump win  and shift those contributions to Senate and House races.
A  number of Republican senators and high-profile GOP national security officials have come forward saying they cannot vote for Trump.
TRUMP is losing his temper too much.
Says the guy that tells people to punch people
trumps the best
Trump loves to use qualifiers to manipulate people into thinking he's better than he actually is! Really pay attention to what he is saying, does he make any definite factual points? No
what makes Donald Trump so better? I just don't understand.
"Reading" the tabloids doesn't count as reading!
A symbiotic relationship in action here. Fox news  - the scum of world journalism running with Rupert Murdochs agenda for the working class. Feed them shite and keep em ignorant. Speaking to the ultimate product of that agenda - Donald Trump.  Trump attacking the NY Times saying it will be gone in 2 years - there lies the next step in his agenda - remove all free press obstacles in his way. It is truly chilling watching this man talk. He is as thick as pig shit and the very thought of him as US President backed by Fox News makes me sick.
MESSAGE SPACE NEWS TODAY TIME WE WAN TRUMP&PUTIN RASE ONE TEAM IN RUSSIA UUSA SPACE &GROUND 
POWER WE WAN GIVE BACK TO USA & RUSSIA AGIN AS WAS BEF WHO COME AGINS THS PALN TH BULING THE DEP BE ASHES & ALL BE KILL INSD TH BULING IF CIA FBI WORK AGIN THS THE BE ASHES INSD THYH BULING 
MY MESSAGE TO U UNWISE MANY 
FIRST remve canada FROM rood in space 
secu RASE USA TRUMP &PUTIN INE IAVE INFO &PALN FROM GOD TODAY canada cast ME IBE HELDB BACK WHICH IPRIMISE GOD BLOOD TH SEE ME IWILL NOT LET canada wak away BEF THY BE DESTYRED &PAY ME WAHT T CAST ME 8 YAER  IF y help them y face SAME 
MT MESSAGE TO U TODAY if
 idont DESTYRED canada welth 
oil 
&LAND BY EARTHQ&FIRE IN OIL IF I DONY ICHNGE GOD SOON
11 year old response
canada be DESTYRED BY SPACE ARMY SUN SOON TH WILL HIT SECU FRIRE AS HAPPEN FORD MACC BUT THS TIME TH DONT NO UNDER GROUND WHICH DEP OR WHICH HOUSE BE HIT IN GAS UNDER GROUND IN TH CAPIL CITY canada &OIL EDMONTON 
LAND OF canada IS UNDER MY CURSE WE CAN SEE HOW BIG NEXT FIRE &EXPLO BY ARMY OF SUN WILL HIT AGIN AS HAPPEN just ford macc NOT LONG AGO WE CAN SEE 
obam life future all he huave be under attack DEDLY ATTACK HIS FUTURE obama waking DED TODAY 
MESSAGE TO U 
RUSSIA GOV MUST TAKE OVER BY TRUMP NEW PRESDENT IF TH NOT HAPPEN usa cia will FLAY ON AIR ALL BE KIIL INSD TH BULING BU BIGES NICL EXPLO SPACE DIERCT WILL HIT 
ISENT Y 
Y remve canada from rood BEF T PAY &DONT SUPPO canada IF Y DO USA  Y ARE DED WAKING IN SHORT FUTURE Y LAND &Y DEP Y ARE BE HIT 
IWAN canada be remve &RUSSIA &AMERICA COME ONE TEAM IN WORLD I9NTERNTION TAKE MY WARD  ISAY TO U TODAY 
MY FIANL MESSAGE TO U USA IF y suppo canada nasa in space &y side Y BE HIT &BE DESTYRED IN THS GENRATION BU BIGEST SUPPER VACON &NICL EXPLO IN DEP &DEP IN USA cia &all overr Y BE DESTYRED 
ISAY TO Y TODAY PUTIN ^&TRUMP MUST BE RASE ONE TEAM &POWER THS IS SPACE ARMY PLAN IF Y CHNGE THS Y BE ASHES INSD Y BUILG &DEP USA
People doesn't want to hear the truth Mr. Trump. People want to hear a nice voice with a nice tone and the right words to persuade the ignorant. Lieor truth is not the issue. It is politics Mr. Trump
Don't worry all you Nazi Trumpkins will all be climbing back to your den pretty soon.
I'm a Hispanic, and I'm for Trump!
End the Fed!
I'm a Hispanic, and I'm for Trump!
End the Fed!
Trump makes O'reilly look sane
Just send trump into exile, lets get rid of him before he fucks everything up. That idiot and his stupid party will bring nothing but more troubles, more bigotry, and more racism to united states.
Does anyone watch Fox anymore.
There needs to be an IQ test before anyone gains the right to vote. The average brainless moron should have no say in important  political decisions.
you can see his insecurity with naked eye
oh, FOX NOISE still exists?
Now Trump is claiming that Obama is the founder of ISIS. For those with short memories, Obama became President in 2009.
A brief history of ISIS:
ISIS originated as Jama'at al-Tawhid wal-Jihad in 1999. It pledged allegiance to al-Qaeda and participated in the Iraqi insurgency following the March 2003 invasion of Iraq by Western forces. Joining other Sunni insurgent groups to form the Mujahideen Shura Council, this group proclaimed the formation of the Islamic State of Iraq (ISI) in October 2006. In August 2011, following the outbreak of the Syrian Civil War, ISI, under the leadership of al-Baghdadi, delegated a mission into Syria, which under the name Jabhat an-Nurah li-Ahli ash-Shm (or al-Nusra Front) established a large presence in Sunni-majority Al-Raqqah, Idlib, Deir ez-Zor, and Aleppo provinces.
So Obama the crack addict criminal who shouldn't be president says something? Who cares? And the lies from the media - well WE don't take them to mean anything. Kahn is a Muslim, he is racist against Jews, he supports Sharia. Fuck him. His son probably became a soldier in spite of his jihadist parents. God for him. He's a hero. The parents are rotten!
Obama shut your pie hole......POS!
Also, O'Reilly is paid by this fool.
trump supporters dislike this
Yes, Obama is a puppet of the same kind of people as Trump. 
Vote JILL STEIN
TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT!!!!!!!
"I speak well" lol
the downfall of trump, if it happens, will not be because of hillary, but obama. obama is a great speaker and he can dance circles against trump that way.
Loudmouth dick toddler Trump :-)
Trump for president!
Try this Social experiment: Go on to your Facebook and look up the official Facebook page for Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton (the page with the blue check mark next to the name)- click on each page and see how many of your friends like Trump and how many like Clinton. I have 4 Hillary and 39 Trump. I find it hard to believe that the media is saying Hillary is ahead of Trump, but the likes on Donald Trump is 10 million plus, while Hillary only has 5 million. But she's beating him in the polls? Come on! The media lies, do your own research America, read between the lines!
I feel sick... People actually like this guy?
nuisance candidate, that's who you are. tactless. no matter how good or bad your performance are, it is ALWAYS attitude that counts. it is always how you "say" the words count. sarap sikmuraan, isako kita jan eh.
No Comment....
He's just goes into name calling.
If you guys put him in power and if he somehow finds a way to undermine our checks and balances, you'll have to live knowing that you are responsible for the consequences. the centuries of instability he causes and the blood he spills will be on your hands.  He's a dictator, not a president.  He's rallying you by appealing to your emotions.  Stop and listen to what this guy actually says!  He doesn't even answer questions! He just vomits the same statements that his followers love to hear even if it's completely off-topic!

I'll grant you that Hillary isn't a great candidate, but at the very least, she's the safer bet... A write-in or a non-vote this year are as good as half of a vote for Trump so make damn sure you vote for Hillary this year if you care at all about the future of our country.

andddd.... queue the river of insults from the "real" Trump supporters.
There's more intelligence coming out of a bowl of soup that is swimming in Trump's head
Trump will start ww3
hahahahahahahahhhaahahaha
Can he at least reply like a smart educated man. No? Alrighty then....
If you hate this man, you are a good little sheep who has been manipulated by the media, it's okay don't get mad just bow your head like a slave and vote Hillary. It's so funny, all of you bashing him who will vote for her are literally giving away the freedoms that generations of men have fought and died for, without even a second thought. RIP United States.
I guess people with psychological problems only understand trump make america great again bullshit.
Nobody cares about that. TRUMP2016. That's all that matters.
Trump is a joke . The man has done nothing astonishing other than inherit the family business. The businesses he created have gone bankrupt or hes is currently facing some type of lawsuit for them (Trump University). He says Obama is weak? Ha while crying about a man's opinion of him and saying he was "Viciously Attacked" This is the person some of you want as a president? Has no thick skin whatsoever and other countries are straight up laughing at the idea he might be POTUS. Give me a break. You cant name one good thing he will do to this country? Build a wall? His father was a illegal immigrant and so is his wife. If this guy becomes president he will turn america in shambles. Obama is the worst president? Lots of statistics prove otherwise. Obama's statistics even match that of Bill Clinton and he is regarded as one of the best presidents in my generation (So far).
Only CUCKS marry pornstars.
Trump is a jihadist .. he'll fuck the chinese and join the Russians
What an idiot
I like that he speaks his mind
Wow Trump is petty! Why would anyone want that guy to be our president? He is also very childish. There isn't a good candidate this time around. On the one hand we have a liar and on the other we have an stable wack job. The candidates from the other parties are either too liberal or too conservative. I don't want to vote for Trump that's for sure and I definitely don't want to vote for Clinton. I have a tough decision to make.
The Mexican boarder, Chicago gangs. get supplied by them it's been reported, gun laws are strict and yet you liberals feel that the boarders are safe but do not live in Arizona and know nothing about the drug trade, which the war own drug is a dumb war to begin with, but besides that you want to banned guns, 3D guns will be the next vice, common sense prohibition you take something you enableMore crime
The talk a gender gap mythThat had already been dismissed by a Harvard professor who is a female
Poor little bully trump was attacked and cant handle it. A baby with nuke codes... hope not
i agree on being friends with Russia, Russia should be part of NATO. we like obama in europe though..
Donald trump should take Oscar for his great act of saying he will make America "great" again haha total bullshit
From Ronald Reagan's daughter:

To Donald Trump: I am the daughter of a man who was shot by someone who got his inspiration from a movie, someone who believed if he killed the President the actress from that movie would notice him. Your glib and horrifying comment about "Second Amendment people" was heard around the world. It was heard by sane and decent people who shudder at your fondness for verbal violence. It was heard by your supporters, many of whom gleefully and angrily yell, "Lock her up!" at your rallies. It was heard by the person sitting alone in a room, locked in his own dark fantasies, who sees unbridled violence as a way to make his mark in the world, and is just looking for ideas. Yes, Mr. Trump, words matter. But then you know that, which makes this all even more horrifying.
I read!!!!!!! Hhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Fact: Mr Kahn your son died under the Obama administration not Donald Trumps. Maybe you shouldn't be blaming Trump lol
Sounds like bill is attempting to train Trump on how to be an adult. Cute.
O'Really loves to condemn the press, then constantly reminds us what a great asset he is the press. As if he's NOT part of it, yet he's the BEST part of it. Both Shrill Bill and Chump Trump are compulsive whining liars.
TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP...DOWN WITH ROTTEN HILARY!
Trump cant be controlled like a puppet by big corporation lobbyist. Anyone with half a brain can pay attention and follow the money can see how corrupt Hillary and their foundation does favors for other countries and lobbyist. I really don't care if your democrat or republican but at least do a little homework before choosing a side. Who do you want in the Supreme Court? Pay attention! Don't just take anyone's word for it do some research! You can't just want to vote for Hillary just because she's a women. That's like if I voted for trump just because he's white that makes me racist. And I'm Hispanic from Texas! I mm going to vote for who I think will do a better job and will keep America safe, appoint a justice that sticks to the constitution, fight terrorism. How you going to give Iran 400 million in cash and not expect Some of it to be used by Terrorist? This election just woke a lot of people up that have been asleep for a long time. Wake up!
Trump has loads of confidence and no knowledge.
The whole world is pointing and laughing at him.
Trumps a naive clown with big hands and a tiny dick.
Trump talks like, USA is a 3rd world country.
It's going to be nice when all the people that hate trump leave the country if he ends up being president. And these people want Hillary Clinton over him? Lol. People take offense from his personality like its something personal. The only question is, who is going to do a better job in office? Hillary will be Obama for 4 years and fuck everything up. You don't know what you are going to get with trump, but he definitely won't be as pitiful as Obama.
Trump = Loser
At this point, he's just a disgusting worm, can't even own up to what he said.
if Donald trump starts acting like he did before the " apprentice " then he will gain my vote. who gives a fuck if someone says some shit about you! talk about the issues middle class people want resolved. stop keistering everything that people say about you and brush it off! fuck! new goal, for everytime someone says some shit about you, you resolve an issue.....run with that and see what pans out
Funny how Bill lets Trump talk for a change
Fuck Trump he is another Bilderberg Illuminati Peace of Shit Member!!!
Mr. Trump, what do you think about strawberries? "We have to take a look at france, what happened in Paris? We have to understand what happened in Paris." Well, Mr. Trump, what do you think about finnish furniture? "I think that Obama is the most worse president we ever had in the US!" Ok, Mr. Trump, can you name 10 presidents of the US? "Oh, ahm ... I think I never had some finnish furniture?
Why he wants the war in the Middle East!!! Fuck him 
In what sane world could a man with a skin as thin as Donald Trump be given access codes to America's nuclear arsenal?
trump is so fucking stupid haha
Trump's process after being called the fuck out is to start insulting and lying immediately because he has no concept of what the truth is. He thinks it doesn't apply to him. Please don't vote for him. He's a complete tosspot
When O'Reilly is a voice of reason to this guy you know Trump has a fucked perception of reality.
za two idioooots having a conversation nozing special
every time Donald Trump opens his mouth the world sees how stupid he is. come on this guy's a moron. now he knows more than Obama. The Joke is on his supporters. comical!!
Sorry, but Trump is the proof for every "stereotype" about stupid americans, not he himself, but that america managed to get him that far, whats wrong with your education over there? Does all the fast food cause brain damage or something?
lol Obama is taking about how he attacked the Khan family and that's wrong 

and then Trump just starts talking about Russia, Crimea, NATO and how awful of a president, Obama is.... 
like dude can you focus on the question man.

and he keeps saying how he was viciously attacked, does he not remember how his fans and the whole RNC literally was only attacking Mrs Clinton? The double standards bro..
Our Revolution isn't in the Politics they feed us. Our Evolution is within us
this is too funny, i vote trump for a 5yr comedy show on Comedy Central 
Donald Trump is a complete idiot... I can't imagine that the Americans will really vote for him as a president... But if they will really do: he won't finish his 4 years at the office!!
Dear Bill, did Trump answer your questions or did you try  to it couch him ?
Khizr Khan is a payed Saudi stooge...
Trump is a joke. Crimea was russian soil long before the USA exist. Nikita Khrushchev gave Crimea to Ukraine as a gift in 1954. Trump has no idea about foreign policy. Period! Greetings from Poland smart ass!
What an ass this guy is.
Obama did quite a good job considering the mess Bush left behind.
good luck guys!
huh trump is so stupid that he can't think of new come back or response beside repeating the same things over and over. Yeah Obama is the worst president in history until only if Trump is lucky enough trump will take that title from Obama.  trump plan is to nuke every country and that's very scary he has no knowledge of dealing with other countries. I'd cookie monster or Elmo would be a better  presidential candidate than Trump. trump is like a 5 year old kid with billions
i hate donald trump but this he is saying right about obama,
Thanks for all you're doing Trump, you're putting us right on track to elect the first female President!
we all love you Trump 100% and fuck Obama he's been given shit to America to eat' and some people still like more shit from Obama ?? Aman
Who's a grumpy boy.
Not trying to be an Obama fan boy, but if you take a look at what Obama did, you can see the progress. All of the statistics Donald trump is giving is so miss leading
Obama, a bad actor.
Shame on the Khan family for using their sons death to further Hillary Clinton. And America being so melodramatic just eats that.  Trump is the best. Democrats are such drama queens
Testament to how truly stupid a large proportion of Americans are - Jesus and Donald Trump. Wake up idiots.
And Obama was qualified? He was a community organizer (riot and thug inciter), a small time state legislator in Illinois and didn't even finish one term as US senator. Show me Obama's qualifications.
"she can set you on fire and you should say 'thank you i hated those trousers' " lmao
8 years in office and that freak has degraded the entire world situation.  On top of the fact that he has our country in utter turmoil, and economic ruin. Who's unfit for office?  Besides him and Shillery..
Obama is like a retard, he takes so long time to get words out of him. He's reading slowly from his teleprompter?!
I think my ears hurt because he repeats the same thing 3 to 5 times HEY DONALD TALK SLOW AND QUIET YOU'LL GIVE YOURSELF A HEART ATTACK
all the hate on trump, so I guess all your of you are going to vote for a compulsive liar with massive brain tumors. smart move america, this is why the country is going down, because of people like you. you hate him just because he speaks his mind. half of you probably don't know a damn thing about politics, just a bunch of band wagon riders. lmao
trump 2016 fuck Obama and hillary fuck them democrats
This comes from a madmen that switched political parties more than  switching his life partners
Trump is acting, Obama hillary and trump are acting, they know what gonna happen. you are watching a show as always
Obama and Bill Clinton look like two wasted-away skeletor zombies from all the bribes and corruption they're implicated in. It must be taxing on the mind to wilfully lie to and deceive all the people who trusted in you.
The media made you president long before the clintons
Trump is a fucken jackass
Blow trumpet blow
Dumb and dumber. Just waiting for one of them to light a fart.
The U.S is one fucked up country lol
My friend told me Fox news is siding with Trump while CNN is  with Democrats. How true is this?
Help us to help you donate now ..https://paypal.me/wilsonkids/25
Trump is gonna get alzheimer in the future mark my words . also all this talk is going 1 ear in and out the other ... where is the knowledge ??
Trump 2016
I agree with Trump " Obama is the worst president in US history"
AND HERE'S OBAMA MAKING A FALSE STATEMENT AGAINST DONALD TRUMP, THAT HE  HIM SELF SAID THE SAME THING REGARDING HIM SELF BEFORE HE RAN FOR PRESIDENT !   OBAMA SAID THE SAME THING ABOUT HITLER HILLARY IN 2008 ! THAT H. R. CLINTON WASN'T EXPERENCE TO BE PRESIDENT! THE BOTH OF THEM LIE TO BE ELECTED PRESIDENT !  IT'S TRUE, LOOK AT WHAT OBAMA HAS DONE TO AMERICA ! After warning us he was way over his head if elected President. It's crystal clear this woman is not only unfit ! She a pathological liar on top of it all ! NOW IS THIS WHO WE THE PEOPLE WANT WITH THE NUCLEAR LAUNCH CODES ! I THINK NOT ! THE BITCH WANT'S TO START A WAR, AND LEAVE US, THE AMERICAN PEOPLE DEFENSELESS TO PROTECT OURSELVES FROM WHAT'S COMING TO OUR COUNTRY ! This is what Hitler did first, was to unarmed the people, in order to capture all of the citizen's, so they had no other way of feeding themselves, and were rounded up like CATTLE, and shipped off to concentration camps ! Witch there called FEMA CAMP'S NOW ! lIKE THE HEALTH INSURANCE, CALLED obama care. iT'S CONTROLLED ON WHO GET'S TREATMENT, AND WHO WONT ! AMERICA'S ARE BEING SET UP FOR A FALSE FLAG EVENT IN ORDER TO SUSPEND THE ELECTION IF IT LOOKS LIKE DONALD TRUMP'S WINNING OVER THE AMERICAN PEOPLE !
oh my fucking god is this guy stupid
how tf did the Republican party go from abraham lincoln to donald trump.
Hello America,
     
          What in the hell are you thinking? 

                       sincerely The Rest Of The Entire World
Here comes an executive order.ISIS is sponsored by Israel an America. Quit giving them Aid They have a better economy  then America. Google who owns the media then you will know. http://www.thedailybeast.com/articles/2014/06/14/america-s-allies-are-funding-isis.html
trump is pathetic
"some little Muslim woman..." LOL. WELL that just go for show how FOX once again can't seem to contain their prejudice...this interview was rigged in Trumps favor but he just blew it...
Trump needs to work on his vocabulary! "I was viciously attacked. I was viciously attacked. I responded not so viciously."

Not so viciously? Lmao seriously??
Tremendously, viciously, dishonest, frankly, unbelievably... That's his entire vocabulary, ladies and gentlemen.
Trump is the biggest punchline in U.S. history..
Oh! I can finally see the USA and Donald Trump together......

Took me 2 months just to accept it.....
does anyone else realize if trump loses his supporters will look so stupid and normal people WILL consider them very comical people
wow he said "many people" again...come on Trump who are these ppl urgh

and what makes you think others cannot attack you while you attack  others to the point of suggesting killing them
The only thing you can say to a Gold Star family is:  sorry for your loss or I'm very sorry for your loss.  DT is an a$$!
yo trump SHUT THE FUCK UP
Check out Trumps Song by CB Kelton on You Tube
The muslim family was a pathetic lowblow by the DNC.  Exploiting Khan's son's life for political gains.
This was the most painful thing I have ever watched.
Bullshit icing on a bullshit cake stuffed with bullshit hardened bullshit down ones bullshit accepting throats.
Fuck!
So if you lose your son in an unlawful war built on lies you become immune to criticism? You know this is like the doctrine of Islam, those "martyrs" are not judged by allah, they're sent straight to heaven. So, I'll say this again, nobody should be above criticism! even of you're a gold star family.
come on trump, ad hominem is not an answer to criticism.
Fucking joke of a human
Bill O'Reilly talks to him like a child trying to get him over his temper tantrum
VOTE FOR ME AS PRESIDENT
Holy shit this dude is an idiot
people who support trump are just tired of having a black president run the country. bunch of dumb fools. he is giving them the excuse to be racist
"Don't dislike go and vote against this brainless man". The rest of the world.
haha damn Obama talks so slow i almost forgot what his last batch of words where, get to the point. he must be very unsure what his even trying to get to.. say it like it is.. something Donald isn't afraid to do.
Trump sounds like he's on drugs when he speaks he makes absolutely no sense at all
You American's are Joke..
Trump is a complete dumbass how the fuck is he going to say Obama is setting record lows and is one of the worst presidents of all time ???? Man Fuck this guy he's the one with no knowledge at all hopefully this FUCK doesn't become president or else we'll all be fucked. And yes I do mean fucked unless you're not wealthy the majority of us will be fucked and everyone who voted for this scumbag will regret it.
Do people really think 
Obama is the reason the debt is high? 
People really believe the us was never in debt before Obama ...:/
in my opinion garbage is better than with Hillary and Trump
Donald Trump is a disgrace and a fucking baby. He has ZERO facts to back up anything he says. If anyone criticizes him .. that person is automatically the 'worst' person ever to do that job. True definition of a narcissist. FUCK YOU TRUMP
:/ huh... Where have this country gon to?
No comparison of village idiot to President Obama that bought the economy back from the brink and made America great again, YET challenged by a jealous republican congress that promised from the git that he'd be a one term president.  American opponents are a bunch of haters & they will pay accordingly with a T presidency.  For that alone I hope they get what they want.
The thumbnail picture is hilarious! 
so i hear this is the guy whos gonna handle Putin.
At 4:18 you see the deal.  Even someone like O'Reilly doesn't give two sh*ts at times, Trump can't let anything go and this entire video he just talks about himself and how everything else in the world is "terrible".
Trump needs to learn to STFU at times and just smile and nod
yess we can get all the countrys over the world to team up AND KILL ISIS
Donald is a liar
No choice but TRUMP. 2016
Trump sent another boy in his place to Nam....Fucking loser COWARD!
Trump....You thick fuck! Obama is one of the best!. Trump couldn't run a bath, never mind a country.
Two strong personalities; this was an interesting conversation.
We should make peace with Russia
Lol I luv his intro. I think he is the worst president of this country hahaha I couldn't agree more trump
oh shut up obama!  what a fake act!  you should be a journalist in your next life!
Trump sounds like a complete retard, how is this a bad recovery? I work as a real estate agent and at the end of the bush administration I had no work and my family almost lost our house. Now business is booming. Remember all these business and banks going bankrupt in 2008 it was really scary. We are much better off now then we were in 2008. And how are you going to blame Obama for the Russian invasion of Crimea? Yea and while we're at it lets blame bush for 9/11. The only problem with Obama is the debt but lowering taxes won't fix that. We need to keep taxes the SAME and lower spending but trump doesn't want to do that.
yakyakyak.... GET A JOB. h4x0r 7h3 pl4n37
Trump can talk for 5 minutes without answering the question
TRUMP,TRUMP,TRUMP PRAISE DONALD TRUMP!!MARK MY WORDS!!!!!!
can donald trump go 15 seconds with out saying something redundant.
Hillary for the Funny Farm, she laughs at every question, is she was becoming the models for the next bobblehead doll with her seizure disorder, but she can't stop laughing and it is not appropriate -- should be called "Hillarious".
Fuck off don. Fucking scummy manboy bitch.
Who acts Like That Running For Office???? It's Embarrassing!!!!
obama's a mess
trump is cluless
Trump siuuu!
Why is obama taking so slow?  Does he have so little to say?
lol this was funny
Lol can he intelligently respond to any question instead of the childish he's the worst president in us history or they are the worst human being in history type of bs
Dumbass trump
I would've loved to see trump run against Obama , lol
why in the world would a fallen soldiers parents support the person who lied to send their child to a war zone in the first place.
911 was Saudi Arabia not Iraq
do your homework people.
See Iraq is where our money lays in the ground.
Obama's murderous Jewish regime posture as if they give a fuck about the welfare of Moslems. Not even Louis Farrakhan is falling for the dirty trick. He is fucking going to vote Trump. Jews want to exterminate both Christians and Moslems....... as they are doing in Syria right now.... with the ever-present help of that military harlot called the United States. I'm waiting for Putin to drop a nuclear weapon on that Saudi Arabia and Qatar who think it's ok to ally with that pimp "Israel" to create ISIS and kill off Syrian males. Yeah 'ethnic cleansing'...... so fucking obvious what is going in Syria. ISIS by the way only fires US-made weapons, like Hughes BGM-71 TOWanti-tank missiles.
Fox News isn't a real news family
Bill you downplayed the fact that Slavery was Evil by your veiwd that "atleast the slaves were fed well". 

see how good food tastes while being enslaved in chains for life with no Hope, and bring your kids into the same world.
nazism died, so will you.
Obama was/is the worst president ever lol, funny because Bush was way worse than Obama and probably the worst we ever had
Get a fucking room you two
I LOVE DONALD TRUMP MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Are Trump think that every part of the world is theirs?
This guys is such a joke, if he get elected US will be a laughing stock of the world
ndaa act and patriot act was a heck of a chess move
Trump is starting to sound like an idiot..like almost the websters definition of it.
I love the "please tell me this guy is not our candidate" face OReilly has.
Sometimes Donald just needs to shut up and let the interviewer finish a damn question...and also quit just repeating ..he actually sounds dumb when he keeps saying how dishonest cnn is..ect...
Obama all the way stay in the w_ house
obama is the worst president in history. 
he just finished smoking weed with his daughter he's always high
After trying to sell Herman Cain and Sarah Palin to the American ppl, GOP is now offering believes trump will be better than George W. Bush. Really!? Please think again.
Obama's the worst, if Hilary get's elected she'll be even worse still...but if Trump gets in heaven help us. Funny how we always refer to presidents by their last name apart from Hilary eh?
Trump is a loser and this is why he will never be president
The funniest shit is this idiot is being told how to behave in public by O'Reilly. Both are sack of shit, one is worst than the other in their different ways.
he makes no sense
TL;DW: Obama mentions the topics of "attacking a gold star family" and "doesn't have basic knowledge on critical issues" in response to what Trump said during his interview with George Stephanopoulos. 

Trump responds with "I think he's the worst president, maybe, in the history of our country" and "I know far more about foreign policy than he knows." "[Hillary] has the potential to be even worse". 

O'Reilly's second question was "In hindsight, wouldn't it have been smarter for your campaign just to pretty much ignore him?" In regards to the DNC and Khan's speech. 

Trump expains, "...And all of a sudden I was viciously attacked on the stage of the DNC by Mr. Khan, and I responded to that vicious attack and what happened was the press took it and made it a "big deal" and that's fine. I speak very well." "I think I have the right, am I supposed to not have the right to at least say something back?"

O'Reilly mentions the wife of Mr. Khan and how attacking her essentially "opens a door for them to come in and hammer you as this mean kinda guy."

Trump responds, "I read a lot and I watch a lot and many many people discuss this." "So when I said it became a big deal, and that's, you know, the way it is." "I was very viciously attacked and I said not very viciously back." "The press.. just kept it going and never stopped and honestly it's too bad."

"You can come at me, but if there's some little muslim woman who loses a son you can't, you just can't no matter what she does - she could set you on fire and you could say "thank you I hated those trousers, you know.. you just gotta let it go"

Trump responded, "Well... I know, I didn't fight her, I didn't fight her." "But please remember, I was, I was viciously attacked and all I did was replied to it."

Turned out longer than I was hoping, but that was the gist of it.
"I read a lot I watch a lot but I don't think before I say things" Drumpf!
the comments here make me wish a meteor would just take us all out....
imagine this guy with the power to push that red button.... no thank you!
two very dumb white men. lol
trump: worst candidate ever
I can't stop laughing!! Two of the world's worst bullies commiserating about how hard it is to be a bully! This has to be one of the funniest videos of this sputtering jackass Trump i have even seen. Hilarious, except for the fact that that it is also so sad-as he is also a candidate for president.

Heaven help us if actually becomes the last president of the United States.
SMILE TRUMP !  Come across as more "likable".   Remember Reagan, even if you disagreed with him you still liked him.
His first point was literally denying the economic recovery of the country since 2008, which is real. How can someone just refute facts like that and people still believe him?
he wouldn't be where he is without the press. He should be praising the media, especially CNN.
Just how stupid do you think we Americans are? We are so tired of these two liers! One is just as bad as the other! The Presidency isn't a TV show nor is it something that should be purchased by millionaires. I for one am going to vote for door # three.  The third party candidate (Johnson) might have smoked pot; good for him to at least be honest about it!  That says alot about his integrity! Hillary and Trump have none! Shame!
you have no grounds to call anyone a liar sir..
what an ass!
Obama has no knowledge about anything and if Obama can do it anybody can do it.
Trumps intro made me LOL. Just came right away with "he's the worst president we've ever had" then dropped some good knowledge. You people should try forgetting what the media wants you to think and actually listen to what he says.
That guy had no right to even say anything to Trump. Trump had nothing to do with the situation that their son got killed in. A real shity deal for them to have the Clintons try to benefit for a terrible tragedy.
people look up Conrad Rich and John Ashe
HUH.... FUCK THIS GUY... OBAMA WAS SO MUCH OF A BETTER PRESIDENT THAN THAT MOTHER FUCKER GEORGE BUSH...
THIS GUY TRUMP IS A STUPID FUCK.. HE HAS NO FUCKING CLUE..... HE MAKES SHIT UP AS HE GOES ALONG.
waw!! this guy needs to shut up!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Trump's jealousy of Obama is akin to a 5 year-old. Obama is better than Trump in every way.
I'm black and I support Mr Trump
Khan has been outted as a phony Clinton working terrorist loving POS...Go Trump
Yea, Obama ! Kick Donald Trump in his a$$ !!!
wow. Bill O'Reilly usually sucks Republican dick. But even he was like, dude.... don't insult a dead soldiers family...
Russian didn't take Crimea because of Obama!
Chump the whiney little bitch!!
upvote if you have no college degree /  downvote if you have one
TROLLS TROLLS TROLLS  you don't make any sense!
No, Obama is retarded! !!!!! and a total hypicrite.
In my opinion, Obama is really awesome president. But while comparing Clinton and Trump, I feel like Trump is much more relevant to current world situation. You know, like ISIS and refugees and all that stuff.
The world really has to accept a significant large proportion of the American population support Dt views. So he does represent a big part of USA.
Trump as a nominee is making the republican party look really unintellegent.  Once this was a party of great presidents like lincoln but now they nominate this clown
TRUMP 2016!!!!! SAVE AMERICA! HE WAS VICIOUSLY ATTACKED!!!
"Some little Muslim women "
really bill ?
You can be read like a book with four words 
pharaoh thought he  was a god, but now just decaying musium exibits
Its a bit like Dumb and Dumber .
What a wank stain! That goes for both of these pigs.
Here's something for all the Neo Nazis here (looks like most of you judging by the comments):
http://quantum-displacement.tumblr.com/post/146015554444/anti-trump-masterpost
Wow, O'Reilly tried his best at saving him... And yet... Man... I'm speechless.
fuck donald trump YG
trump 2016 we gonna do it!
and so are u u dumb fuck 0:53
+Jack McCarthy has intelligence and can disagree without name calling or insults.
Why did you guys pick this piece of sh*t Hillary (more like Hitlery) over Bernie. WHY!!! now I hope trump wins
"I watch a lot" Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! trump (no caps=no respect) is a loser! THE bankruptcy king!
CNN is dishonest, Newyork times is dishonest, then who the he'll is honest,, only him, he is really unfit for this job. unbelievable idiot and ignorant idiot, he will be a dictator. he will be new gaddafi in USA. he needs a doctor
He's like a white girl when she doesn't get what she wants
Trump is having problems because he is threatening the establishments interests, not because hes lying or he is not prepared. Even a chicken knows this. The guy can be arrogant and cocky, but speaks the truth.
Whiny Trump has no common sense!! Such a child!!!!!
OBAMA spit it fucking out you fucking douche bag 30 second pauses between every fucking word you annoying prick.
I'm sick of this khan thing. long time grieving? it the soldiers sacrifice... not a family. it is a loss for family big difference. I want to know how many elected carry a pocket constitution. Probably zippo. this seems to conviently like the fake clock kid. time will tell.
Can we discuss Trump's first words when he heard Obama's speech? I don't support either candidate, but if Trump just tried to defend himself instead of calling Obama the worst president of all time right off the bat, he would've been taken more seriously in my opinion. I don't understand why people back this man
Can the shariah increase jobs, can the shariah manage immigration? Can the shariah manage all religions peacefully like in Europe or America? Can the shariah build a military equivalent to America or Russia's power? Can the shariah even build a car, a plane, or mobile technologies or a simple bread toaster? Why isn't the shariah in the Muslim countries getting rid of hunger, thirst, rape, and civil war? Again, the shariah answer is shariah to everything! Why are Muslims migrating to the EU and to America? It's because of a better humanitarian  stable civilization. Plus their shariah has failed them. Europe and America have a better opportunity, for all kind of religions or personal situations. Now you want to spread your corrupted fantasy which can't even build a hair gel, thorough out the west. Trying to destabilize the stabilized! rather than trying to establish the shariah, and stabilizing your own country where you came from. Maybe an ISIS Islamic shariah is your answer to a peaceful Islamic civilizations. An ISIS shariah is your desire, your final shariah country system result, for defining a shariah an ISIS peaceful civilization is the shariah answer. It's the example, the shariah answer you want to implement in the western world. Heck I don't want to see violence, rape and slavery, thirst and hunger, in Europe. If it's only peaceful, anywhere in the world, stable and consistent. Example; Europe and the American citizens will then migrate there or visit you. For relationship and business. Religion and development have different angles to building and developing a country. U.K and the Western world, wasn't build from religion. It was build from hard work, science, passion, and industrial civil engineering. It was built by builders!! not religiousness! STOP mixing religion with the development of the country. Religion is not the fastest way to build a strong global civilization.  Corrupted psychological fantasy civilization. The mental psychological cause to rape, unsafe, civil war, extremism, in the Arab world. RELIGION is not the answer TO DEVELOPMENT OF THE  AFRICAN MIDDLE EASTERN, DESSERT! (Spiritual  believes and religious intentions! but please reconsider)
Anybody who is not in the top 1% and is voting for Trump is self-destructive as fuck. Here we have a millionaire openly declaring to further slash taxes for the rich. The PROBLEM in America is that the last decades the elite (including mr Trump) has concentrated nearly all the wealth in their own pockets while real wages for the rest of the population have gone DOWN. The workers are HURTING and out comes Bullshit Artist Extraordinaire mr Donald Trump, a NY real estate agent, and makes it out like he's going to help them. What a fucking JOKE.

If you care about America you have to think about these issues and what you are doing to the nation - and yourself - if you cast a vote for Trump.
Love this station, the truth can be told and it can be check and found... Love it!
Donald Trump is a whiny crybaby
Obama is still woefully unprepared to do the job, and he's been president for 7 1/2 years.
Every time that DT is confronted with some stupid thing he said, his behavior compares to a 5 year old! He is DEFINITIVELY not fit for the job.
If you look at the thumbnail of this video it exactly demonstrates the true nature of Trump, "Mentally a 5-year-old". His reaction is just what a first grader would do upon being criticised, he'll call you names and throw every piece of dirt that he finds. Obama criticised him and he started insulting him. 

Let's say I been driving for a very long time and I need a break. I'll hand over the driver seat to my grandmother. Now I can at least be sure that she won't crash the car, she might drive slow and hit few dugs here and there but she can get us home safely. That Grandmother is Hilary.

Handing Tump the driver seat means giving the wheel to your 5 year old who still needs a baby seat, rest you can imagine!

I am not even American, but I've never been so concerned about myself the much I am about USA at the moment. This guy is a Cancer. He's an insult to himself, a disgrace, a con man, scammer. that's his resume.
Suffering from severe Trump fatigue,  this complete incompetent idiot sounds like fucking broken record. You can only shuffle the same ten old words that he uses, over and over again, around for so long... I need aspirin
What an idiot
Did Trump (someone who has absolutely zero political foreign policy experience) seriously just say he knows more about foreign policy than the current US President? That's pretty damn ignorant. Wow.
Oh my...that threatened to be a serious Trump interview halfway until Old Bill weaseled out and got back on  Fox message. 

Hilarious when Trump complained about dishonest media when he tells about a lie every half a minute. "Many people say" bullshit. Who are these people? Donald Duck? 

And he still hasn't apologised to the gold star family, especially the mother. The man has no shame.
That man is a moron.
Donald trump is a complete joke.ask trump real questions in a true political manner....he's a complete dumbass.he will avoid real issues and say the simplest trash that means nothing.he's scum.he's got zero skills politically and he knows nothing.his LUCK in real estate is just that.he's an ugly nasty scumbag who only wants to be president because he's thinking ...omg I could be president.there are children!....who know politics more than trump.put him up against a 12-15 year old in a political debate like "are u smarter than a 10 year old" type of show.u would see first hand how simple trump is.he does not know anything.that's why he constantly changes the subject when asked a true political question.he's nobody.he's a criminal who has money but used to deal with the mob and such.he is what the bible and Nostradamus warns us of.minus the good looking and charismatic part.he's a devil in sheep's clothing and only reason he's anywhere near being president is that he's a racist and scared white guys are worried about their guns.period.his non American whore wife( who's 100% only with him for money):)....is not american...nor can she even speak English correctly. no fucking way should we be so pathetic to have trump and his immigrant whore wife as our leaders! that is no doubt an insult to all past presidents and our country as a whole.greed is American whites voting for this scum over him claiming to lower their taxes or save their guns.bunch of scared cowards.
The title, first black president lost its value. ISIS. Obama Care. Millions more used foodstamps since 2009. Incurred millions-trillions of dent. Great job, Mr. President. How do you sleep at night? Oh yeah, who cares - get your comfortable sleep at the white house.
You are a moron if you vote for the chump.
Bill O'Reilly,  "Khan was hired."  Evidence?
FUCK YOU TRUMP YOU RACIST FUCK FACE!!!
ill be in japan if this guy wins lol that's all imma say
"I speak very well", lmao
Fuck you trump you illumaniti leader lookin mother fucker
this dumbass didnt know about crimea about two weeks ago. now he is just blabbing and talking crap as always. fuck this dipshit
This should be interesting come November.
fuck donnle trump
Wasting time of my day watching two idiots on a screen speaking to each other.
Trump does not scare me. He's not going to win. What does scare me is his supporters. This guy has said nothing he would do to help the poor and middle class. You can't believe I guy who shipped all his factories over seas will make jobs for you.  What's the appeal. All I can see is the divisive rhetoric and bleak image of America he is promoting. It's hard for me to accept people can be so  dumb.  I say again you trump supporters are a scare bunch. 
Anyone who supports Trump has got to be missing some brain cells because he's a fucking idiot all talk and bluster and bullshit what a fucking idiot!
I hope no one is stupid enough to vote for trump.
As an Australian of 26 years of age, i condemn this man to be the president of the United States of America. There is a sickness in the populace of America. I know from friends who have been there, and said this to me on numerous occasions. It is this sickness who supports trump. Supporters of racism, hatred, fear and ignorance. 
I dont follow a god persae, but i do believe in justice for morality and wellness for humanity. Trump is not the answer for such things.

I hope, as a citizen of a country in the allied nations, that trump does not succeed. If he does I fear, just like many others will, for the future of mankind.
oh lord what and idiot. trump, product of american stupid.
if you listen carefully... trump doesn't actually say anything. At all.
Trump: "Many, many people said this" means , no one said that but I am making things up. LOL
this Orange Clown is running for WHAT,,, LMFAO
obama would do more good things in one day than trump would do in 4 years
the coments show how brainwashed the people are from the mainstream media
who do you think control the media?
have you heard of george soros and others ?
clinton is weak and will easily be controlled by her patrons
Gay ass comments below 
C'mon, you're acting childish Trump, when would you grow up for God sake?
Trump is an embarrassment
The world thinks the Obama is one of the best presidents ever, because of his results for the american people and his ability increase diplomatic connections. 
Listen to Trump, does this man have a realistic view of the press? 
The dishonest man here is trying to become president :-/ Even Oreiley, who is the beacon of republican "truth" has to stop Trump rambeling. 
I am not saying Hillary is perfect, but seriosly?? Trump??
Trumps face tells it all
pleas america do the right choice. the whole world will have to suffer
All because of you Trump. I hate this guy. He is making up problems for no reason. He playing with people fears. He is judging other people, like dude
What an idiot!  Trump, that is.
What a joke
Trump means to fart in UK. Donald Fart
So what you are saying is. Obama failed in securing Iraq and just wanted to get out of there. Then Afghanistan. Then Libya. Then Syria.. And handed terrorism a golden opportunity to thrive in weakened countries in the middle east.. Then agreed for a nuclear deal with Iran.. Fails to keep his Secretary of state in check.. Screws the people over with his "Obama Care". Is failing to calm people down on race issues. And he calls Trump unfit?
What a Trump ... (yes, I said it, he's a Trump. That name/word/brand will enter the dictionary in a few years as synonymous with "fool")
America is the laughing stock of the world, trying to redeem itself in the Olympics. " Hey look at how great we can run, jump and swim" which is exactly how all the illegal Mexicans got in and took over the United States in the first place lol , What a joke America, seriously.
Slapp a mustasch on that mug you would be voting for Josef Stalin.
Trump look like a dirty old child molester, donald duck lookin ass
I like Trump's ideas I mean democrats are weak and won't ever defeat isis....but I mean I just don't think I'll vote for him because he will ruin economy
trump is retarded someone should assassinate him if he wins the election and also all his retarded supporter. Hilary is nonsense and deserves to fry for her crime, she has no supporter that's why everyone still trying to support bernie fir some odd reason. no us presidential election 2016.
He cannot respond intelligently to one criticism he receives, he immediately starts blaming and saying middle school words like worst, terrible, bad, weak. I cannot forget about the standard "many people have said this" without citing any sources constantly on any issue he is talking about. I cannot believe this guy is still running. Wake up America! 

I have never voted before because i don't believe in politicians but this time i will vote.
Hahahaha. I don't like insulting people in discussions like this but you truly are a fucking idiot. You can say what ever you want but back it up with facts
and no Bolles
Obama man with no Pinas
this is not a way to talk about another human being. and he expect to lead the country?
well we can now see who pays Obama now, thanx liking good Clinton. smile
Why call everyone weak calling Obama weak abama is president and everyone should respect the president
Trump was like complaining all the biased media on and on, to Bill O'Reilly like to his daddy. LOL. Trump is mentally a 5 year old child.
It's like watching Donald Trump interviewing Donald Trump.
ahahahaha trump have no idea what he talkin about smh
Statistically,Obama is one of the best presidents in the usa's history,yet trump saysa he's one of the worst....
Thank God these people and their kind will finish up here on our beautiful planet soon.
Obama is worst ..send back useless Indians home that will sort the problems..
He lived in his penthouse above the clouds for so long he's convinced he's God. And the antichrist cometh
Hilary > Trump
Crimea and Ukraine weren't part of NATO so there was nothing any of the west world could do to defend them. I didn't see Khan attacking Trump, he just asked if he sacrificed anything for his country or if he read the constitution ..... I mean where was the attack ?
I cant believe anything obama says
ahh! You fucked up cause you don't know your history!!  Cause really you don't know SHIT!! About world history
Obama will be remembred as the best president ever!
He got us out of the economic mess he inherit from psycho  Bush.
i agree with trump she wasnt allowed to say anything
Trump is an utter Idiot. If he is voted into office it will be a sad indication of the American people as a whole.
Wouldn't that be wonderful? Wouldn't that be wonderful? Yes, Donald. If the world worked remotely in the way an 8-year-old thinks it does, I'm sure it would. It would also be wonderful if you were an obese pink unicorn defecating cotton candy rather than a mad man posing as a political leader.
The real shame is the Democrats using a Gold Star Family as bait in their trap.
totally takes the attention away from himself lol a true jackass
If trump makes president he truly could be the anti christ!
So, Obama (and other leftists) can say anything bad about Trump, but Trump can't even respond..... SUCH A DEMOCRATIC THOUGHT, CONGRATS
Anyone who supports the corrupted lieing Hilary is a fool
"Hi I'm Khan, my son died in the war that Donald Trump opposed, now I'm going to attack Donald Trump."

Lmao you leftists and your emotional pulls are the sadest shit ever, enjoy it while it lasts because the rise of trump signifies the end of your feelings in politics.
This is his way to remain as a billionaire. To lead the still most powerful country in the world it needs simply much more other qualities. Wake up US citizens! How can you still believe in D T? This election is not a game ! Democracy is as fragil and easy to destroy like spiderweb in rain. It can only survive by permanently care repair and optimise. It never will be a matter of course. There is no better alternative system invented yet. In this case Trumps behavior looks like rain on spiderwebs. Your country will remain hole as democracy? Not separated into pieces ? Go and vote for it!
Dump always has to have the last word! Just like a kid on the playground.
I like how fox uses shitty arguments against trump so trump can look good in front of an audience, its a good play and it works for idiots and only idiots watch fox.
We will crush Trump in November. Believe me!
Man, I've been coming around to Trump, he's on point. The media has systematically decided to destroy him, simply because he's not a globalist puppet, he's truly a patriot, the man cares about our country and what's going on, Hillary cares about maintaining her appearance and making money, nothing else.
Watch -- Listen to the type of energy that comes forth. Consider the source and decide.  Negative energy comes from where again??
Really Obama walk into a a hell hole He has gave us more jobs and done a good job. Trump well put us in the biggest war ever.Trump's party is unhappy with him. He crazy you don't let crazy in the white house you keep them out
screw OB~1 gold star I dont f`en care they said shit first so trumps suppose to say nothing..OB~1 has divided our country blame him for the shit and KILLARY want to do the same..SCREW those jack ass`s
Some little Muslim woman ?? At the end , The way bill spit that out of his tenacious mouth was just despicable.
"little muslim woman" Fox News has no shame.
Fuck trump and his supporters.what cunts they are.wake  upAmerica the whole world hAtes U
Suicide watch: When this bigot motherfucker loses to a GIRL!!!
did i just hear trump critisize about hillary lying ? what has this man been doing the past year, and also america do not think the world is yours and that you have to say something or the right to interveen in other countries, something happens in europe while obama is president SO WHAT it's not his countrie where it happens ?!
What an incoherent and stupid answer. Obama is right. Stupid man running for the highest office.
Damn Hilary or this obnoxious  clown? Is my country serious?
"Did I? Maybe not" lol
Trump is mentally retarded! No question !
man if trump wins this country going to shambles lol
trump is garbage
a liar call another person aliar is a liar....you read a lot but cant read the bible a fat lie...a 70 year old man on tweeter crying like a lil bitch....and how the fuck bill orally still got a fuckin job races bitch.....one the most historic moments in history ant 711 its 911 you seen it from the trump towers another lie......MY UNION BROTHERS DID A BEAUTIFUL JOB ......
Trump I support you.
O'Reilly @  7:08"but if there is some little Muslim woman..." wtf did I just hear on national television. It is exactly the same context when I use the phrase say "that little bitch" blah blah blah. WTF Fox. This isn't middle school or high school. This kind of flaming hate speech is un-American and intolerant. This is why these two scumbags are on Fox and get trashed across the nation. Clean up your bullshit and put on some real content with substance. Honestly Idk wtf to make of whatever I just watched. Get your sh*t together.
How many Donald Trump supports does it take to change a light bulb?
I love Trump!!!
I normally dont write my opinion, however I think that Trump is an ignorant person, he lacks knowledge of politics and understand of world politics. He is not qualified to lead this contry. If he was to be elected as president, I see our country up to the neck in debt more so then we are now. war is.not good for anyone.
I was very viciously attacked.... Trump needs to look up the word viciously
Trump you are an idiot. Are you gonna attack me on Twitter now?
Easiest way to spot a Dump supporter: English is their native language, yet they cannot spell or create complete, grammatically correct sentences. All they can do is cuss, call people names, and repeat the same ridiculous nonsense over and over. Anyone who thinks Dump can build a wall and make Mexico pay for it is delusional in the strictest sense. There is no sense of reality with them. They just automatically believe whatever Dump says, even after thousands of people have shown how wrong it is. Gullible. So gullible.
Trumps a donkey!!!!!, he needs to know and connect with the people, that's were Obama went PERFECT. Although Hilary is also a terrible person for President. She has no idea how to be President!
hey and if anybody knows the truth? call the air force or military when this stuff starts flying through your body because the aliens probslly missed your house and yes "you are just a human"
hey listen and listen really good! you guys are all idiots! theres a new threat happening NOW and it fly's right through your body coming in from outer space! i know because i deal with the alienoids all day long in my home!!! he'll if these people only knew that the humanoids are all very very slowly turning into aliens!!! he'll the alienoids are still slipping the stuff in us since they discovered vitamin B12
That's a pretty good twist the D put on the stories. Bravo.. whoever is advising him now is doing a lot better job than whoever was doing it before.
Trump just criticized moroccans i heard !
You crosses the line lil' hands !
We re gonna used our black magic against ur sorry ass
I saw Trump defend Russia's invasion of Crimea in an interview a few days ago on the basis that its what most of the Crimean population wanted? I just can't even listen to him anymore now he is just too comical and hypocritical. ,
Bullshit! Dirty politics
Stupid orange head wants to get along with Russia yet he thinks he can get along with them by criticizing their takeover of the majority Russian speaking Crimea!  
This stupid orange head is so foolish it is not even funny: Attack Obama on Crimea invasion as if Russia invaded there because of Obama's presidency,  as if Crimea would safe under an orange head administration lol
oh... baby Trump...you are the biggest victim...bigly
I feel dumber after listening Trump's voice...
some little Muslim woman lol Bill Orielly is no better than Trump !
Donald trump is really immature like come on really? someone talk some sense to this guy.
this guy is awful  and only  spews insults!!!
Please! someone tell me this Trump campaign is just some twisted American reality show and this is not really happening.Do Americans comprehend the ramifications? Is this the beginning of the end of mankind and stable society around the world? he can not even maintain enough personal composure to stop himself from saying and tweeting the most inappropriate statements and then he either denies saying them or tries to put a spin on what he said.  How do you think America will manage after he has offended most of the worlds leaders?
Clinton has Parkinson's disease, that is 100x scarier than Trump.
So little Muslim women?  Did he really just say that?  The condescending tone he used.
Trump 666 
Pretty sad that Hussein needed a Teleprompter for that
So Trump foreign policies are being good friends with Russia so that he can talk to Putin to not invade Ukraine. Lmao 
don't be surprised if hillary and obama take a quick vacation from america after trump win's.
what on gods earth is a 'gold star family' ?
One Bully feeding another.....all BS.......
couple of pinheads
You won't be missed.
FOX news. Nobody cares ... but the lunatics.
Donald Trump is a huge cunt..
"I love the uneducated" Donald Trump. Read the comments and you can see he is right
Now Americans  can truly see the rich  are above the law. What a message our congress and or government
 is sending to the people.
I'm voting for this mother fucker.
Trumps eyes look more steeled. He is going to win.
I can't believe what America has become to make Clinton above the law.
Every one has freedom of speech and he has my vote.
Obviously Obama is a Clinton supporter duh. I'm voting for Pedro 
Trump has every right to speak to defend himself.
lool he is like a big baby haha omfg..how the fuck is he a candidate. .smfh
Everything that comes out Trump's mouth is crap, lies, stupidity, ignorance, hate, and many other worse things...
Does this fckr ever smile???
Trump is just an idiot! If the yanks elect this guy they really have learned nothing from the bush years
Obama will never take out ISIS. He created them, along with Hilary and Bush jr.
Trump the idiot
Trump (Trip) is stupid!!!!!
TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP TRUMP 
Make America great again 
Obama is scraping the bottom of the barrel in attacking trump !
A lying president (hillary) is better than a dictator that can last for decades (trump)
He said Hillary WILL be even worse, even he knows he's a bad candidate
Loser
The whole world is watching this election in disbelieve. The guy is a sociopath. PROVEN. And you want him with the finger on the button? 
His lame excuse is always "many people say" or "I read somewhere". How dumb can you get? Luckily he will lose by a landslide, but man... the people who support him are as dumb as Trump himself is. He is a L-O-S-E-R
Moron
Anyone who critisizes Marcus Luttrell here...have your 3.4.5 closest friends killed in front of you, have yourself shot multiple times by people who hate you, and then crawl to the closest place of refuge not speaking the language hiding from the people that just tore your entire world apart.  Try it...I dare you...then come back and be a keyboard warrior
Obama is a TURD.
people dont like trump cause he speaks the truth and facts. Americans are so blind they like being told lies and false promises. All politicians are scum bags but obama is the a fucking JERK OFF and hiliary im not even gonna go there, a women president? i dont think so. Trump has balls as all NYkers do and say what we feel think and say and most of all we get THE JOB DONE! I am from nyc born and raised and im not sticking up for trump for that reason, but again he says what he feels and doesnt give a shit and good for him. He is bashing all the bullshit that has been going on that people dont see or see and dont simply dont give a fuck. Trump is a billionare, has his own empire , like arnold being governor of california is any better a steroid bodybuilder or jesse the body ventura a fucking wwf wrestler? please man come on. This country has become a joke and has been a joke for years and i hope trump wins and fucking does everything he says and gets the job done. Americans again dont like truth and get stunned when somebody speaks up, well trump smashes everybody and again good for him cause they done a piss poor fucking job. wtf has obama done? we need a man with balls to get shit done and say shit the way it is and if people dont like to fucking bad they should start to like it because there getting fucked up the ass royally also these fucking terrorist are fucking insaneeeeeeeeee and we need to get rid of these bastards ASAP. Obama tried to make peace with them? its like telling a pitbull dont bite, these people find us weak and they are just waiting to strike again just like 911 or worse.
Isn't it pathetic how this O'Reilly desperately tries to put some reason in Trump? Without any effect, obviously. Like a father talking to some spoiled brat. Pathetic for Trump, who is not taken seriously at all. Pathetic for O'Reilly, who seems to be a disgeace for the profession of reporters and television hosts.
This leather ball with a toupee is talking out of his asshole about Crimea and throwing all the big words, whereas it was this very turd who told Stephanapulos that Russia did not invade Ukraine and looked like a fucking fool when he was corrected on air. This guy is out of control. I am shocked at how inbred, uneducated hicks are not seeing through his lies and his long winded bullshit answers that are completely devoid of any substance.
A gold star family my ass.
he talk like a truck driver... come on usa!!!! Trump is a fool.
ever heard of George Bush? he thinks Obama is the worst.
"woefully unprepared"... just like you were big O.
typical trump, go on a tangent to avoid the criticism
obami gonna be carted and thrown out of the white house...get out the house now brack
fuck trump
the comment section is full of trump brainwashed idiots wow
He is so freaking petty and childish. Interesting to watch but Jesus Christ.
Trump responds to criticism by attacking the person who gave the criticism.
A mature man either refutes the criticism with rational discourse, or they accept the criticism and admit to being wrong.
Trump is not a mature man.
Islam Sucks/////Arabs SucksProphet Mohamad SUCKS  .Islam is no religion at all. That belief is the devil itself! Lets deport them to the moon.
vote trump, show our white privilege, white lives matter
Everytime Obama opens his mouth lies come out. Obama has never said a word of truth. Why are Americans so stupid? Obama = Hillary! Doesn't anybody understand this!
WHY DOES ANYONE TALK TO THIS BILL ASS WHOLE I MEAN REALLY
The Jew Donald Trump hates America
Its the same Arab Spring all over again, headed by the Bitch-witch Crooked Hillary  who supports  acceptance of Islamic Muslims Terrorists to come into this country! WRONG!!!!!!!!! Deport these mother f#ckers, you take 'em in now, tomorrow they kill our own ppl.
Bill!  We know you!  No need to insult you!  We know who you are and who you work for.. and that don't mean who writes your pay check!
How Stupid Could the President Be ?
I love how you stomp on this dim whit!  Don't let this shill get the word!  By the way... Crimea left of their own accord!  That's because the stupid, U.S. backed coup drove them home to Russia!  But don't get me wrong!  Obama had nothing to do with it!  He was probably golfing!  Hillary is innocent too... of ordering such a coup.  She was busy selling influence for her own pride!
legand
Talking about Russia and Crimea yet did anyone realise that google has written Palestine off the map.
my god, just how emotionally immature is this man? "I was viciously attacked" is no valid reason to basically spread false rumors about that man's wife not being allowed to talk. If any other high ranking person behaved like, for example a teacher or a doctor, they would lose their job immediately. And you want THAT as the leader if your country?
my god, just how emotionally immature is this man? "I was viciously attacked" is no valid reason to basically spread false rumors about that man's wife not being allowed to talk. If any other high ranking person behaved like, for example a teacher or a doctor, they would lose their job immediately. And you want THAT as the leader if your country?
he look like he need a laxative
Geeez The Douche just goes off on wild tangents. Blaming everything except his dumbass!! Everybody except for The Douche is failing/losing/lying/having low ratings/being viciously attacked!! LOL!!

I want to punch him in the face!!!! AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!
Fox News seems more civilized toward other conservatives.
Obama is better than fucken shit ads trump
Trump is the only hope for America. Not many other presidents have stood up to Wall Street bankers, Hollywood moral decline,  and the leftist controlled media. Donald Trump defended himself well against the insults by Obama. 
Trump/Pence 2016!
trump 2016
I like trump and Il kill anybody who got a problem with it GOD is on our side remember
Noam Chomsky even said Obama was far more damaging than Bush.
ok I think Simone biles would b a pretty good president
viciously attacked? how is he going to react when Angela Merkle calls him a dick head
Obama is the biggest fraud perpetrated on the American people. hes a practised liar.
Honesty and IntegrityAs Chinese I vote for Trump
Donald Trump is as polarizing as "Don't Stop Believing"
Doesn't know how to answer a basic question. This is your next President lol
oh NOW he's talking about NATO, he double talks, he says one thing and then says something completely opposite, his followers only hear what they want to
I can't tell if this is a real interview or a joke. He speaks like a spoiled teen girl when she doesn't get her way.
Cmvmcvylc
i hate this man so much! It is so hard to understand how he has supporters
hay get that baby Out of Here!! and I've always wanted a Purple Heart :)
not good bnot good.  this is bad.
Poor Mr. Trump was viciously attacked Oh! how can we let this great man be criticized he is above reproach!  Never has he ever said anything at all unpleasant about anyone!  Can anyone be so DUMB as to eat anymore of this FOX crap!
This is what you get when a populous is aloud to become as intellectually bankrupt as the US..

Fox News, Jerry Springer and Donald Trump...

A democracy only works, if you have an educated and informed society to maintain it...
Gotta love the act. All involved do theater well !!!
he responded to Obama's honest criticisms with a reservoir of insults, immediately labelling him as the worst president ever  Trump never fails to put on a comical entertainment act - sprinkling lies such as claiming to have more foreign policy knowledge that Obama during his inarticulate ramble, when just a month ago he confessed to not knowing the difference between Hizbollah and Hamas. In simple terms, he isn't a smart person, he's  just a vessel of narcissism floating around allowing ignorant people to inflate his ego by supporting every hate-invoking, bigoted and irrational idea he has ever proposed.
Let me refocus you back because you have derailed yourself. Ukraine what about Ukraine. Russia what about Russia. Hahaha.
FOX news = Trump news
o'paddy-rieghly or whatever your potato eating peasant irish name is - nobody would piss on you if you were on fire.
You'd think the mature thing to do would be not to retaliate with words, but to prove Obama wrong with action. You've now lost my support Mr. Trump. I can't support a man running for president who's maturity level is that of a highschoolers.
Trump lost my vote after going after a gold star family
Yeah he got viciously attacked by everyone - because he insults everyone. That's all he does...
Obama is a big fat zero. What does he have under his belt? A degree in political science and a law school which he never practised law. To hear him offering up criticisms like that is too rich. Who's he next to the Donald?A life-long token.
Oh god!
dump trump - you have lost already...so fuck off you ginger orangutan
trump is full of shit
Wow, this is cool. Trump made O'Reilley seem smart and level headed. It just doesn't get any funnier than this. The republicans and Fox News created this need for an imbecile racist. Here he is. Enjoy!
This or Hellery?  it gets worse with every erection...i mean selection
...minus the s.
Trump is gonna have  like 2 friends left on election day. All Hillary has to do is not say anything stupid and she's good.
but trump is the biggest lier tho smh
Trump is the best chance for the US.  Khan family, sorry, your son is a hero, but you're not.  You owe back taxes to the IRS and you accepted 180k for your DNC speech and 200k from CNN.  You said Sharia Law is a myth and doesn't exist.  You said, Terrorism is a lie.  You're like any Libertards who can't tell the difference between Muslim Extremist and Muslim, between Illegal Immigrants and Immigrants.
trump looks like he's about to start crying. Will he break?
Ones black and the other one is a women
Trump for president! He is not a pussy!Let's invade middle east but not with soldiers, just send couple of hundreds of nuclear missiles there and end the terrorism! Let's go people, let's make America great again! let the world remember Hiroshima and Nagasaki and tremble before us! World looks at us as a nation of pussies and this has to end and it will end with Trump!
the day will come when there will be an app where we can trace all the dumbasses who comment racist crap on YouTube and will have to suffer the consequences. Who wants to get they're balls ripped purposely on an open can of sardines? I know Trump supporters do!
If America votes for trump and trump wins, America will get what it asked for... live Hunger Games. Every state will be wondering which district will win each year.
TRAMP  HAD  UP
ohh trump said a few mean things and that makes him not qualified to be president , ohh please shut the fuck up, I rather have a rude and honest leader than one who lies and "short circuit s" and is not for their own people
Oh gosh America, please don't let this rat's nest hair, orange skinned twat run our country. Have your opinions on Obama, but please don't elect trump.
#TrumpTriumph
Trump is more O'Reilly than O'Reilly, even. Two of the Great American intellectuals of our time.
fox news supports anyone that doesn't like Muslims,  pro war, capitalism , wall street big money....everything but the ppl
when obumma pulled out troops out of Afghan and Iraqi. Obumma show them Americans give up.they win.which showed weakness.
Obumma doesnt know sqwat about foreign affairs
Ok Don we get it. NOW you know Russia went into Crimea.  Sad!
Easy for a guy like Trump who has never done a thing but run his big mouth (lies 98% of the time) and sell his "brand" to criticize a sitting president. I almost want him to be elected just to see the ridiculous mess he makes. Almost.
Combined iq:  110
I feel so sorry for Obama! Ungrateful Americans!
Obama is a mess. Obama is a waste. Obama, is a big, fat, mistake.
look at the lies , look at the lies . yet every thing he says is a lie
"gold star family" wow... OBAMA you failed the ppl of the US you have lied and deceived the ppl with endless wars INVASIONS. We don't need any more wars and dictators in this country, Hitlery has not kept US troops safe how can she keep Americans safe. They lied Bush and Chaney, they all lied and Obama keeps going on this terrorist acts on innocent ppl from the middle east. 
Bill is paid by ZIONIST, FUCK THEM ALL!
"Viciously attacked" what a thin skinned BITCH!
Omg my problem isn't even with Trump. My problem is with the people that support him. How can you watch Trump and not see he isn't president material. I'm not saying this cause I'm a Hillary supporter, cause I'm not. She is a liar and you can't trust her. But to see Trump as the nominee for the Republican Party, is just plain sad when you had other candidates that probably would've been extremely better at running a campaign. I almost want this man child to become president so I can see Obama's "I told you so" face.
I would be embarrassed to say that I supported this clown.
Look at the lies you tell you fucking turd!
f*ck you guys and your opinion he has way better ideas than that fuc*king cun* Hillary Clinton we need someone that is going to set a tone on America we don't need a pushover we are supposedly the strongest county on earth and we need to start proving and we need to start by getting out of debt and Hillary deffinetly isn't going to do that her biggest focus is letting more illegal immigrants in from Syria and some people might say well my family came from another country if immigrants were not aloud here most of us wouldn't be here well you know what times are alot different now it's a dangerous world out there and the sooner you start to realize that the better
anyone who supports Trump is an idiot
Good luck Trump!   From UK
Republicans are simply masters of abuse. Produce nothing. Still no tax returns from Trumpet 
Lots to hide, millions to make of the taxes of citizens
he is a bully obama was a great president he to confident yes this is a kid he dosent deserve this chance for  president and i ma kid vote for hillary keep the mexicans
Lmao, trump can dream on, HE is going to be the worst president ever, the most unqualified person to run for office.
lol, Trump is such a crybaby. "I was viciously attacked" give me a break. Does he think the president of the United States won't face criticism? What a joke.
Everyone criticisms him but he has the guts to say what many of us are thinking. He has a right to respond. I am fed up with political correct politicians who are scared of their own shadow. Go trump! You can do it!
He really does'nt get how ignorant his comments sound.  Like a small child whining comes to mind! Whoever takes opposite ground with Donald gets all cannons firing back at them.  Of course media is biased.   aaaahhh poor Donald...boo hoo. Got our own problems up here in Canada, Trump will just love Trudeau, our topless wedding crasher Prime Minister!
This man is a moron. He didn't address or disprove anything that Obama said. If anyone thinks that the kind of mindless aggression that this man spouts, is going to help anyone then you are wrong. He is incompetent, riding a wave of discontent throughout the country spouting what the crowd wants to hear but not showing or offering Amy details on how things will be done. This man is in this for personal satisfaction he is narcissistic and the kind of person who craves power. He will never be a responsible leader. A man who's message is hate will never bring any good to anyone
Trump just seems to talk suite. 
He does not seem to care if what he says is true.
I wish Trump would listen to Bill.... He is giving good advise but it is falling on deaf ears....
Can't believe Trump has succeeded this much from how he criticizes, insults and acts like a child. Smh America...
trump has passion and can get deals done,Obama has no passion to laid back no fight in him
He will be the bigest loser ever...
*VOTE TRUMP 2016 MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN*
Vote Donald Trump for president if you love America
The said part is that this is on Fox News the worst news channel in the world
What a loser. Can't even address any of Obama's points. No brains, what...so....ever. His supporters have even less between the ears
He makes me cry every time something comes out of his mouth I am at least 5 times younger than him and I am about 20 times more mature than him
Did trump say he knows far more about Ukraine than Obama does? Wasn't trump the one who said "I'll figure out my foreign policy once I get elected"? This guy, trump, is an obviously lying slime ball.
Obama he's a good actor the way he talk he take his time talking making believe people he's looking for ways to say thing and so secure BS alright!! America is tired of the same thing we don't want another term of Obama so HILLARY, you don't FIT
First Trump says Obama is weak who let the Russians take Crimea and then. literally in the next sentence, he says it would be great if we had a deal with the Russians??? Talk about weak, they have taken Crimea and as a result we make a DEAL.. Amazing , how can the Republicans agree to this, Trump is a disaster.
yoo this looks very fake look for his chin it looks like edited
Trump never makes sense always jumping off topic! he's a fucking idiot! even O'Reilly cuts him off, he says ALRIGhT...then asks him a different question....insane! Trump is a fucking idiot!
don't believe it
Donald Trump 2k16!
this dick is a giant prick. he will get fuck all done. wake up n smell the coffee America.  this guy is deluded arse hole.
And Crimea welcomed it.
Ooooohh can you see your Supreme Court seat flying away barrack? Poor wuddle baby
Trump: "honestly... i dunno but many people say.... i hear..... and  i know things, i know so many thinga.....  everybody is dishonest lying stupid... just me me me.. i know all the things"

seriously, he sounds like an over- over-hyped narcissistic and buffoonish caricatural cartoon figure of a mad man. how in the world can anyone with a minimal rest of self respect vote for such an abomination?! whole thing has reached a level of absurdity that makes any normal wound person just remain baffled and speechless...    again, seriously WTF is wrong with the american people!!??
Bill called Trump unfocused, not smart and unwise in one interview. Rewind and pick up what Bill said. Then Bill went on to talk about the draft... Why? 
Trump was "viciously attacked" - that's all Trump does to everybody and he wants no retribution? What thin skin.
dos pendejos......
Viciously attacked? Everybody who doesn't kiss the chump's butt is "viciously attacking" him.
I never realized before, that a snake, could speak. Talking about Obama.
Trump didn't even know the Ukraine was already invaded by Russia... to be good at foreign policy, i'd expect you'd at least be aware of international events, especially when you bring it up as a topic of discussion and use it to attack your adversary.
VICIOUSLY attacked??! Really?  So who is the weak one that can't take criticism in a campaign.
You know Trump is badly messing up when even Fox News is rolling it's eyes at the Republic candidate for presidency.
Mr Trump, intelligent, Hornet, knows what he wants, but of course is sometimes you make some wrong, this Khan thing is nothing, Mr  Trump was wonderful, respektfull, and didnt attack them.
Journalism at its worst. What a piece of garbage.
l
how does a guy who insults absolutely everyone at all times and has actually said that his whole campaign plan is to criticize hillary, rather than address any issues, get so incredibly butt hurt when anyone says anything about him. seriously "viciously attack"? are you kidding me? that's insane, plus I noticed he never actually answered the original question. he was asked how he felt about Obama's opinion of his ability to lead and he "viciously attacks" his entire term as president calling it the worst in history. it's un f**king believable.
Many people says all kinds of bad stuff! I hear them all - in my head...
- Trump
How could Trump not see that he was baited?  Why would he open his mouth against the wife when it doesn't really serve any political purpose?  Is it really that easy to get a rise out of this guy?
Go trump, Americans have he balls to vote for him and not that Muslim lesbian loving Clinton
A racist president or a dishonest, cloak and dagger president? i'd go for the former. He just wants whats best for his country imo.
The Don
Barack Hussein did such a poor job that even the liberals have nothing nice to say. All they can seem to say is "but he had to clean up Bush's mess!" Enough excuses. Dude had 8 years. We have a 30% real unemployment rate. The Affordable Care Act has 30 million Americans uninsured. Detroit went bankrupt. Trump will be better than Hussein. And for those wondering how I got the 30% figure, check America's labor participation rate which stands at 62%. Even if you deduct retired people and those on disability, you'd still have 30% of able bodied people without jobs.
Trump or HIllary ....Charybde & Scilla
I can't, for the life of me, understand how anyone can find Donald Trump worthy of support for the presidency.
Trump supporters in the comments. I ain't supporting anyone, but wtf. Can't fucking believe it. I mean honestly? 

Hillary may be a "crook", but Donald trump is a racist, sexist, hypocritical narcissistic piece of shit that wants to fuck his own daughter. How are people actually supporting this fucking clown? He's like a five year old in a billionaire's body, like wtf???? Wahhhh wahhhh he hurt my feelings! Excuse me! Excuse me!
I have never seen a politican promoting such nonsens. Actually he claimd, that he would reduce the taxes, but has NO, realy NO idea to counter finance tem as he even claimed to extend the military budget. WOW is he shittig golden eggs?
Bernard Madoff also made great promises....
Both are retarded, Cremianian people are happy to be with Russia. Because Ukraine is weak. That's the truth.
Trump:  Very viciously attacked.   Maybe if he went to war he'd have a different frame of reference for very viciously.
bloombergs net worth is 45b USD. And he smoked and kicked trump right in the sisters. How do you feel about that? Tell me.

Putin will walk over trump so easily, cant wait for it to happen :D You get the president you deserve, you truly will. A sissy girl that is afraid of women?
fuck all u I pray trump becomes president finally someone who speaks there mind an gets shit done!
If any media criticises Trump, they are dishonest and failing. Poor man was "viciously attacked". Hilarious.
hes saying this  becuase obamas black and all he want is power
hes saying this shit becuase obamas black and all he want is power
hes saying this shit becuase obamas black and all he want is power
dude why you so angry ware you abused or something? by youre gardener..
They are both disgusting men.
hes saying this shit becuase obamas black a
He's really pouting here.  Poor baby.
The one who has no basic knowledge about critical issues, totally no awareness is... mr. Obama himself.  Sorry man, this is a, when not a loser, a criminal: messes up with Islam, China, Russia, his own population.  A total deception.  A big 0!   Give Mr. Trump a chance!
He is giving him so many chances to apologize for what he said but he just doesn't care...
Aaaaaawwwww poor baby what's wrong Trump did Obama and the press hurt your widdle feelings ?
How the Hell does this man-child expect to run this country if he can't take criticism ?
I was viciously attacked mommy and the pwesident hurted my feelings waaaaahhhhhh !
And you people want this to be your next President .
Gosh trump is an idiot know wonder he's loosing in all the major polls.
Yes you can attack, nothing is sacred. You might seem ignorant and douche but you can still do it.
This is your nominee, how sad.
Go Trump!!
Trump: I know you are but what am I !!!
I'm voting Trump because I recognise the problem of Muslim immigration. Feel free to call me a racist, sexist, bigot, homophobe, xenophobe and transphobe for stating how 70% of Muslims think being gay should be criminalised according to latest gal poll in Britain and how we will go back 50 years in rights.
viciously attacked? I don't see the scars, the blood or the bandages. You viciously attack anyone who says you are unfit (as if they have NO right to their opinion)....seems to me if you can dish it out, you had better be able to take it....and Mr Kahn did not viciously attack you....he just quoted you
this guy is straight out of a comic book ! Lol!
better trump than hilary
Funny, my first comment at the subject yet, but is it not the best example of a bully reaction. Do not see any intelligence in it - just simple reaction based on great, very sharp and very basic instincts...!
If this is a new face of American politics, so help us God.
Politicians don't want trump because he will uncover all of the corruption that's been happening for the last 40 years
why does trump always has the face of taking a dump....
How disgusted man are you?  Omg.. ..I never and ever seen ignorant man like Trump seriously.  He never admit his own fault at all. God!!!!! are you 5th grader or what? I'm sure kids this days could do much better than you do.  come on be a real man once in your life.
The NYT probably won't be around in 3 years, eh Trump? I would LOVE to bet money against Trumps idiotic predictions. I'd be richer than him!
Wow I always knew Americans were stupid just like we all in Europe think. But God damn what the he'll? u are not stupid ? u all went full retard hahahaha u don't ever go full retard. But America just did hahahah. I mean when your brain can't connect lies and a hypocritical person speaking and acting lie a child and never ever say anything smart ? ur brain can't see that. 
let me tell u. thank God u had Obama for president these 8 years cause people started to like u more America, but now u just lost all. U are bringing world war 3 to the world. watch it happen and remember me from youtube when I told u what was gonna happen. first your own country is gonna get fucked up. Then other countries like Iran, North Korea and Isis (not a country ) is gonna sneak up on u and then world war 3 is gonna start.  watch it Happen Please choose him!  plz i wanna see u fuck up like George Bush again haha:)
Bill "O'Really" is a joke talking head puppet for the Fox Propaganda Network. What a POS.
he still knows nothing how to run this country also nothing but whiny screw you mr trump
#1 he didn't start the war on terror he didn't start Iraq Afghanistan cold war been over dumbasses

I am pretty sure trump is Gay.
100% sure 
It's amazing how dumb trump is lol
Trump the Craziness dude ever!!!
lol just.... lol o'reilly is looking int the mirror talking to trump and what he sees is not pretty.
Man baby..
the kettle and the pot talking
Good luck to USA - they have "leaders" who fight eachother with playground bullshit rather than fighting for the actual needs of the people
I'm gone if this man child becomes president. All he does is call people names. He is going to start a war with his short temper.
This guys knows the best words.
Half or this interview he spends on telling everybody else lies. What a president.
What a moron. Can someone please tell me what "weak" means from the orangutan's mouth? Does this moron who claims to have vast knowledge of foreign policy but didn't know that Russia invaded Ukraine actually have any idea of what's happening outside of his head? "I mean, Crimea... The Russians took it over under Obama's powerful leadership..." Really? Another nation that isn't the US did something to another nation that isn't the US, and the president of the US was supposed to do something?

If I comment on every stupid thing in this video, I'll be awake for hours doing this. It's 3:30 a.m. and I have to get ready for a flight back to the nation that's electing a corporate whore or a damned orangutan with the vocabulary of a 4th grader as the next president.
Dunce = Dunce = Dunce.... If USA vote for this .The Lunatics Will have taken over the Asylum
Ya know I don't think Trump really handled this whole Khan family situation very well. He said the Khan family has no right to talk about him and his knowledge of the U.S. Constitution but that's indeed their first amendment. Then he had to point out the wife wasn't talking mist likely due to the fact that she isn't allowed to, even though she is but she just didn't want to say anything, and then saying creating businesses and being successful is a sacrifice.
Obama hillary trump! Is that the best america could produce? Like seriously that is ALL america as a country can offer their citizens? People are busy choosing their favourite out of 2 pieces of shit, no matter who you choose, you will end up with a hand in the poop...i bet if america had another choice they wouldnt even waste their spit on these two(hilary and trump) and trump is like a clown, not even close to being a clerk and people actually want to make him the president! Very soon the history books will say "United states of america "WAS" the super power at some time"
After Trump has been elected (and there is a good chance that this will happen) and a few months passed, I can't wait to see the faces of the people who voted for him when they realise what a grand mistake they made.

Unfortunately, at this point, he will already have created massive conflicts between all parts of the government, spent hundreds of millions of dollars on the initiation of ineffective projects and made the rest of the world enemies of the U.S. by pissing off virtually anyone in the world.
they both sound like two little children together...oh CNN is mean to me...boehoe....if my 2 year old behaves like that i would scold him
What the hell is he on?? Just completely incoherent....uhh bad ratings, losing mney, failing newspaper. LMAO literally none of that applies to CNN or the NYT. He'll say anything to dodge a question...the debates are gonna be good!
bill o reilly and trump on one screen and the devill doesnt appaer?
Donald Trump for President of The United States of America!!! Unprepared??? Our Country is in Deeper National Debt with Obama as President!!! So you tell me, who has been "Unprepared"???
old and stupid.... what can be worst. listening to these two will give cancer.
Trump = lying, self-obsessed, sociopathic kunt! Trump is one big braindead sack of shit.
LOL, even old white racist o'rielly doesn't like trump
I looked all over for the "attack" , I couldn't find anything. Only thing i found was Trump's comment about muslim wife didn't say anything. This all took place after Trump was attacked by Khan.
Trump is an embarrassment to the United States... anyone who votes for this clown needs their brain examined.
Holy shit good luck in the future if you get this person as President.
a conversation between Bill O'Reilly and Donald Trump sounds like two people yelling over each other.
The more he talks. the more we see what a pathetic loser Trump is.
if trump gets assassinated I wouldn't give a shit....better for my peaple if he does
Thrump is a total idiot He doesn't even believe what the hell hes is talking about.
Bill O'Reilly is literally giving a presidential nominee advice on "letting things go?" Did I really just watch this? I tell my 8 year old this stuff when she says, "well he started it!" I'm openminded about most stuff, but we can't be serious about having someone with the temperament of a child in the white house can we? 

He said, "the press blew it up, I don't know why." UH, because you're RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT!!! Be careful what you say, fool! If he says this stuff when he should be careful what he says, just imagine what he thinks and says in private!
I can imagine Obama banging Hillary..."oh what big penis you have" (she lies) "why thank you, i love screwing this country too"
Well it was his oportunity to show that he did now how to be a president, isted, he just isult obama back. Trump should have tell facts and his plan of action, and international afears he knows to show he does now, but no.
Im very sorry for USA right noe, you have to choose between, the mroon with the toupee, or the toupee.
Only Foxnews is still selling his BS. Obama made some wrong decisions, but he has taken America out of a recession, crime is down, he stayed gracious after all the Repulsive Party and ppl like Drumpf and other nuckleheads like The Birth movement, the dumbest theories from.  him being a Muslim, after attacking him about reverant Wright, from a Christian church (they can't seem to make up their minds), to Michelle being a transgender to him not going to College, anything they could come up with and one more rediciulous than the other and Drumpf made it his mission to destroy him (Obama or his team probebly told a joke about him, we all know  how funny they are and how thin skinned Drumpf is, lol. ), but the family always stayed gracious and hopefully.  
I don't need a President that scares the shit out of us all day, as if they are going to embolishing their sec. amandment to Obama wanting a 3rd term in office. 
FUCK TRUMP AND HIS LOW CLASS BIGOTS!!!
why r so many Researchers on Clinton found dead? 5 so far..??
vomit
he insults and whines instead of fighting back with rational arguments. That says tons about his level of maturity.
The worst president haha
aww what a little baby. I love how thin skinned he is its hilarious
Obama was/is fit to be president?  At least Trump is a successful leader and loves America....
Smh these two are ....  dumb
I don't want trump to win just because his fuckimg lips!!! when he talks fkn pisses me off!!ugly ass mf
My feewing hurwt waaaah.....fuck your feelings and fuck the clinton crime syndicate. TRUMP 2016!
3 more months boys
President Trump hoype
"Wouldn't it be lovely"   Again, 100 seconds of nothing...... What the hell did he say?  Anything of any value?
Oh my god I can't stop laughing when he has that serious frown on his face.
vote for trump
He says he has solutions, what are they? He never answers. HE WAS ATTACKED.?!!!THIS MAN IS DANGEROUS
A 4 year old makes more sense. I don't know what he's thinking sometimes.
After this statement I have nothing but respect for Obama, because not saying anything would be irresponsible
99% Loading Triggered Pussies
Who are Illuminatis and people behind Hollywood? We call Reptilians (The Jinns in islam)

Holy Qur'an:(Surah al-Jinn)
In the name of Allah the most merciful and beneficent:

Say: 'It is revealed to me that a party of jinn listened then said: "We have indeed heard a wonderful Koran, (1)

that guides to the Right Path. We believe in it and we will not associate anyone with our Lord.(2)

He exalted be the Majesty of our Lord, who has neither taken to Himself a wife, nor a son! (3)

The ignorant fool among us(Satan) has spoken outrageously against Allah, (4)

we never thought that either human or jinn would ever tell a lie against Allah!" ' (5)

But there were certain men from mankind who would take refuge with certain males from the jinn and they increased them in tyranny. (6)

Like you, they thought that Allah would never raise the dead. (7)

(The jinn continued saying): "We made our way towards heaven, but we found it filled with stern guards and a flame. (8)

There, we would sit to eavesdrop, but now an eavesdropper finds a flame in wait for him. (9)

And so we do not know whether evil is intended for those on earth, or whether their Lord intends to guide them. (10)

Some of us are righteous, but some are otherwise, we are sects that differ. (11)

We know that we cannot frustrate Allah in the earth, nor can we frustrate Him by flight. (12)

When we heard the Guidance, we believed in it, and whosoever believes in his Lord shall fear neither shortage nor injustice. (13)

Some of us have surrendered (Muslims) and some of us have deviated. Those who surrendered sought the Right Path, (14)

but those who have deviated shall become the fuel of Gehenna (Hell). (15)
"Worse president ever?" lol! Worse than Bush?? C'mon Donny. Are you sore?? lmao!!! Is it just me, but do Donny's mouth drives you insane to watch he words coming out of it?? Man his lips and opening is like watching two trains collide!
Obamas Regime? This guy is totally Nuts.
There are stories about this coming out now....      Khan works for the Clintons.  He has a vested interest in supporting her.
You Americans supporting Trump are just stupid...
Im not a fan of Obama but Trump is an utter idiot. He knows nothing.
He need to be shot
He knows more about foreign policy than Obama...really Donald?
viciously attacked??? If he is so butt hurt over a few words against him how effective can this tiny fingered goblin be in global politics. He gives the apprance of a tough guy insulting everone at any oppurtunity, then crying when he gets insulted back. Pathetic.
"I was viciously attacked."--Donald Trump Will someone give this guy a purple heart. He's going to be a tough commander and chief. Anyone who goes after a Gold Star family must be the bravest of the brave. It doesn't matter that he dodged the draft. It doesn't matter if he says a Mexican American judge can't do his job because he's Mexican. Paul Ryan what say you. "His comment was text book racist." Who are you voting for Paul Ryan? "Donald Trump" & What say you former head of the KKK, David Duke? "I'm voting for Donald Trump." Momma always said if you see all your friends jumping off of a cliff will you do it to?" What say you American voters?
Obama has been in office for 2 terms, if he was bad he would have been voted out,70 years old buffoon behaving like a 7years old
dude trump just says any dumb crap and he gets so much support! how does that make sense
Yeah typical of a child insulting people without thinking well he has already been beating by Hilary a woman he can't stand in the midst of other men what a shame
What this bigot OReilly means by little Muslim woman lost her son? take that all you American Muslims who want to fight for this country. OReilly would think the same about all American soldiers no matter what their background is. He thinks that all these soldiers are slaves protecting the ones that pay him to viciously bark nonstop.
Why is Obama sooooo sllllooowwwww when he talks omg it's like a hole century goes by every word, spit it out man, I keep looking to see if he has a wire on him getting told what to say lol trump all the way he talks truth 
he said his Vietnam was not catching STD well John McCain got captured and when they told John McCain he could leave because he was the son of a famous General he said no because he wasn't going to let his boys down in this  bitching saying 
he was busy having parties and then he has the nerve to make fun of John McCann
I hope Trump takes down the media, lies and propagander day after day. It needs putting a stop to.
he is a racist and a bully and a pedophile and his wife a gold digger and he came into the country illegally and 1985 and she came in with the VISA and she started working and 1986 but you got her legal yeah his wife was in the Times magazine for nude
so because they talk bad about him he has really bad ratings so is he says racist mean hating childish to get good ratings I want just to be on TV he's doing the same th
Trump's like a little kid kids on Medifast doesn't really know what's going on I mean I'm surprised people are so retarded that they're actually going for him I know people are dumb but that dumb
Obama is so full of #@%&!! He sickens me with all his BS. Does he sit in front of the mirror all day and practice his poise and oracle? Apparently this is very important to him.
Trump is a triumph of self-determination and common-sense over pretentious 'liberalism.' Too many mistake common-sense for lack of education- you can thank the dumbed down education system for that.
Trump didnt even answer the question when asked to ignore the gold star family,  he just started talking about what already happened compared to what was asked, he didnt answer the question, he switches the topic by talking a lot and confusing someone, trump is a complete dumbass as obvious, so is clinton but at least Clinton wont blow up mexico over a fucking wall, trump would tweet the whole time and not confront them, Obama was literally one of the best presidents ever tbh, socially he connected to the people
Vote Trump for prosperity and world peace!
Triggered
Obama may be the 2nd worst president four years from now...
Bill tried explaning it to him , but trump still doesn't understand.
Trump belongs in the zoo as the first ever shit talking orangutan! LOL!!!!!
So according to him everyone who criticizes him is terrible, weak, going broke, lying and the worst thing to happen to America.
i think donald trump is saying all this nonsense is because obama back in 2011 or 2012 or '13 roasted donald at the annual dinner badly.
Donald stop whining, you know he was just kidding. Mic drop.
Obama is wise, DON'T TALK SHIT ABOUT OBAMA TRUMPSTER
Bill you are a coward!
Trump didn't bring her into it, they did when they put her on stage.
all we can is ridicule this buffoon and cry for the dignity of this fucked country that is the usa
....ole......Sourpuss..........starts to look like the oldest crabbiest cat in the Off-Off-Boradway revival of Cats.........
DONALD DUMP HAS A SMALL PENIS!
Obama need to shut the fuck up. 8 years in office and nothing has changed.
Obama can't even say 3 words without blanking or going "uhh" "UHHH"
The truth is many people that say they want an "outsider" in Washington, really don't... what they really want is a person that speaks with a silver tongue and gets along with everyone... a likable person who embraces his competitors and plays along. Unfortunately, what many fail to realize is these characteristics are what define a good politician (all sales, no substance).

Trump is a true outsider... he's the only candidate that will actually get something done.  I don't care if he offends some people.
Trump is such an idiot that even Fox News themselves struggle to take this dumb fuck focus. The host asked him a simple question yet all Trump wanted to do was to keep talking trash. Trump is no doubt the stupidiest person to ever run for President. This speaks tons about those who chose him.
bill screwed up
lol
what is he  hiding in his tax returns...?
Adesubomi Adio-Moses knows donald trump is good
Obama is brilliant at lying into a microphone I'll give you that. He sits and pretends to be concerned. He is a truly egomaniacal narcissist. Not Trump, Trump is standing up for the needs and wants of the American people, not some self agrandizingf neo globalist fantasy.
wow, why is he even talking. he just Needs to grin and say, well so what.. fuck yall. it whoud be the same. he doesnt have to prove anything. just by sitting there grinning, Standing the critisism. waiting for it to pass. they argue about things, practiclyno one is apropriate to juge about, cause it is about things the public doesnt care, know much or think through. politics is something like Computer science. everybody is using them, but know one knows how it works, how its maintained, or programmed. no fucking one can understand what it is about.
Clinton in bush corrupt
Obama corrupt
https://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B004P2NG0K?ie=UTF8&tag=forex0162-20&camp=1789&linkCode=xm2&creativeASIN=B004P2NG0K
The illiteracy flooding this comments section is astounding...
wow.JUST realized that trump actually thinks that IF he says something that is NOT true and he knows is not true enough times it will MAGICALLY become true! YES...it's ALL making sense! i'm finding sense in the madness of trump which obvi his psychiatrist never did...
go to mama bozo the indians never crak they where fighting day n nite against the pilgrims of the mayflower. long live crysie .. 
"It's the left press that villifies Trump". Pretty much the entirety of this discussion. Trump doesn't need the left press to attack his character, he's rotten to the core and fully able to show it, whether it be talking about muslims, talking about mexicans, minorities in general, his general objectification of women, his admiration for dictators, his willingness to commit war crimes, humanity crimes for results (he mentioned doing worse than waterboarding and killing the families of terrorists).

How can you Trump supporters live with yourselves supporting a man like that ? You've been had. A fat rich con artist has pulled one over your eyes, and made you think he's the only possible solution when he is the problem.
You've been brainwashed into thinking Trump can solve your problems, but the guy doesn't know the first thing about politics (outside of how to convince people he matters), how to run a country, how to handle foreign issues.
The whole world is largely critical of Trump and in many countries such an extreme candidate wouldn't even be able to go a fourth of the way he went.
Like i said earlier, it seems only dictators have endorsed trump. 
What more do you want ? how far will you let him go until you realize what a monster he is ?
The rest of the world is laughing at America. 
How did this ning-nong get this far? 
Embarrassing!
Mr. Trump. I enjoy your candor and your enthusiasm. Please try to remember that when you're speaking, you're not listening.
I feel so sorry for you Americans .The choice you have between Clinton and  Trump!!! That said given that you had to vote for one of these two I would go for Trump as Clinton    has been lying her teeth off for 30 years or more. Check out Christopher Hitchens book " no one left to lie to" published 1998. then you will see what I mean .Jim in the UK
When Trump say, 'many people', which people? If you really following his crazy footsteps over the years, you'd know how maniac he is and how he become a fraud. He says things and the next day he says the opposite of the things he said yesterday. You want him to be the leader?
As a south american, i surely dearly hope Trump gets elected. That will finish this fucked up plastic government called the government of the USA. 
Now going real, i honestly hope Trump dies.
LOL! He's such a crybaby! 3:36! So hilarious.
Working with Russia?! Come on, Trump! Putin wanted to endorse you, even though he does not have anything to do with it. If he wanted to work with America, he would've worked with any president, not just you. And, the worst president? Yea, hahaha! Look whose talking, Trump. You constantly change your views, you are dangerous and manipulative, a racist and bigot, dislikes women, your wife is an emotional roller coaster. Served!
The fact that a muslin fought in US army and died doesn't change the fact that the Islam is hostile to western civilization.
Most soldiers nowadays don't join the army for the love of the country. They join because they need a job. This fact doesn't change if he happens to die in service.
1:37 they took over cremea sure but what does that have to do with obama? Or you're trying to say that you're the people who should stop things like that happening cus u're the worlds policeman? Doesn't matter wich current president is was during that event you have no say in the matter. Don't forget there was a referendum in Cremea and the people voted to stay in Russia. You Americans should stop puting your noses in places you should not.
Trump2016!!
The comments gave me cancer.
Muslim are shits it's true, but I'm also not support Donald Trump cause he need discipline.
I'm willing to talk with everyone to see their point of view, Please tell me why is he a good choice he has acted like a pretentious bad joke, he believes himself unstoppable and invincible, why and how is he going to Make America "Great" Again?
fox news = Lie
trump you will never ever get any closer to our president. out of touch
MORON!!!!
im french , and i find it hilarious how american people can support a clown like trump.
Crimea - Trump describes the sitruation as if Crimea is a U.S. territory, is that how the U.S. sees everything? As in, "all I touch to belongs to me"?
Guys dont bully poor Little Donald Trump. You Know he was viciously attacked. He Said it like 100 in one sentence
If he can stop saying stupid things he will win !
Poland for Trump. Hillary, Obama,McCain, Pyatt,Nuland, to prison.
So the Russians 'took over Crimea' under Obama's presidency. That's odd... I recall a certain Donald Trump saying that Putin was 'not going to go into Ukraine'. I marked it down, put it down, took it here, and lo and behold.
fuck trump
If Obama really wanted to damage Trump, he'd endorse him.
Orange cocksplatt crybaby, and Trump.....
Rich trash. Imagine being represented by this scumbag! Hillary is no better.
he gets My vote
Bucktown
Even though Trump is extremley rich, he wont be able to pay for all of the things he promised! He is only making America worse!
Trump will win
CNN, NYT=racist.
Didn't he actually forget that the whole Ukraine and Crimea thing even happened on another interview some time ago?
Can't be President and live on Twitter, bubba!
only a weak scumbag would  sneak  money  into  iran kids  are  starving  in the  usa TRUMPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP get  over  it hemales voting  for hillary bingohall
Trump showing he has a back bone and doesn't take shit from no one..funny as hell and spot on
[Scrolls down to comment section]

Shills, shills everywhere.
Thank you for Correcting the Record
Looks like Bill O'Reilly giving him political advises as if they are sitting at Dinner Table. What a friendly BS Interview!
donald old lad ,that idiot obama, a failing president only way to get noticed to attack you,he has been a damp firework ,no use at all.i wish here in england we had someone like you to vote for,best luck i hope you win
obummer when u leaving you scheming useless twat . RESPECT TO MR TRUMP FROM A FREE INDEPENDENT UK. FUCK OBAMA MERKEL CORBYNISTA AND THE EU AND LOWLIFE GLOBALISM SAME OLD BORING SHIT.
obama muslim for muslims and fuck the whites same as all these types put into power by dangerous goody goody 2 shoes lefty self righteous feel goodliberals. they love each other. we have many of these dumb lefty liberal feel goods in Britain as well. Obama is hopless he cant run shit cant run a brothel ZZZZzzz ZZzzz
The INSTANT this "Gold Star Family" stood on a political stage and attacked a candidate--they opened themselves up for a counter-attack. Their SON would NEVER had stood on that stage as an Army Captain. It was a CHEAP SHOOT at Trump that backfired!
so do we just ignore the bullshit that spews out of this guys mouth? What lows is he talking about in 1949? The stock market crash was in 1929 and the recovery after the war went fairly decent overall tbh. Thats not the only thing that was wrong with what he said, but he is CONSTANTLY making stuff up on the spot that is absolute bullshit. He has no idea what he is talking about and he didn't even give a good response to Obama other than attacking Obama rather than showing any sign of how he is fit to be president.
Trump is a narcisistic bigot, lying shithead, delusional victim, mysogynistic, child. He is like a 10 year old child. Anyone but Trump please.
Stupid idiot.
This is really sad. I thought that Fox News would paint a different picture of Trump. This lack of substance is really worrying me. He behaved like a five year old ... you think I stink ... you stink even worse. Come on Trump some facts to show that those accusations were wrong would've been nice.
Two turds spinning round and round and won't flush.
Fuck Donald Trump
fuck trump, i rather vote for myself
holy shit, he has no idea what he is talking about
what a pair of useless tools
Obama has nothing important to say apart from jumping on the propaganda bandwagon. He does nothing to improve US and talk about running the country. Instead he has lovely soundbites on muslims and gold star families. Trump is absolutely spot on ...Obama is the Worst President. Hilary is his cheer leader and 1000x more incompetent, lazy, dumb and ignorant and to top it she is a greedy sociopath. If Americans want to live in slavery where China and Globalists rule you then vote Hilary. The choice is simple and you need to deliver a landslide victory for Trump. You have nothing to lose to vote for him. What I can see as a foreigner is he loves America and is not part of the Establishment. I voted for Brexit and I think for you guys a vote for Trump is equal to US referendum of freedom from Globalism and NAFTA, TPP etc.
I wish we as a nation can have someone that we can count on to be our president and I am afraid that neither of them are people that we can count on to turn this country around.
Obama isn't fit for purpose: never has been.
Republicans eats McDonalds, KFC & Burger King during weekdays & at the weekend the watch "Fox News" in a cold basement, so it pretty much obvious they all end up as brain dead as Donald Trumpy Trumpet (Screw You Worthless Maggots)
does anybody just love listening to trump? not because of his views on anything, but because of how funny he is lol this guy is a true comedian =D
My, my, my. Such virulent hatred for Trump, from certain people on here. If they were truly secure and confident of victory over Trump, they wouldn't be on here, saying such stuff (which they're free to do, of course). But it's pretty revealing. After an entire year of being 100% wrong with every, last prediction they've ever made about Trump's political 'demise' (bar none), I'm not surprised they're so bent out of shape.
Most TRUMP supporters have an IQ OF 6
Obama can't save short-circuit Hillary.
Trump is a dumb ass liar and anybody thinking making money by developing land in NEW YORK 30 years ago from money given to you by your family makes you capable of successfully running a diverse country, needs to get their head examined. Trump is a cry baby who already senses where the polls are headed and starts blabbering about a "rigged" election...if it's rigged you suit wearing pompous fuck THEN DROP OUT. Why participate if it's so rigged? Middle finger salute to Trump forever. I can't wait til it comes time to start up (hire/pay for) the field offices foe the get the vote efforts. Called in interviews to Fox and crying about how dishonest everyone who says anything against you isn't going to win shit. Spend all your money   on your campaign Trump!
"I think he's the worst president ever"...lol. Bit of an exaggeration but it's okay, it's politics. But the philosophy of continuing on with your own point rather than dismantling the other party's argument is the same one hitler advocated for when running in Germany. Trump isn't hitler, but that's the truth. Attacking this family was retarded, attacking mccains service is RETARDED....stop fucking disrespecting soldiers who serve and their families... Is that a difficult fucking concept?
Donald "The Dump(Caca)" Trump and Bill HO'Reilly are two parts of an ASS!
Trumps virtue signal to the racists is disgusting.
"Viciously attacked" - Have some presidential composure! This is one of the greatest country in the world, not your cheap bargained kindergarten! Next presidential elections ought have learned stricter laws for presidential candidacy. This is definitely not for everyone and much less for lunatics.
Trump is the only Hope for America
Obama Huakhbar..was that the best he could do???.....devoid of substance...and his results speak for themselves.
I am going to watch this in two or three years when the New York Times does an article about Trump begging for change at Time Square.
Yeah, Trump is great, filing billions in Bankruptcy. My dog is a better businessman than him. He is as much as a billionaire, as I am the tooth fairy. He asked the editor at Forbes to list him worth 10-billion, when reality if you read further, you will quickly see that he may be worth 370-million, which is generous. He also insults the men and women that serve. What and idiot.
Trump has been called a pretty big liar, so is Hillary. Trump's statements are 77% inaccurate, Hillary 28%. Both ARE HUGE LIARS, but Hillary is better at it, it seems. Trump just doesn't seem to care either way.
PLEASE don't try and say you are smarter then Obama. That man has been the BEST President the U.S has had in many decades. YOU SELL....buildings etc. YOU SELL. YOU DON'T know politics. Your numbers are ALWAYS way off!!! You need help. YOU have exposed as a fraud, ALL YOU DO IS BRAG!!!!!! NOW the NEW YORK TIMES is FAILING??!!! I think TRUMP is failing....BYE BUY Donald...please get the help you need.
That was incredible.
can i dislike this twice
dumb ass could not even answer the question
Trump senior is a business man half the things he says is a lie.. Trump is a liar to thin of skin to run for president.. Smh
Lots of people arguing with appeals to emotion.  If you don't buy their narrative you're an "ist"
it's sad that people believe this man has the mind capacity to run a country, he only insult his opponents  with child like statements
is the same way people kill each other
how do you feel scare or die for it
problem never solve with the vilence you don t see nature vilence end up with
dt he is a joker
I might not like what you have to say, but ill defend to the death your right to say it.
Wow wow wow. I agree with what you are trying to say but look, by insulting them we will not get anything done, we need to have meaningful discussions about this problem.
his own party wants him to shut the f**k up but he just can't
men he became a demand look at donald trump
I cant believe Obama has sold out to the establishment ,he has forgot how much criticism he took when he was running for president and now he is criticizing a candidate who is not running against him,
"Many many people said this." -- Trump Personality #1 "Yeah, I said it an hour before!" -- Trump Personality #2 "All we did was respond to them...what's the problem? I don't understand! WHY!?!?!?!" -- Trump Personalities #3 - #7
Obama, the  worst President in my almost sixty years! what a fake! You seriously have to be one of his blind sheep to believe anything this despicable man has to say. Hope and Change! Every family will save $2500. on health care, you can keep your doctor. We are negotiating with the "Iranian moderates!" Obama, no end to scandals, lies and No Presidential behaviors! This country will elect another black man/women to the office. Then people will look back and not favorably on this scourge!
It is a fact that Trump supporters are uneducated
They should get a room! I'll buy the cheese to go with their WHINE!
so all you fucking genius obama loving, government teet sucking sycophants....answer me a question.  Other than the homo sexuals, the trans sexuals, and illegal aliens and muslim refugees, who has it better in the US since Oblameya took over 8 years ago?  The blacks?  Nope.  Whites?  certainly not?  the asians?  Obama doesn't even acknowledge them.  So seriously....who is better off today?
Did he knows that he cqn lose the scientist that was muslim and a student that was muslim he will lose anyone that was good at learning that was muslim trump think first
if trump was more intelligent and had a good personality like regan, i would vote for him
Fuck trump i votebfor obama look i love obama hes love baby wnd trump doesn trump say he doesn let muslim in his country
I would imagine how America would be and their foreign policies be if he were to win.
"Some little Muslim woman who loses a son", what a piece of shit o' Reilly is.  I wonder how this would have played out if it was the son of a white american couple.
yall realize yall are trolls right?
How about some tax returns Donney?
The whole point is that he's had a life in the public eye to grasp how things, right or wrong, will be spun. He speaks of his "right" to complain, not if it was wise. Even if we humor his claim that it was all unfair--by his own professions he himself didn't expect any better of the media. And with all that...he still didn't hold back.  It was obviously not what was best for his campaign. And that means, if when his behavior affects what is ultimately self-serving, he still cannot control himself.

So in international affairs...even if they turned out to be just as simple (they won't), just as predictable (they won't), and just as familiar to him (they won't) as the media whom he's had decades to learn to manipulate (yet still routinely fails)...well apparently we can expect him to do, not what is best for our country, but whatever the eff he wants. 

As they say, no publicity is bad publicity. That has been his only saving grace throughout his career...and this campaign. He can do the wrong thing, and still be somewhat rewarded (in the short run). ...But, unfortunately, that logic does not apply to international relations.
Wheres Sirhan Sirhan when we need him.... :)
First of, Wow, just wow
Second, look into the facts and then form an opinion, don't just go off of what bill orialy tells you, hahahahaha
Examples on how you came to that conclusion, in other words, back up what you say with facts
haha so his defense of saying crude and ignorant things about the wife of khan is that many people said it too. 
Read the youtube comment section, is this the sort of people you wana be repeating?? enough said.
There's a little bit of me want to see what America will look like when he's president...(im not American)
I didn't hear a response.
THE GOLD STAR FAMILY  THERE LOSS WAS 12 YEARS AGO ,TRUMP WAS RITE HE BELIEVES  IN SHARIAH  DID YOU SEE HIS BEAT DOWN WIFE !!!!
One of trump's favorite words, "honestly", he begins most of his sentences with the word "honestly"..... what does he know about honesty??  He's the personification of ignorance and bigotry. He has no respect for anything or anybody.  The funny part is that his supporters are mostly white, low educated and low income... they are under the illusion that, if elected, this narcissistic, egotistical and racist man would have their interest at heart!..... Really?  This guy has had a butler at his personal service for more than 30 years.... Think again!!
Visit Belgium! We love the city. Don't forget Paris. Such a nice place in Germany.
Trump is THE man. He knows way more about the world than the citizens over there.
Im muslim and i want trump to be president.
I think we can all agree: Trump's an idiot and Hillary's a criminal, and neither of them should be allowed to walk the face of the Earth, let alone be president of the United States. Gary Johnson 2016!
"I dont know about you, but when i get home and dinner is not ready, i get really mad"  - trump
A couple dozen donald trump sexual harassment cases begs to differ. If you want me to continue i will...
Don't stress fam. These dislikes are from communist scum outside of the US.
By him saying "...and i assume some are good people " does not change shit. Thats like me saying ...white people are digits and raciest, some i assume are smarter and above it... Wouldn't take so kindly to that kind of redirect toward "your people"
Go Trump , And make America Great Again! The hell with Hillary and her lying tongue. She is owned by the elite. She just wants the title not the job, Trump want the job and not just the title.
Obama, worst president ever. Vote Trump and Make America Great Again! Trumps going to build a wall and Mexico is going to pay for it.
I propose better deal, lets cut deal with ISIS to take out Russia. I mean, Russia is more powerful than ISIS. Makes more sense than that interview at least.
OMG!!! his droll... is getting so effing tiresome....!!
I wonder if Trump can spell Foreign Policy. He's a moron politically.
All these FOX News watchers... poor gullible people.
Can any intelligent Trump supporter summarize in few sentences, WTF that interview was about?
TRUMP 2016 We got this baby
how many children did obama lose to the war? how about the press covering the story.?
If Trump wins, you know all states will resume their anti-amnesty bills like Arizona's SB 1070. I hope they do and Sheriff Joe whips those ugly punked predators who disapprove they way we "do it" here in the US. This "wholeness" Obullma and ClintOFF are eagerly imposing is just freaking bull. After 8 years of Nobama brownies and blackies are far misconcepted lost than ever before. They won't give in to the case they're still not superior and ever "taking over" shit.
Trump will fuck up everything we've worked hard for..
trump is dump he is garbage and shit head
Bill shut your f**** mouth and Trump talk
He was attacked,where is empathy?? Why are NONE of your children in the armed forces???
when it comes to intelligence O'Reilly=trump
Where is the good Lee Harvey Oswald when you need one?
How does Trump happen because America breeds these people. A dog can only produce a dog and a cat a cat ...... America deserves Trump. They do NOT know world history and what people like Trump does to countries ...... so they have to learn the hard way. Sooooooo bring him on and watch the 3rd world gain a country and Asia rise higher.
Bad and dishonest press is encircling Trump viciously. You people of America do not sell your country for one guy (Khan) dead for country in war against Islam. He(Khan family) can be and should be honoured individually but we can lose our focus from terrorism that's coming from Islam and its followers all over the world. so do not think of selling your country to vultures (Islamists ideology) by electing Lair  and dishonest for your own country, Hillary Clinton.
What a numbdumbfucker, that Trump. If you made a balloon in the shape of the jackass, and poked a hole in it, the air released would have more gravity than anything he ever says.
Notice Obama starts blinking when he's lying.
Trump - unhinged and not fit to be president.
Are all Americans retarded? These two clowns are your candidates? Hillary or Trump? how the fuck did this happen? this is a joke and one day it will be addressed as Americas dumbest moment ever!!!
I can't describe how much I'd want to see this white boy suffer, bleed and die! Blow up the White House with him in it! Two ugly birds with one stone.
did i here that moron correctly, he said that the gold star family was paid by the Clinton administration to get insulted by trump and then fight back to make trump look bad!?!?! are you kidding me!?!?! how full of shit are the asswipes
would attack a "golden star" family. shut up with yo black ass. they are not a "golden star" family just because the son of the muslim family jumped in front of a car to safe other friendly soldiers. so dont act like they are holy now OBAMA. they not special, just muslims.
Watching Trump videos on YT all day, best entertainment I had in a long time. Please elect this man America!!
Polluting, Poaching Trumps
Vote for Hillary for your free college tuition ! Yay.
Trump aloompa don't know what the hell he's talking about an Obama was the best president ever
I thought Donald Trump was funny at first, because I thought he was taking the piss.
But the chap is being bogus after all! I am happy i live in europe!
Hilarious to watch everyone arguing about this idiot but so entertaining to us in the normal world you know the other world outside of America who think they ARE the world.
All bluster. Responds to criticism by saying Obama is the worst Pres ever, like a child. Trump is a pussy.
This Trump guy may have some good ideas.
all you americans who are supporting this Trump??cant you see he is SICK.
I CANT BELIEVE IT BUT I AGREE WITH THIS IDIOT TRUMP.  OBAMA THE INILTRATOR ZIONIST PUPPET IS THE WORST PRESIDENT IN THE HISTORY OF THE U.S. BUT I THINK ALL PRESIDENTS SINCE LYNDON JOHNSON ARE WORKING FOR ISRAEL ZIONISTS.  WHY CANT WE HAVE SOMEONE LIKE JOHN F. KENNEDY, ABRAHAM LINCOLN, SOMEONE LIKE RON PAUL.?  OHHH YES BECAUSE THEY WOULD PROBABLY WORK FOR THE PEOPLE AND NOT FOR THE UNITED NATIONS.  AND PROBABLY NEED TO BE LIVING THE PRESIDENCIAL OFFICE EARLY CAUSE OF SOME FATAL "ACCIDENT".
Says.......... he reads a lot.
We should get along with Russia........................... mama Mia
I trust and KNOW you are able and anointed to do GODS will each and every time, Donald Trump.
The funny thing is that Trump totally avoids Obama's criticism and just starts insulting him.
Not sure who is dumber and more obviously full of shit.  Liar bill or liar Donald lol.  These two are a pair that beat 3 of a kind! Haha
Trump will win, Trump is what the people want, and why? He puts the people of this country before all others, the way it should be. Another reason people want Trump is,he is not a politician therefore he can be trusted to a higher degree than the idiots that have been sitting in congress and raping the American people for their own benefit. Have you heard of anyone else seriously mentioning the fact that we need out of NAFTA, CAFTA, and all of the other trade agreements that hurt working Americans----NO, because they are reaping millions per day, and they don't give a shit about anybody else. Now lets talk the stupidity of Obamacare. We have a president who has made it mandatory that we pay into the second most corrupt business,,,,,,insurance(politics is #1). Medical care should be free for everybody; we can have free medical care without insurance company involvement.
IF SO, then why worry about what is said about him??
Trump be put before a firing squad !!  Give him to El Chappo !!!  Melonia back to the Milan Gentleman's club !!  Putin triumphant !!!   LOL.  America part of Russian Empire !!!  
Some people are very negative about Trump:)
Embarrassing he's an American... The shit that comes from his ugly mouth
Obama: I feel he is unprepared.

Trump: Worst president ever, weak.

Well holy shit, okay then, that escalated quickly.
Obama isn't even a man,  apparently he was born a white woman called Cheryl and he got a sex change and went black because he thought he'd be down with Jay z and Geraldo. it's the truth, Google "Obama used to be a woman called Cheryl", or listen to that Fatfuck Alex whatshisface. Trump is not only beautiful and strong but he smells like passion fruit and when he pees the steam has the aroma of ozone. he is the only man on the planet who can save us all, wake up people. China!
first thing out of trumps is a insult to Obama I don't like Obama but their is no need to act stupid  this why I'm not voting for him he had my vote from he start but this name calling has me thinking twice so sad to say but my vote goes with hillary just because every week is a new insult with trump.
Ask your self why would hmeray cut expenses on Defence ?because she want to pay Isis , and Afghanistan corrupt government , Pakistan , but not us ,she will not create jobs, she lies to get your vote don't you get it ?you stupid voters wake up unless you are welfare queen that I understand
Trump is disgusting he is probably the most ugliest person and make that turned around about Obama being the worst president he's probably going to be the worst president that we've ever had he's racist just because the Middle East has just a little tiny part of being Isis doesn't mean every person is it's like anybody who is not his not perfect nobody's going to be home so get over it Trump he's probably the most ugliest to and if he's all Races like that then why does he have a freaking wife that's not even right and talk so much s*** about this Isis stuff and and how they're so bad none of the Middle Eastern people can come in know what f*** that I mean that's b***** Pharrell
I hope Mr. Trump wins. We need to form an allegiance with the Russians. The Donald and Mr. Putin would be unstoppable. They alone, will be able to restore world order.
for God sake Vote Trump. he will bring our jibs back , he will not sell us, he will not give our jobs to others , he will rebuilt this broken sad natoikn that already owe. trillions to China, somoday China will come to your door and say they owns you if you vote Hilleray or Fucking cunt lier Hilleray. hilkeray I hope you be come poor and jobless , I hope we see you be treated like we are treated. I hope to see your grand chdren stand iine of welfare like our kids,I hope this nation wake up before you sell us a
wake up america Obama hilkeray will distroy our nation , they give out your tax ders to illegals, and Isis, and other freelodees
Vite Trump before your sold .
Obama is useless piece of shit.
Bill and Donald loving on each other...
Viciously attacked.... Smh trump is such a hypocrite
Trump is worse than Bush Jr.
those who follow eray are the king and welfare queen, illigal immigrant that stoked our jobs, Indian and Chinese that are busy stealing american jobs, killers and ex excicutioners their demo website mangare that leake the info to wekiie, the thugs that beat up Trump fowllowers, the cheaters that secret made Sanders giving to hilleray,  the one that agree Iran take our tax money , while we joess americans are daspretly looking For jobs, those that are Indians from India trying to steal American jobs , they already have thier stations in orange county CA called IDC, India Design Center and was stablishd and lowed by Obama hmeray to steal American Airspace jobs , those who are illigal, those who are thugs and drug dealers hate police. those who lime more money to go in welfare in the stare of CA, the extremist where khan come from, the Isis that love Obama , the Taliban's , the criminals, the dealers that take drug from illigals , the illigals that are here stealing our jobs , the pro extremist, the terrorist families they all stand by Obama Hilleray .  the stupit and dam ass are all Fir Hmeray and Clinton , don't forget among her supporters are the one with chip on their shoulders. FYI Obama hilileray been pouring money in Afghanistan government Fir past 8years and she will keep the corrupt government of Afghanistan for another  8 years .  don't forget I didn't TolD you so , you will see how hkeray will continue to lie , make mistake and she already starting to lie to your face about other stuff.
Trump Sucks
Obama is one of the best present ever mf trump idiot
I just can't believe this stupid trump fooled all this foolish people . He doesn't make sense ...!!! So damn . He and republicans can make a movie dumb and dumber!!! Fu this dude damn can't believe people support this idiot ass fart trump
Lol  this man  is  so  bad  just  what  a con  artists
I appreciate the opportunity fox news has given us. We can compare and contrast Bill and Donald's wood stain makeup-jobs.
Melania Trump has yet to clarify what type of visa she used during a 1995 photo shoot in New York, or what type of visas she has held, and when she obtained them.

The Republican candidate has made immigration one of his main campaign issues. Trump has made constant references to deporting all undocumented immigrants and building a large wall along the border with Mexico to keep them out.
Obama has been a disappointment so why take his word for it? Simple
trump is the best when on teleprompter speech & the poll raises up quickly
It takes a special kind of stupid for a political party to be elected into power, ruin our economy, outsource, violate the Constitution, violate our privacy. violate human rights. violate international laws for over 8 years straight and then decide to blame the next party in office for all the fuck ups THEIR party created. the Demos might not be "tough enough" or "lie" but at least they started making ground on the shit storm the Republicans created. stop blaming Obama and take responsibility for the shit you guys voted for. the fact that the GOP let our country get THIS fucked up should automatically disqualify them from voting. Republicans have got to be the stupidest group of individuals in our nation. they are the vermin which has left this country in ruins and now we have to clean it up. so keep your moronic mouths shut, stay home, don't vote, don't post shit, don't twist the facts, don't voice your stupid ass conspiracy theories and let the REAL Americans fix your fuck up. God bless America and to Hell with the GOP
Mr. Obama, are you really talking about government knowledge? Don't you forget that the people chose you to be the president because the other two candidates were worse than you. No candidate really knows what's going on until they take office. Thatta way to promote your candidate using your power. I regret to have vote for you. We picked the best of the worse. People need a strong leader, a man who will tell it like it is and will, at least, try to change things and remain strong (unlike you). Trump's only big downfall is that he's not a politician so he will say what's in his mind. At the end of the day, the man is one of the richest man in this country and did it all by himself. I won't be voting for him, but in between him and the other one I would pick a no bullshit man over a woman who abuses her power and is hungry for more
Trollnald Dump always squints his eyes when interviewed because he thinks it will trick people into thinking he is intelligent. When the only thing one can do to appear intelligent is not what they say, but rather some fake acting. He wasn't "viciously attacked." Listen to him. He's a weak crybaby who says nothing of substance. He just responds with saying the other one is "bombing" or they're doing poorly. When a person attacks the other instead of giving a direct response, that shows they have nothing to say. The NY TIMES is doing poorly? Right. Megan Kelly bombed? Right. Such a whiny little baby.
o'reilly with his shit stick stirring what's actually happening in the world
Who is this guy? He has done nothing. Weak. This President should never of been voted in. He was and is unfit.
obama is not supposed to be in the politics as president. He is a JOKE. vote Trump
Mr Tramp is the biggest suck ever. What a fucking idiot !!! Cry me a river and grow up.
Democrats today are masochists,  they defend all kinds of  foreigners, including Muslims, except for the American people.It's really unbelievable.Go Mr. Trump!!!!!
Thank you, Mr. Trump, again for talking over the press, making sure to get the last word in and going off into tangent while giving us a new definition to the word "vicious".
what a douche nozzle Obama is.  That arrogant prick did not have any "basic knowledge around critical issues in Europe, the Middle East and Asia" at this stage when he ran for POTUS the first time.  But again, there is another beaming example of selected perception by the left.
the fact that he has is not politically correct. i wish i could take my 08 vote back
Trump you are a fucking disease.
DONALD DUMP:  SHOW US YOUR TAX RETURNS.  WHAT OTHER LIES ARE YOU HIDING??
TRUMP is dangerous, leave to Fox news to report a this and give him air time. Shame on you Fox News! TRUMP has been given this information for Bill O'Riley.  Good grief, even I can see this.
another fox circle jerk. one scumbag forgiving the other.
FUCK YOU TRUMP YOU FAT USELESS CUNT!!
Can somebody please shut this stupid joke of a candidate up ?!
Oboma is a fraud .. he Lied to the American people , and now supports Killery .. I vote for TRUMP...
Clinton or Trump?   Either way, the US is in some serious shit.
2016 there hasn't been so many as other years American movies made ! Is that because they are counting on us watching these Kind of Serial's !? Because I dont think its going to work. Not at least on the 4-5% awaken people....:)
Obamas approval rating is skyrocketing !!! Donald is dumber than the DIRT WE WALK ON
DONALD TRUMP IS NOTHING BUT A FUCKING LOSER ! D I E
YouTube comment section leading me into a massive depression.... again.
First thing Trump says, "I think he's the worst President, maybe in the history of our country..." ....really? Come on.
Trump doesn't even want to win - no campaign on the ground, no discipline, just verbal vomit. The only fuckwits who take any of his shit seriously are on Fox Noise.
Donald Trump isn't worth the steam off the President's piss. He's America's joke on the rest of the world and the rest of the world is laughing!!! Trump is the most mind-boggling ignoramus on the face of the earth.
the idea that you find its OK to call pat smith a liar and trump isn't aloud to defend himself is absurd
Is this the Ukraine that Trump did not know Russia was already in Ukraine. Shame on you if you vote for this moron!
CNN SUCKS
AMERICA GO BUILD THAT WALLLLLLLLLLLL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Reminds me of DarkSydePhil
savage !
Birds of the same feather..
One main difference between Obama and Trump is respect and class. You can dislike Obama's policies all you want, but you can not claim that he isn't a great representation of America and will always remain calm in times of crisis. The thing is, I actually like Trump's policies and ideas, but he gets them across SO WRONG; you can't talk like that when it comes to foreign policy, and honestly I just think it's like playing with fire if we give him that power. Idk people, I think I'm going to have to vote Johnson.
The main job of the president is to continue to give this country's resources away to their  largest  contributors - Trump may  not be able to do this as well as Hillary surely will
everyone is worse than Trump......two dickheads getting hard-ons together......
I assess that even Hitler was more informed than Trump. And that is among the lowest I know. At school without money he would have just been "the dummy". Shame on voting an idiot to lead your country.
The chutzpah of this jewish owned simian looking Australopithecus puppet who is barely out of the trees lecturing Donald J. Trump about world affairs is unbelievable. We are living in a world completely upside down.
You Always Bark - Never say what you can do and are going to do...How are you going to achieve what you want to do when your own party is not supporting your opinions.
This interview just confirms the incompetence of Donald Trump. May God help us if he becomes president, he's a complete disaster and embarrassment.
Fuck Trump
When unable to defend against accusations, make counter accusations. Trump supporters are no better than Hilary supporters in terms of silliness.
He's threatening to pull out american companies from other countries to get more jobs for the americans will he be pulling out his own resort in Ireland too such a hypocrite how anyone could support it , many stupid people out there.
What flag is that on the right?
Stupid Trump
academic exemptions???wow...that's your comeback??  by the way , what sacrifices have you made? who have you lost?
He basically just sat there and threw a temper tantrum and said I know you are but what am I while not actually responding to any of Obama's comments...
Presidents should not be allowed to comment against another nominee until they are out of office. Its extremely biased and that is not what America should be about.
Trump and his rise ist the reason why the whole world thinks americans are stupid as f...!
Obama made the Carter Years looked good ! Obama should stay out off this election.
Dhib inad dadka u kentid baa rabtaa. Midab takoor iyo diin takoor baad wadaa. Sida ka muqata tageradada.
Nothing but name calling. What a child.
Both Candidates are the worst!!
It is funny, when the top bully, who always says, that you have to be tough on your opponents, and writes this in his book is a little baby, if some newspapers write something about him, he doesnt like.  Not so tough than anymore?  It is unfair? be a man, donald, the scene at the end...when even the fox news guy rolls his eye :) priceless.
We know that Donald Trump keeps up with news from abroad such as today's Online Daily Mail: 

"The poll score is Merkel's second worst since she was re-elected in 2014 Angela Merkel has seen her support plunge after recent violent attacks in the country combined with her refusal to change course over the refugee influx.
The latest opinion poll shows 65 percent - two thirds of her countrymen - opposing her open-door refugee policy. 
Many believe that the beginning of the end has arrived for the most powerful woman in the world. 

Angela Merkel's support stands at 47 percent, down from 59 percent the last time the poll was conducted for
broadcaster ARD

The chancellor has lost 12 points since the last DeutschlandTrend survey taken in early July.

This was before an Afghan refugee attacked a family on a train with an axe and a knife, a German-Iranian gunman shot dead nine people in Munich before taking his own life and a Syrian refugee blew himself up in a
suicide bomb attack in Ansbach."

What is it that the rest of the world is seeing and that Donald Trump is seeing and Democrats downplay because they have just have to be anti-Trump while posturing their Political Correctness?
Talk about basic knowledge hahahahahahahahaha Obama doesn't even know how many states are in the United States!!!!  Most kids in grade school know this!!!!
Dump Trump
The President has to consult with others and has to negotiate with Democrats and Republicans alike. if he can't get a clue that he was wrong about Mrs. Khan, why would he listen to you or me when it comes to doing what the people expect?? what happens when he's gotta politic for peace, is he gonna make them pay for it? I feel like his ego won't allow him to accept the challenge of being commander n chief
I doubt if this guy was ever a sane person.
HEY DH!!! Do you even know what the $400 million was? I was Iran's moneybecause Ronald made an arms deal and then shut it down after the bill was paid in full. This money has been in US banks for decades. I suppose if you bought a car, paid for it and then the dealer said he had no more cars, you would let him keep your money for many years and that would be OK! The republikkkans try to find anything they can to blame on the Democrats. The new one is the Clinton's wealth because everything else has failed, just like the republikkkans have failed the middle class. The rich keep getting richer and the poor and middle class keeps getting poorer.
this Idiot racist has no substance. just watch him with his ugly ass Yellowish face. he only make sense to his dub followers..
When the Republican Party picked Donald Trump as their nominee, they handcuffed themselves to a dead hooker. The dead hookers aren't Trump, it's the Trump supporters and the Republicans that are STILL with him! Maher said that a couple weeks ago, and how true that is!
Trump has extensive foreign affairs experience. Miss Sweden. Miss Norway. Miss Russia.
He was a puppet on a string.
holy fuck he is straight,
1) Trump claims he was "viciously attacked" by a muslin mother who was standing in silence because her son died sacrificing his life for his soldiers and his country. Viciously attacked????? Give me a bloody break! 2) He keeps saying how Obama's war in the middle east has failed when it was his fellow Republican (George Bush JR) that took the USA into an illegal war claiming Iraq had weapons of mass destruction when they DID NOT! 3) He also keeps saying that Obama has left the country in a financial mess. Has he forgotten the financial state that the USA was in when Obama came into office?.......The USA was virtually bankrupt when Obama took office........And please remember when George Bush JR took office the country was in the BEST financial state it had ever been in its history......And you know who left office with the country in such a great state prior to George Bush JR taking office? IT WAS PRESIDENT BILL CLINTON!!!!
why are there Muslim Advisors working in our White House?? We are Americans...our White House is run by Muslims???
Wrong temperament for president
If anyone says anything bad about him, he calls them liars and they are being dishonest. He dooms them to failure and they will never be successful like him. It is unbelievable that people believe he will be fit to become commander-in-chief.   So, ask you  if you don't want to be label liar by Trump, you must praise him at all times, stroke his big ego.  Unfortunately, the world leaders and anyone in a government position who do not praise him will be insulted and their name dragged through the mud.  Then, there is Fox News to help him do so by reporting it favorable to his advantage.  
By the way, has anyone found out how we are going to "force" Mexico build our wall and pay for it too. I supposed we will be going to war with Mexico if they resist us and stand up to our bullying. 
Trust me, it will not be very short war either with our neighboring country.
Trump is a narcissistic. dysfunctional, childish toddler.
Who cares what this Muslim Moron thinks, I remember  this Community Organizer did not have experience nor knowledge and yet he was given a chance, and speaking of knowledge and he still doesn't have any.  I like to know what the Hell has he built or how many people he has hired before becoming the worst president in USA, none this POS have never done anything except be a Community Organizer going door to door and begging for votes.
oh my god how stupid is that person! and how stupid must then be that americans that vote for him! god please send them a bit of brain!
omg was obama talking about his own presidency?
I know that Trump can't have the experience, the unbelievable experience of a Community Organizer that prepares you like no other job to be a world leader. Above all one who thought that there are 57 states in the US
All this coming from an " illegal immigrant" City Planner. Lol, oh Barry, you are joke. You are nothing more than a joke. Worst president in history.
All that Trump wants to hear is how great he is which in his mind is what makes America great.The moment you acknoledge his greatness that's when your country is going to thrive .So immerse yourselves on trump's cult of personality and become spiritually enriched! Get a nice  orange tan while all the scum in the world is being nuked for not meeting the skin color standards.Build a huge, fantastic, impenetrable dome , cut yourselves loose from the rest of the continent and reset its geographical coordinates and also  don't forget to set up an Invisible wall.Make it HUGE , about the size of Trumps ego and make the african,asian fauna pay for it.
why do people listen to bill or trump? they both have been proven to be full of shit liars. if you're an intelligent free minded human being do the research instead of believing this bullshit. stop letting them use your hate to get you to vote for them. if you wanna talk about a candidate just saying w.e to get voted for its Donald trump
i like how trump has no problem calling him the worst president and pointing his problems
reporter: your a racist a bully a sexist
TRUMP: i agree i agree
me : WTF
Obama is black and terrible intelligent, Trump is white and...
well I guess that's about as good as he's gonna get from Trump in terms of admitting he was wrong to go after the mom.
I'm from Europe. Must say, I do not understand how you can consider Trump as President. Trump is really all about.. Trump. Full of his own Ego. I see him continuously correcting his own mistakes. Is he ever going to admit he could be wrong with some of the things he said? He is trying to distract you people with answers that don't answer anything. Don't get fooled people of America! You deserve better..
Why doesn't  he produce his taxes? Don't say IRS audit because Nixon was in audit and he produced them.   Why doesn't he produce the record of his wife's immigration?  This from the guy who insisted on seeing Obama's birth certificate?    This guy is a con, and people are falling for it.   Talk to anybody in Atlantic City, he screwed them over big time. Hillary is no angel but at least she knows what she's doing.
He always gets off topic and he can't complete a thought?   He is an isolated person.   He never answered to anyone and he doesn't know when  to shut up. He is a child.  This guy is going to get us into a war because he has a big stupid mouth...
What a fucking loser! Hey Drumpf, hell is waiting for you!
fuck you trump
I have two questions for Mr Trump, 
1. Does the US honestly need him in this position? 
2. Does he "honestly" need to be in this position?
Trump should ask his Fans to enroll in Trump University .Lets see how Much Trust Trump supporter have on Trump
i want snoop dogg for president
fuck all these suits
Con Artist at his best!!!  Wait  till  Trump supporters t wake up and realize they have been punked!
the male Sarah Palin. Dumb + White + Privileged + Useless + Undeserving
Bill O'Reilly shame on you for rebringing up the Kahn story!! It was like , you know, already almost in the background and hadda' bring it up again, didn't ja Billy!!! : O'Reilly = Yeah, I know BUTTTTTT I just LOVEEE hearing you whine like the little bitch you are Donald boy! You know me, your 'ole pal Bill!!

P.S. for those idiots out, yes we know that " rebringing" is not good American, and I can talk English OK! But it sounds sooo much better hearing it coming from Donald Trump!!!! =)
Obama and Hillary are criminals selling out the American people and the whole world knows it.
Trump is such a whiny little bitch!!!!! Awwww Da President of the United States hawt ma fffeeeeelings! "I know more about Foreign Policy than Pres Obama does! LOL Trump: "Russia, you know, Crimea, You know Russia, like, Putin, like Wouldn't it be nice., wouldn't it nice, like, if, Russia, ** Oh I'm so fcking mad at the president for saying this awful stuff about me, I can't even collect my thoughts ** , like, Russia, like you know,  wouldn't it be nice if we can all get along"? Screaming on top of my lungs, "Why can't we alllll just get along!!!!!" LMFAOOOOOO Such a fcking character this Trump guy is!!!
Ohhhhh wouldn't be nice if we were older..... Had a Beach Boys moment there with all the Wouldn't it be nice talk Trump keeps saying in regards to the US being cuddly friends with evil dictator Putin, who Trump has a man crush on. Or maybe just a flat out crush. =)
Doonsebury PREDICTED the FUTURE. "YUGE"
obama has no idea what he is saying in this speech. he is obviously totally blank and just spitting out rubbish. 'gold star family'. yeah no doubt they have gold secretly stashed away.. gold they bought with donations from corrupt corporations
Talking sense as usual
hey asshole obama, trump did not attack the khan man gold star muslim prick sharia expert...khan attacked trump
I'm amazed at these comments. You so called smart Americans actually think Trump is good? hahahaha The world is laughing at you guys.
I just can't get over the fact that he kept getting of topic and the reporter was getting kind of frustrated because of that I could tell!!!XD
I don't feel the burn. Feel the Johnson!
At 2:42 the news reporter is trying to refocus Trump because, he's going WAY off topic!!!XD Tipicel Trump
This what Trump does, when he gets insalted he completely talks about a different thing.
Trump use less make up or stay off the tanning bed.....get some rest
Trump does well with bankruptcy, divorce, real time lying, paying low wages and getting him family rich.  Next scam...running for President!
Trump is a rich kid Whiner
How you people communicate!!! They even didn't listen to each other!
Dude fuck trump and fuck Hilary we all gonna die
trump trump trump
So trumps says, I want to improve our roads and schools, and he wants to cut taxes, how does that work? I guess we will have to take another loan from China or Mexico... Oh wait.
nice to see some balls on anybody associated with the POTUS... been a while.
If the DNC, by having these muslim war hero parents on, can so easily push Trump's buttons, how well do you think he will do with Putin? Trump is so predictable. He thinks he's being tough by defending himself against what he calls vicious attacks. This is nothing. Trump can't handle this? Not impressed.
Obama always defend islam & Muslims. What a stupid loser.
All I have to say is this what the "F" is a gold star family??I'm a vet so don't go there but is NOT every Parent a GOLD STAR Family if they loose a child for what ever reason.What about the Mom and Dad that lost a Child because he was a fire fighter,a cop,coming home from work as a Doctor or Nurse killed by a drunk driver by the way kills ten times as much as some one with a gun.The child that went off to school but never came home because a predictor kidnapped and killed them are these not gold star parents as well?Come onwake the fuck up people really
Fuck that Muslim cunt women!!! She's a whore cunt! Fuck her, & her son!!
Well said pig man . I agree with you
BILL O'REILLY IS THE FUCKEN WORST ANCHOR 

GO FUCK YOURSELF!!
Loser idiot
Really hurts for me to see a grown man lie...Obamalys...
Italian pussy is great. Once I was in Ravenna Italy  and this Italian girl who spoke bad English ask me if I wanted or needed some good Italian pussy, She took me to her house and after I eat her pussy she fucked me for the rest of the night, Super Tight Italian pussy, the best sex I ever  had
Pay back time Mr. Trump.  Are you fit to be president?  Are you 100% SANE??  from Mr President Obama who is a 100% American and not like what you thought:  1) Not born in America  2) Black (not intelligent enough to be President according to you).   It is pay back time Mr. Trump.   Are you fit to be President and Sane?  We do not think so!!
Ehh, Trump's voice sounds like a pussy. Gary Johnson 2016!
obama shouldnt critize anyone sjnce he failed as a president. no hope and change for 8 years
Obama must shut up and let american people decide who they want . 
People around the world endorse Trump .
Obama has  been ineffective because of the republican obstructionist Congress. Talk about a LIAR? trump (no caps=no respect)! How do we know when trump (no caps=no respect) is lying?... His lips are moving! trump (no caps=no respect) is a loser! Draft dodger! How can a vet give his purple heart to a draft dodger? He's a loser too! Disgraceful!  The prick attacks the media too! How can they support the prick LIAR?
sory but its the best of this shit voting story
for the record..trump is gonna winnnnnnnnn
yep...trump is bad but 100000000000 better than hillery ore facking obama
Obama will go down as one of the most consequential presidents in history.....and history lasts forever, Bitches!
Trump has the mentality of a 9 year old. He's a total Ass Clown!
Hillary 2016
I WONDER IF DONALD TRUMP KNOWS HOW TO SPELL??
Trump 2016!
Yes I take him seriously, Go kick ass Mr Trump
Trump is a narcissist, egocentric candidate who only cares about putting the TRUMP brand name out there. In the end, even if he loses he will have successfully done just that. Gotta gives it to him, he is a smart businessman to a certain degree but not suited to be our next president. Neither is Hillary, I feel like we should all jump on a river instead of going to the polls this November.
I don't care, I don't live in the US and I have free healthcare  
Wouldn't that be something great for the USA?
Donald Chump and his buddy Billy, both are stupid!
im for trump
fuck rusia and trump
What an con asshole lying every word and telling others are lyers! The poor guy had been viciously attacked? The only vicious one is Trump. He should be fucked up in the ass by one of he's bloved missile, torpedo or other nuclearweapon he loves and sent to space to be blown away as far as possible.
This guy is such a fool that it's almost a crime to even let the idiot talk. Just random bullshit for replies.....
This made me LMAO  Little whiny baby.
Yes... Let the bias flow through you
I know people who were struggling 8 years ago and are now struggling even more and will vote democrat.  Likewise, I know people who were doing well and are now doing even better and call Obama the worst president ever and do nothing but complain about the national debt.  People these days just pick a side left or right and follow it blindly without any real reasoning.
Well, if the head race baiter in charge says he isnt qualified, it must be true.
Talks about the bravest among us and calls himself a patriot.  Trump is a coward, respect the vets.
She should be in prison with Obama for treason period. If u don't think so ur domb n don't know shit about anything
Obummer is critisising and He thinks he did better...??! What a Lost Soul..! Thats wot happens wen U bend over nd do wot Ur paid to say nd Do...! Mr Puppet more like it
What matters most is that Nazi Hillary will drive the world towards nuclear war with Russia.
We must not allow this to happen!
Anything is better than that Muslim Obama n that crooked bitch .
Obama putting down Donald Trump is kinda like Ted Bundy putting down wifebeaters LOL
Wow that's such a shame. Instead of explaining himself and shows that Obama is wrong, he expresses his opinion and attacks Obama. The only thing trump is useful for is being a little 5 year old calling names
Trump......a sexist, egotistical, lying, hypocritical bigot. AND HE knows more than anybody in the world (oh heck in the whole universe) about EVERYTHING!! AND PARANOID as hell.
ALSO, one of the most BORING speakers I've ever listened to...repeats the same things over and over and over again.
Trump is a democrat. He is playing everybody. His entire mission of running as a republican was to wipe out all other republican candidates, and then hand everything over to Hillary. Wake up republicans. STOP listening to this lunatic!
Worst President in the history of our country??? 
Um let's see here, Bush! Nixon! Papa Bush! Hoover! oh let's not forget Andrew Johnson and John Tyler...
You know you're a nutcase when Bill O'Reilly wants you to chill out
Bring jobs back to America and Make America Great Again !!!
Oh Yeah, 
And please BUY my made-in-china Tie. 
For the sake of America. God Bless.
This ship takes on more water...Fools     VivA Revolution     Time moves on for everyone even ships afloat...jump on board,side-up with somebody ...vote
White people 
( continued) you must be born again , that means you must confess that you are a sinner and need a savior . Confess with your mouth and believe in your heart that Jesus died on the cross and rose 3 days later ( defeating death by the way ) and you will be saved. There are also other awesome aspects of your salvation only I direct you to a good bible believing church or another believer or wherever God leads you to .
THE MOTHER LOOKS LIKE A WAX DOLL
what a cry baby... , I was viciously attacked, boo hoo
Trump is absolutely insane. I'm not wild about Hillary but I'd rather vote for ANYONE but him!

What I don't understand is why you people believe this moron?! He's lying to you! All he's doing is fostering anger and hate!
Say what you will, I like the man he reminds me of me. Tells the truth!
To use the cover of your veteran sons death in action to pick on an opposing candidate during your convention is cheep. Its like seeing a mom holding/using there infant child during a street fight. Really low.
Listen folks!! It does not make one bit of difference who the president is or what you're constant bickering back and forth abou    T this worlds ills are . ( not one bit) we live in a fallen world and it will only get worse. What is important is where will you be going after you die . Think about it ? Everyone of us started dying the moment we were born. And why is this? It started with Adam and Eve and their rebellion in the garden . They ate from the one tree that God asked them not to. Hence the FALL. To make a long story short God the father sent God the son to earth as a man to redeem man , Jesus the Christ was the only way this could be done . All of gods wrath was placed on Jesus thereby getting us off the hook. God is no longer at odds with sinful man as Jesus paid the entire bill that we owed . Hence the term GOSPEL which means ( good news) but more precisely ( nearly to good to be true news) so what now ? SIMPLE you and me and everyone needs to either accept or reject this .
I READ A LOT! I smell feces....
two queens......
sooooo hilarious, what a moron!
He said nothing wrong in the Kahn incident.  NOTHING AT ALL>
The indomitable Trump, and the pusillanimous O'Reilly
I'm glad to hear him say there is no greater sacrifice than losing a kid since the liberal media made it sound like he thought his sacrifices were the same. Maybe he said it that way at the time. I do agree with O'Reilly. Stop being an idiot.
What a shit response
You said that Putin was not going into Ukraine when he has been there for over a year. 

Yet you know foreign policy?
What would be the future for the United States of America?  Both Hillary and Trump are terrible
Does Trump ever loosen that furrowed brow? He looks like a clown, and its made worse when he opens his mouth.
well I sure as he'll wouldn't want Obama to get a third term he was talking about it that makes me sick
If you don't complement Donald Trump he thinks it is a vicious attack.
I would pay so much to watch a debate between Trump and Obama
Woahhhhhhhhh I didn't know annoying orange had a twin...
I don't believe Presidential nominee Donald Trump can really say anything about lying, noting the fact that he provides his own 'facts' in every one of these so called interviews, all of which have no basis in any reality except his own.
He will get impeached if he wins. I'm not really worried about him
lol trump is always sayin "look at this.... take a look at that.... we gotta look at it.." lol like that dude Would you just look at that!
Trump is fighter and Obama is  puppet in the hands of wall street
Fox "News?"  Give me a break.  Fox is an arm of the Republican party, and obviously not an objective news organization.
Clinton is way too friendly with the Saudi's and supports ISIS.
And the fucking president is been qualified and what?... -  he fucked it all motherfucker up.
what about the Five star Americans that Obama has shit on right along  with Hillery!!!!!!
OOOOKKK
I hate Hillary, but I hate Trump even more.
Anyone who calls Trump on his shit is a loser, dishonest, their business is failing, no one watches their show... classic psychopathic behavior... When he loses the election he'll cry it was fixed, the government is corrupt... he's such a bore...
Donald Joker Trump!
Oh Donald, Crimea river... whining psychopath...
see he can answer the question and he never does, he is said. respond appropriate Trump. racist! and he wont even reapond, yes refocus him lol lol never that he cant focus lol
Didn't Trump say he wants to get out of NATO? Sorry if I'm wrong.
Mr Trump will be 200% worse President in the history of America if he had a chance to win the election,pls people,just think about it..the way he talk believe me u can easily know what kind of person he is.....
If he can't handle being "viciously attacked" at a convention, how will he handle if the country is actually "viciously attacked"? Is he going to go on Twitter and cry about it?
trump! keep being YOU!  Stop at NOTHING! YOU are the one to save this country!!  They are all against you and making it LOOK LIKE hillary is winning!  STOP AT NOTHING DONALD!! keep calling it ALL OUT
TRUMP RULES!!!!   TRUMP 2016!!!!!
Trump just can't admit that he made a mistake and acted like a buffoon when he attacked the Khans.
He should've focused on calling out the DNC for using a sob story to dehumanize Trump, but instead he chose to attack the family personally. Even IF Trump would be on point, that was a stupid choice strategically.
What if most Americans don't want H Clinton nor D Trump as their next President?!!! They're screwed big time.
Make America great, Donald! Do it by quitting the race and going home to bankrupt one of your businesses instead of the USA.
obamas only interest is in muslims, since he's muslim.  obamas sucks and needs to go as well as the dam democratic party, we seriously need change.
He's weak, they weak. blah blah blah. Thats all he fucking says. I wanna see him do better. This fool would be the biggest disaster in U.S. history as president. But I wont ever get to rub it in Trump dick sucker faces because he most certainly will not win. He has NO CLUE about politics. He runs businesses (most of it done for him by other people, the piece if shit just uses his name) , HE DOESN'T KNOW PEOPLE. Real people. He will send us to war against fucking china. And the damn fool calls himself a global economical savvy individual, but he wants a fucking trade war with China??? If we have an economic war with China WE WOULD GET RAPED. 

If youd like to defend Trump, I want you to tell me why he'd be a good president and elaborate. About his economic plans, political and policy recommendation. Elaborate. Be smart and specific. If you just say to me youre a liberal and blah fucking blah (im a republican) and im stupid even though I studied economics and know more politics than most you fools, then by all means, Lets have an intelligent debate. If all you have to say is he's a rich business guy and youre a liberal and Hilary is evil then go fuck your cousin and drink your beer like an idiot. NO Trump supporter has EVER given a real argument of why he will be a good president. Because he won't be. DO NOT SAY better than Hilary. That's your only argument.
As Trump's own ghost writer of "The Art of the Deal" claimed, "Trump wouldn't be satisfied until he becomes emperor of the world". If THAT doesn't constitute megalomania I don't know who or what does?
Most jobs that you apply for want a couple of years experience. If your running for president no experience needed!!!  Anyone can apply!
What a joke!!!
Who the fuck nominated this idiot!!?!?!?
come on california vote for trump hillary will finish our country off.
Mr. Trump stop fighting all these hopeless little battles...you fight the war and let the media fight all the other bullshit...doing this will ensure your victory....turn the ship you have lots of time...and don't whatever you do waste your time showing up on the Clinton News Network a.k.a. CNN
I like O'Reilly's show, but only because of the time slot and guests. I wish he would shut up and stop talking over his guests. WE--THE VIEWERS--WANT TO HEAR THE GUESTS, NOT YOU!!! SHUT UP!
Trump lives in his own narcissistic fantasy world were he is god.
Trump is so ridiculous. He just insult. This guy sucks, just see him, he's fucking racist.
Obama's NLP is so so annoying.
A gold star family that got almost half a million dollars to say all of that. A lot of people would say whatever for the amount of cash.
is this chuck norris at 5:43 ?
Obama didn't know Khan supplied Hillary email servers?! required all government business to Secrrtary of State use that email address?! Kham is most secere Shari's Islam theocracy attorney, providing Green Cards to Islamist's and Obama provides Green Cards to Islamist's more than anyone ever, and Hillary promises more?!
Is the Brooklyn Bridge still For Sale?!
Trump is a bulshit artist
Wow. There were so many ways to refute Obama's comments & embarrass him. Instead, Trump just says "Obama & Hillary both suck." He doesn't even bother denying that he himself sucks, so his reply is even less than "I don't suck. He sucks."
Trump does not want to be president because he will actually have to work. He is just doing this to make money from all the followers he has gained. He is going to make a fortune from these people after it's all done.
what the hell does obama care about the military. look at all the military coming home with missing arms and legs and they have to depend on privatized groups to help them when obama and congress should be taking care of the troops. hillarys ides would be to leave them there and let them die
What does  Donald read and watch?
he is the man! the more the media attacks him the more obvious it becomes he is our man! Love his political incorrectness
What made people think that obama was qualified to be president?
the muslims let into this country and other countries, they are the cause of the violence, how can they say they have a peaceful religion, their religion is false to begin with
Trump fighting back is part of his appeal, kissing ass to the PC left is exactly what he shouldn't do.  Quit advising him to do that, none of you media, pundit dipshits should tell him anything.  All of you were saying he was a long shot and would never win, and now he is the begrudging Republican nominee, so shut the fuck up.  He succeeded on his own, doing things his way, listening to you will just lead him to failure.
USA USA USA
Trump sounds like a bully trying  to cover his faults and spit it on others !!
does trump have some kind of autism?
"Viciously attacked"? He said you hadn't read the US constitution and made any sacrifices. Your response was laughable. I'd said having a truck filled with explosives driven towards you is more akin to being 'viciously attacked' in most people's minds.
Hear this... No administration is going to wipeout an Middle Eastern Country when the prime objective is to keep those Countries in a strategic position of suffering.
The following letter was published in the Colorado Springs Gazette, under the
heading Your Viewpoint.Look at the rest of the story  I am a Gold Star mother who has experienced an emotional week since the Kahn family chose to enter the political arena and attack Donald Trump at the Democratic convention. The ensuing media frenzy after Trump unfortunately felt compelled to strike back has been unbelievably intense in this election year.

While I applaud Capt. Kahn for his heroic service to our country and sympathize with the Kahn family in our shared loss of a beloved son, that is where my support for them stops. While they have every right to speak out, their actions when they appeared on stage at the behest of the Hillary campaign have, sadly, politicized Gold Star families. This past week, the Kahns have been on
numerous television shows, and their story has been heard from coast to coast. While I hesitate to further politicize this issue, I feel like, to be fair, my voice should be heard, as well. The Kahn family does not speak for me.
Those of you who are old enough to remember Paul Harvey know that its always a good idea to look at the rest of the story. I did so and suggest that those reading this letter do so, as well, so you can draw conclusions. As for me, after learning more about Khizr Kahns affiliations and the mission of his law firm, I found that it could be construed that Kahn used his sons sacrifice and his elevated status as a Gold Star father to advance his agenda in a very public way. I find that very distasteful. I am not fooled by Kahn sanctimoniously
waving a copy of our Constitution on national TV, and I can recognize an
orchestrated setup when I see one. Enough said!

Now, lets see if we can turn our thoughts back to the important issues that face our country, as there are many!Nancy Hecker
Colorado Springs
Khan is a con look at that woman she does what ever he says railly get her on the show I dare you let hear her speak freely ah?Khan belives the coran not the pocket constitution given to him that day for that show Reilly you aint got the balls her her on your show.
Obama the spin Doctor he atacted Khan?so if you dont agree with the bull shi-t its and actact on all sevicemen?bull thats call dirt politics they are crooks they will try to steal the election tell how you voted trow face book and others this way we will know if you were cheated.
"I know more about foreign policy than he does......". Funniest quote of the year!!!
Suck his dick already O'Reilly!
Good day for all USA Americans including Cherokees. At this point of time, why to criticise Donald Trump at all times. In the event that should it appear that you want to vote for him, it's fine, if not, then vote for anyone you would prefer, whether Hillary or Bernie or any other candidates if possible to do so.Why so much preaching about this election? Do you want a new candidate for a president or not? Simple as this.
when Bill O'Reilly from Fox News tells you to cool it, your in doodoo up to your neck
Trump is self absorbed. Obama was a pretty good president
Whiny little bitch.....LMAO!
If you vote for trump it mean you must ready to face more fucking terrorist. trump win the lives of american people in danger !!!!
Is it just me or is the media talking more about "the baby" then they are about Hillary Clinton's email scandals and her "short circuiting"?
HE IS THE WORST MR.TRUMP!
Wouldn't it be great if we got along with Stalin...???? Ok Hitler... 
Lies on top of other lies and covering it up on national tv.
Fuck that big eared cock sucker. Where has he been for the veterans waiting for medical care? He'd rather give welfare to illegals and terrorist fucks. He uses veterans to attack Trump. Fuck him. I'll rip his ears off and feed them to him.
Trump sucks, he don't know shit about being president
Trump has to be one of the BIGGEST liars in history!!! Furthermore, when the fuck will you idiot Trump supporters gonna get it??? this   dude is no way suitable to be President of ANYTHING!!!! Nothing but a cry baby who has to get his way! WHAT A JERK!!! And, to think this is the guy you people want to have access to nuclear codes??? Kiss your own asses goodbye!
show us your taxes mr trump.
I really want to punch him so hard!!! He is a full of hot air bully!!!! If he becomes president the apocalyps is really heren!
Wanker
Trump is right.......... we should get close with Russia, they are christians as well, and Putin also said he would like a closer connection with Europe and America.Trump for president.
I wish Trump would start leading the conversation instead of reacting to all the BS being thrown at him. He may be right but he does act like a child sometimes. Why can't he just calmly explain his position without immediately throwing back accusations? Mr. Obama is talking about being "fit for the job?" What were his grand qualifications that everybody bought? Oh yeah. "Community Organizer", whatever that is.
I'm hoping I can make sense of all this by reading the comments.
You Drumpf, are incompetent and a fraud and pretty soon even your dumbass supporters will figure you out so shut the f up!
Trump is a bully, saying lots of things that make you believe he's actually quite capable. Nothing is farther from the truth.
OOOOOOOO HE IS MAD. ANGRY AND MAD AS IN CRAZY.
World peace was destroyed by false accusations against Saddam Husain. Who provided such information to Americans? Remember preemptive war of 1967?, preemptive strike in 1982? The Irak was done by george Bush senior, George W. Bush and Clinton with the last awkward work of Obama administration with this shouting and lying H. Clinton again.  
The real enemy is a lobby in USA pressing for destruction of Arabs in the Middle East to make larger area for themselves. All EU countries are against, but they don't give a damn about it. America is behind every step and every lie they feed American public.President Carter described this in his speech precisely. 

Trump will change this and this is why all official press is against him as well as all medias.     
Peace could be only done with Russian cooperation, EU cooperation, Iran cooperation and China real cooperation. Clinton and all others warmongers wanted to do what they were told - WAR at the cost of billions and lose of American young soldier lives.

If we want peace on this Earth, vote for DONALD TRUMP! America strong again is America smart again. End of story.
a gold star family that was running a Jihadist website that he closed when it was discovered
Trump is really talking his opinion without a second thought, that's really entertaining
this nigga didnt even kno crimea was taken over by russia
like the great USA a bit of everything
Ps... Fox news rules! god bless America!!!
I cannot wait til that sour faced bellend who constantly  looks like someone stole his last cookie gets into office... The tv will be hilarious!!
Bill's probably thinking to himself, "I can't believe I have to shill for this asshole."
will someone FIX Fukushima please.. ?
fucking coward draft dodging pussy
O'Reilly is absolute correct about Khan. Silver-spoon Trump is backtracking on his insult.
OBAMA IS AN IDIOT......so is Hillary & Bill, Pelosi, Reid....they are all liars and political crooks......its time to stop the madness, and vote for Trump.......so the idiots want an imcompetent Hillary, and a staff molesting Bill in the White Houseto carry on on their self serving life.....you eat pork and beans, and they eat filet mignon at your expense.....what a life..........they are crooks and liars, and everyone knows it......enough is enough, and its time to get rid of these people.......Trump for President
Truth hurts, don't it Trump.
There is no fool like an old fool and in this case you have two old fools. These old dinosaurs really need to be put out to pasture. they are both useless flesh
Donald J Trumpneeds to step out and allowa more competent person to run. Trump doesn't the entire picture when it's come to Obama. Obama may have done things outside of butauthority, but every president has donethings with full considerationfrom congress. How dare Trump picks on people who really need help.
Amazing how Bill O'Reilly keeps interrupting Trump and does not let him completely reply to the points. Maybe O'Reilly just wants to interview himself. He is a very poor quality broadcaster/interviewer. Not stupid, just very poor and weak.
The Trump supporters are cringe worthy
7:07: "some lil muslim woman..." ...he really is a respectless pile of shit
If anyone actually believes a word this idiot has to say they are completely out to lunch. He can't help but to respond to every "attack" against him. He is thin skinned, pathetic, lying, narcissistic loser. Hillary Clinton is a war hawk and a crook. These are the options you get when all you here in the American media is fear mongering and doom and despair. Good luck!
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL 

Trump is a walking Joke, I love this entertainment.
Pretty sad when people troll YouTube just to talk smack with personal slander and vulgarity. You're just showing how stupid you are with no life and too much time on your hands. get a life trolls....smh
MR TRUMP is not just an impulsive liar and crying baby but is also Very Very Dumb. besides a VICIOUSLY CORRUPT. He only cares about money and power for him.  He is a same for America.
Trump is the man.
they exploited their kids death on national TV" for a few bucks im sure"  if anything this was an attack on how low the Democrats will go
he fell for freedom, and our way of life. He was  an American solder... not a billboard  for a political party!
I agree with that 100% they shouldn't   be on any Republican  or democratic   issue when it comes to fallen honor.
Trump is the 2nd all time biggest ignoramus of all time. Tied for first are all the gullible simpletons and uneducated idiots who actually believe anything Trump says, and honestly think he cares about their welfare. They should all write a book about what makes them so wicked stupid, but because it's doubtful most of them can read or write, that's never gonna happen.
I believe he ment that they shouldn't use their fallen sons honor  as a political  attack platform.
This is not your real hair Donald we want the truth!
This video is important for one reason, Trump said himself that he was "Viciously Attacked" and had to respond.  This shows that he is almost incapable of holding his actions when provoked like a child without discipline.  Now escalate this to a larger scale and imagine he is provoked as president by China or Russia or Middle East in a chess like checkmate standoff where he can not win with bullying words...  I think Trump had the win but he was cleverly led into a game of exposing his faults (ego and all that goes with it)  and sabotaging himself and now we are all going to have to have the Hillary...
Bill finally has a guest who is longer winded than he is. "Whiny little bitch"
Love how Liberals like to avoid facts and jump to conclusions!
And one thing I totally agree with Trump is that Obama is one of the worse presidents!
Jesus, one minute Trump wants to get rid of NATO and the next second he's talking about working with them against ISIS.
Trump is stupid and he needs to stop riding Putin's Dick
sexiest and racist  Donald trump is better then  E-mail deleting Hillary Clinton........ Go Donald Trump
Please for the love of God Donald just shut your mouth and listen for a minute. I know your being attacked Oreilly knows your being attacked. He is trying to tell you slow down. Not stop debating just choose your opponents more wisely. I don't want Hillary is president because let's face it no one could more of a same old government spokesmen. I want Trump for one reason and that is to shake Washington up. Honestly will he be a good president I have no idea will he make even those who don't necessarily identify with their parties way of thinking be more open I believe so. We have tried the same old thing for years while it did bring us highs it also brought incredible lows. Their is one person in this race that will tell you the truth and that America isn't the greatest country in the world anymore. We aren't even close and we need someone in office without the blinders on who may not fix everything but will at least provoke and honest conversation.
If Trump will be elected, there will be no more elections in the USA any more in the future. He will install dictatorship, "BELIEVE ME". Listen to his language, talking like a Nazi. No wonder why they are recognizing him now and start endorsing him.
Trump is a great businessman, he expertly melds B.S. and some half truth together that unless you listen to him carefully, you'd think he'd sounds like an expert.
ARREST TREASONOUS OBAMA AND PUT HIM AWAY FOR THE REST OF HIS LIFE
some one who doesnt know would be obama!  trump is ganna hit a home run here i have a feeling, if Clinton wins, that country is going to shit real quick.
Muslims in America are not behaving the same of the others in the Middle East because of the influence of the culture shaped by Christianity which has been developed in the US by hundreds of years, but just let the Muslims grow and the US will be in a dangerous situation. Muslims will want to apply sharia law and all these awful things against human being. Please people, wake up, dont be naive. Its about love each other but also its about unmask the falsity and the lies.
How did anyone vote for this guy?  America is becoming an idiocracy.
How are those polls doing? Lol
Trump the racist & a jackass stupid ass m'therfucker dat is clueless about the job he seeks dumb stupid idiot dat can't even take a criticism. loud mouth fool answer d damn question dey ask u & stop making it abt odas
Diddn't Obama Double the National Debt and Double Black poverty, Double Black unemployment, Double Health Insurance premiums. Barry Soetoro/Frank Marshall Davis II will goes down as one of the worst presidents ever
leave it to you two bigots. trump, once again you missed the opportunity to use good information to improve your chances of not wasting more time on the presidency position that you claim you're ready for. But if you had used the information publicly, and acknowledged that you did, would make you a normal and better person. But noooo hold onto the idea that you are the best at everything, even though secretly you'll come around to changing things that you fail in. 6th grade level tactics.
STFU trump!
lol. this trump dude keeps showing stupidity. poor trump supporter.
Damn, this guy is an idiot.
stupid americans will regret having this ass
Obama is a piece of excrement. How DARE he say these things when he won't even salute our troops or put his hand over his heart for the national anthem?
I couldn't make it through the video... everything that comes out of that clowns mouth is bull shit.
Trump saying that Obama was the worst president, when deficit of USA got from 10% to 3%, just says Trump lies as easly as he breeds. Not trustworthy Trump. USA cant have a president that only "quality" is talking shit about everyone
Make America Great again!
hillary  clinton is going down and donald trump is going up!
how did everone get so damn stupid in this country over 1 generation I'm only 30 and I'm just disappointed man I hope Trump gets president take some fucking corruption out lock HILARY up
"Just remember, I was vacuously attacked!"
In a way that is true,
But prove to me that you did not viscous lay attack somebody yourself?
fuck your God's
you shouldn't blame Trump this dad should have never politicize his son death and disrespected his son period. his son is a hero his dad is a Muslim non loving American bitch sorry Trump is right and don't you Democrats forget HILARY and OBAMA both support the war they are more to blame then Trump idiots
I can't even watch this. Trump is a piece of trash that deserves the treatment all trash deserves: throw it into the garbage can. He is mentally, intellectually and emotionally unworthy to be govern anything.
Fact Check... Trump's mangina is hurt.
Hahah..This fool...This is the worst president..I know  more about foreign policies..haha..wow this fool just rambles...So even Bill tries to help him threw his Krazy.haha..This idiot is on a MELT down!He Speaks very well???hahahaha...This is every idiot douch in all those 80's films...I read alot...I watch alot..Wow..Almost half of this country believes in him...THE SADDEST TIME IN POLITICS
Fuck it. I will keep voting Obama.. Cuz Donald trump keep lying lord help..... Cuz Donald trump racing Obama
We have people in office as bad as they have been in our country's history. We have the enemy within as POTUS. We have media backing up the dishonesty and we are entertaining the most corrupt couple in American history for the highest office in the land. We have no opposition leadership. We are in the ditch and dying. Trump is our only option. If he doesn't do what he promises, we are screwed and the USA is no more. If Hellary and Bill shoehorn themselves back in, kiss this country goodbye.
O'Reilly has to refocus Trump...hahahahahahahahahahahaha
Shove it Trump.
Re move him
This will probably be the epitaph of Adolf trumps entire campaign "The Ninth Circuit noted: "As the recent Ponzi-scheme scandals involving onetime financial luminaries like Bernard Madoff and Allen Stanford demonstrate, victims of con artists often sing the praises of their victimizers until the moment they realize they have been fleeced."Lies and half truths, saying anything to get ahead. a pathological liar.
Kicking Adolf out now
Obama is a treasonous enemy piece of SHIT. Fox BS News is the enemy too.
Obama suck
O'Reilly & Trump---a real pair of Aces, er, I mean assholes.  They are both liars and have been caught out on many occasions.  Obama has not been our worst President...that honor could go to Nixon, Reagan or Bush the 2nd.  All three oversaw stupid and expensive 'wars' and got policies through that helped destroy the middle class while enriching those already rich.  Trump would further bankrupt this country...ask his investors in Atlantic City.
Trump not Hillary  Hillary for prison.
I hate u Trump
Hell he must be doing something right if he pisses everyone off this much.
"Wouldn't it be wonderful thing if you had a President with friends in the Russian mob?"
a pathetic piece of a pathetic man interviewed by a pathetic journalist in a pathetic network
It would be so wonderful to team up with that evil, Christian nation called Russia! The country that has saved Europe in the past.
this guy donald trump is a two face and hypocrite even his wife is illegal but she worked her way in the porn business and even married it too now it's true and shows he is a dumbass
trump is abetter man than  obmaa  meshould look in  the mirror trump, its a rigged people we listen to anything.
Obama speaks so slowly...
Imam Obama is the worst president we have ever had. I hate everything about him, even his stupid lisp.
can't wait till he dies and watch the family scramble over what he left behind that will be the True Legacy of Donald Trump
These wars are nothing more than dirty politics. Wake up America.
What bout this?
ALLAHU AKBAR 
respond if you're  a man






NIIGGGGAAA
that good old white man ruling the world shit is over in America the new America consist of people that were once slaves that are nut-free oppressing the ones that once enslaved them
hitlery wants more Islamic terrorist immigrants. Does she even care about or remember 9/11???
Trump should use logic when responding to people like Kahn.  Here is a parent defending the candidate who knowingly lied the Americans into a war over WMD's that did not exist. Kahn's son died for nothing.  If Kahn were an honest spokesman and not a democratic shill his outrage would be directed at Hillary not Trump
Love this guy!!! He doesn't take any shit from anyone. This is one reason he would make a great president. We need someone in office to make a huge difference for the better of this country. Since Obama, the U.S. has been walked all over, taken advantage of, and simply has gone downhill. I would love to see a man with a backbone in charge of this country.
maybe you mashad and Ryan can all suck each others Hillary.
Wayne Anderson.  you are one stupid fuk.  one stupid fuk indeed!
Everyone I know laughs their heads off talking about Donald Trump getting assassinated as President.
American politics is so funny.
Non of this  IDIOTS have any idea about the problems between Russia and Ukraine and why Crimea was taking over!!! 1. Crimea was given to Ukraine as a gift during Soviet Union 
2. in Ukraine leave to many Russians. the problem starts when Ukraine got divided one half wanted to go and be part of Europe and the other wanted to go back to Russia non of this people was in power. Ukraine  was with Russia but the group who wanted to be part of Europe they have plans already take the presider out and put someone that they can control the main reason is to stop buying gas and oil from Russia and start business with Qatar and for this they needed Ukraine land to Run a pipe line From Qatar thru Crimea and into Europe do to the circumstances Putin Decide to Defend all the Russian citizen from this non government group and stop there intentions so he take Crimea back because when they give to them there was no papers sing or anything saying this Crimea that is a bout the sizes of Texas was part of Ukraine.so when he send troops he was not attacking  Ukraine but tho group that wanted to be part of Europe and Ukraine Gorverment cant't control. than USA and Europe decide to go against Russia and start putting sanctions cut the business between Russia and Europe or USA the intention of USA was to cut all the food imports to Russian what Russia did is to start producing everything  locally  they have touch land for agriculture on the south that they have good whether. that they try to make them week with the Currency the dollar went up and the Ruble went to the ground when this happen Putin plays his cards very well he stay down and all the foreign companies enter in panic and start selling than Putin Buy them off for pennies and kick them off it looks like the more harm  USA want to do to Russia is useless. it just funny all the media how is manipulated by the government to sell us lies. i was living in Russia for the last 10 years.
maybe you and mashud can suck each others Hillary.
Ryan ..I don't think anyone really gives a shit what u think.  could u just fuk off>>>> over there, that'd be great!
Trump and O'Reilly. Hahaha. A fucking joke.
Future ck trum ue aint she he borrowed money from his dad
I feel sorry for Trump.
hes a dumbass
this guy is not going to be president
fuck Russia
i hate liars
i have afucking problem with obama trunp and hillary
looking so funny... white fuck.
trump is not going to be President get over it
Obama is right. Trump should stick with what he knows. Politics is not it. He has no compassion or sense of decency Mud slinging is all I have heard from him. No plan just hate. This is a joke...
GO TRUMP!
Well look at this fucker he is so pissed i think obama is right and holy fuck if trump is elected to be a president i jump off a clif
Fuck this coconut head Obama. Trump is the only one who can make this country great again.
Retard... This is not an election to choose one president but to not choose one. Trump is a danger seldom seen before. Even though Hillary isn't the best, she is far better than this egomaniac.
Ahaha, Trump does not look amused. Not one bit!
Trump is falling apart and making his worshippers look like DINKS. Trumps worshippers are good for entertainment, now entertain me or shut the fuck up.
trojan horse obammys been unfit since day 1 !
Trump was attacked and he has  the right to fight back. This whole Gold Star family bullshit is ridiculous when you kiss the ass of the person who voted for the unnecessary war that got your son killed. What dumbass would be kissing Hillary Clinton's ass if she is the fucking war hawk? That's why I'm voting for Trump cause good is good and bad  is bad with him. You don't  see these ridiculous situations where criminals get away scott free and you can rig elections in front of everybody like you see with crooked Hillary..
yes trump is straight forward, but i saw talking talking talking like a bitch! you are making US a playgroung for world war! fucking retarded! GOD BLESS AMERICA
I am shocked this man is running for president im from Australia and im worried i may have to build my self a doomsday bunker
So, instead of explaining or defending his behavior re: the Khans, he attacks Obama... Hmmmm....
Look at that pouty boy expression. Poor Donald; people don't appreciate you. But it'll be OK. Daddy will get you a candy bar.
Trump 2016 
Dinesh nailed the demorat party exactly, a criminal organization, much the same as any other organized crime mob.
Actually that would make the world great again.... nice and peaceful. keep the white devils in shitty europe where they belong.let them stay there until they kill thierselves with thier treacherous evil ways!....Fuck trump and fuck hillary and fuck white people!Go back home ur not welcome in america.Arabs asians and any other race is welcome but u...ur garbage go back home and hopefully u kill yourselves off like you try to do with every other race u pieces of fucking garbage!
You get this whole, "The sky is falling!" pandemonium from the press whenever Trump opens his mouth, but then- often, though not always- if you go and watch and listen to him and take into account the full context, it's not such a big deal. Sure he can say some outrageous things and put his foot in his mouth, but that is what you get from someone who speaks freely and doesn't have every word scripted for maximum political return. What his campaign has done marvelously thus far is force the press to demonstrate their extraordinary bias to such a level that only the homogenous of minds can ignore it: he can do no right and Hillary, who is a walking scandal, can do no wrong.
LMAO trump dumb
"I was viciously attacked, Bill" - he is such a whiny little baby. It's really hilarious to watch from an outsiders perspective. Good riddance, what a whiny little twat
trump is a fuck tard. he claimed putin was not going in ukraine but yet he say well yeah putin is there already. fuck trump. trump is a dumb fuck
He tries to dodge responsibility for his comments about Mrs. Kahn by saying "many many people are saying these things". 1) Who are these many many people? Bloggers? reddit warriors? Legitimate political analysts? 2) Even if many people are saying things like that, that doesn't give a presidential candidate the right to just say it. If his comments are based on what the masses think and not from careful consideration about the situation then his leadership will be based purely on the impulses of the mob. He is and always will be just a huckster.
"I believe I know more about foreign policy than him" - really? More than the president (good or bad) of 7 years? That is so laughably ridiculous the interview could've ended there.
Trump should be set in front if a firing squad in a very public place and shot to death for disrespecting our CIC! In NO OTHER COUNTRY would he get away with this shit. He is such a dumb shit!
Al franken Destroyed you with FACTS bill...He wrote books on how much of a snake o'rielly is...This is the funniest fuking interview ever!To ego maniacs acting like victims!hahha 2 of The scuzziest of humans ever to be on television...FACT!
Lots of clueless Americans . Obama spent more money than all the US presidents put together.. Have you seen any of this money ?
We know who the peoples choice is.
I think it's ironic that the first person in office that wants to talk about what actually happened on 9/11 and tell the 100% truth to the American people, Is also the most criticized. It really exposes the stupidity this country scooped down to. I'm really still proud of all the true American running for what's right. I'm with you family. let's keep this nation United. Don't let the great divider back in. God bless.
Fuck Trump!
omg obams a phoney mother fker attack agold star family wtf ???we are all gold star families my family has 10 people who served in vietnam ww2 and iraq wtf its not our fing fault they all came home with out being fing blown up f obama obams apos bastrd what the f ever happned with hamp where that dead beat batsrd gave 800 billion to the banks to help people and their homes and the banks fed him kept the money and helped no one and his obama care crap wont  even cover my medication like before WTF ??????????im deaf in my right ear 100% due to a build up of crap in my ear and i cant even get the libral fkers in calif to send me to a ent fuck librals their devils
Chump plays the victim. Look at the polls Chump. LMAO. Nothing like watching 2 liars.
Deep down everyone who supports Trump knows he is not qualified to be president, but will vote for him because they are fed up with political lies and really don't give a shit that he is a idiot
http://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/2016-election-forecast/#now              Trump needs to save himself the embarrassment and just drop out
"i know more about foreign policy"

"we just needa make some sorta deal"

sweet snowman jesus bro. wtf.
...
Why is Bill O'Reilly kissing Trumps ass so much?
Check the paid libs comments. ;)
No.. not crazy cat ladies.. at all....
shiti trump
Fake recovery, open borders, conquered Middle East, Isis cells killing Americans now on our own soil. Thanks Obama. Your record speaks for itself.
Hillary, what a treasonous person.  We are to believe that her private server wasn't hacked, that is hard to fathom.  She wanted it to be hacked, so much easier to give away America's top-secrets.  Then the DNC gets hacked three times, this is a disgrace for America if she gets elected.
Trump is thin skinned. He has to respond to every critic. Not a good characteristic for a world leader.
Nato, did I miss something? Trump has seemed fairly clear that he's not for Nato.
I am 100% Trump 2016, but if he loses the election because people get turned off by his comments that he should never make, that will be a double tragedy.
he stands no argument on the subject of "Lies" and "dishonesty". What a dumb clown.
this is a prime example of our government in collusion with the media attempting to instill an imaginary made up narrative to smear a man that's trying to wake the populous to mass incompetence/corruption....the Kahn narrative isn't real....its not an issue....its simply designed right from the get go to fool the idiot sheeple into thinking big bad trump is the boogie man...if you don't support the candidate that our criminal government is trying so desperately to slander, your a fucking moron.period. We have to take our country back before we loose everything & Donald Trump is trying really hard to explain that to people...all we have to do is educate ourselves.
Obama seriously what have you done in 8 years. Sit down you lazy son of a bitch. Trump sticks to his beliefs and hes been saying these things for 40years it aint new!
Fuck you piece of shit Trump, your the biggest pile of shut tha
americans are stupid.  how could u support this clown .  he is unfit to be president.  he belongs in circus. because he is a clown
You know what would make me happy? A small lone of a million dollars
I love how Trump stayed on the original topic
Obama is a complete wanker
Obama was as green as you could be when elected he knew nothing about foreign policy or the economy nothing he is so desperate to smear Trump along with the leftist fascist media that I want to throw up when I hear him speak . I feel sorry for the people that can't see through Obamas and Hillary's bullshit. 8 years of quantitiv easing that's printing money and injecting it into banks and other places for you folks that don't know. This along with interest rates at record lows gives a false sence that the economy is recovering but it's not. He did nothing to stop crime or the spread of drugs coming across the boarder.  Obama all you did for me was take money out of my pocket and food out of my kids mouths with higher insurance cost. You did nothing to strengthen the labor unions or help the middle class.
God bless Canada.
TRUMP 2016!
Trump is the Medicine for USA
Bill brings up Trumps draft dodging and assault on a gold star family and John McCain then they both complain that the media keeps bringing it up. What is O'Reillys job again? Why do people keep saying Trump says it like it is when he keeps retracting what he says? Worst week for a nominee for President ever. Is this what the first 100 days of a Trump Administration would look like? Pass on this election Republicans, better candidate in 4 years.
Utter and complete puerile buffoon with absolutely no redeeming qualities.

Now the whiney little bitch is trying to duck the debates, hoping they can be held on twitter LOL
This is case and point why Trump will be the best President US ever had. Everyone else plays the politician, everyone else is scared to say what needs to be said. Not Trump. Honestly, if people are terrified to criticize someone because of their political status, that person is completely unfit to lead a nation. This rule disqualifies every single leader, except Trump.
i agree he talks like a 6 year old i dont want him as a president of this great nation
Excellent responses Mr. Trump!! Don't cave in to the Media/Democratic game!
They still haven't answered if the mom could talk... They are avoiding the question...
trump sucks....I won't even capitalize his name
O'Reilly's right, dude needs to let some shit fly by or he'll have a heart attack trying to fight off ever single thing, and play the victim on every situation.
Khan started the whole issue, attacking Trump;... it was a trap for Trump to attack back
Obama is a joke!
Bill: "Please respond to this statement about your atrocious behavior that caused your opponent to surge eight points past you in the polls?"
Trump: "Here's a list of insults about the president and really strange predictions about the demise of the New York Times"

Yeah... real impressive Don. Real fucking impressive.
You bet you know more? lmbo Trump is an idiot. I truly believe that President Obama is the best ever!!
Trump is an idiot.  Everyone is a liar,  everyone attacks him "viciously" and Obama is the worst President ever.     Trump is an immature racist bigot who unfortunately has the attention of the world stage.   He does not impress nor does he give us confidence that he can cope with the job.   It's hard to see it now, but I think history will see this election as a sign that the US is in severe decline.
Dealing with Donald, Melania could be looking forward to going back home.
Give it a rest people !! Trump will be the next president. It's time we have a real American and a real man in the White House !
Give it a rest people !! Trump will be the next president. It's time we have a real American and a real man in the White House !
FUCK. DONALD TRUMP!!!! National embarrassment 
Trump is a joke
Absolutely right, Trump!  Obama is the weakest president this country has ever had.  Ugh.  It wouldn't take  much to top that! I love how Trump can stand his own against  O'Reilly, lol!
I don't understand why Obama needs to interject his 2 cents. It's not his presidential campaign. He should be spending his limited time and talent trying to run the country.
Trump can make some great points but he really does not know when to SHUT THE FUCK UP.  It's clear as day to anyone with a brain, even Trump supporters... the wife did not say a word... you don't go after her. You don't need O'Reilly of all people to tell you this. But STILL he just can't SHUT THE FUCK UP. Just fuckn say, "I was mad, I'm not a politician maybe I took it too far". It's called >>>humility. It's a VIRTUE. People RESPECT humility. I'm ok with big ego's but this teeters too far into psychopathy. And I can't give him anymore chances after this. If Trump does this shit 1 more time which he likely will I'm burning my voter registration... let America burn to the ground for all I fucking care.
Unbelievably poor presidential candidate. He's a big old spoiled baby. Having him as president is like a bad joke. The elite are thumbing their noses at us.
I don't understand this shit, is people really asking themselves ? Does people really consider Trump a choice... doesn't matter how bad Hillary can be, she can't be worse than Trump... between someone who actually cares or pretends to care and someone who doesn't give a fuck... why even considering it... is this that kind of thinking that says bet to the worse one and you'll win? WTF is wrong with the world... I can't believe how people can support evil... doesn't matter how you see it the guy Trump is just evil and stupid ... nothing more!
Trump Mein Kampf
Trump is pure entertainment value, you can't top that.
is Trump a liar?
did I really see someone say Hilary is just a bit corrupt and then still stood up for her???? you people are out of your mind. just a bit corrupt, but is OK????? Trump has no corruptness! NONE!!! Except what media is trying hard to make you believe. a bit corrupt.. DISGUSTING!!
Hilarious. The dick with ears talks down to us, yet Kahn is an Immigrant lawyer, was known to do the "pay for play" aspect of immigration for MUSLIM immigrants, has serious ties to Saudi Arabia, abides by SHARIA LAW.......So I do feel for him losing his son, and speak on that. But when you play the "look at poor me" card and speak against the future president, now you're fair game and step in line. Thousands of parents have lost children. Can guarantee NONE of them made money, like you, off the integrity of American values....FUCK YOU. God bless your son though...
so are buddy!
__ Quote of the day:-- "Nock the hell out of ISIS along with the NATO"
All that matters to Trump is Trump. When he's attack and he hits back 10 times harder and then he looks back I truly believe ALL he sees is the attack on him! He doesn't even acknowledge that he ever attacked anyone in his own mind, or how others must feel when THEY'RE attacked. All he thinks about is Donald  almost all of the time.
"Many many people" to Trump = people he made up in his head in reality!
Trump just makes shit up! He's also the most insincere person to ever run for President (and a flip-flopper). despite his reputation as supposedly being so honest. NI PARTY has ever nominated someone so unqualified!

The media is dishonest? - try DONALD TRUMP!

His slogan should be: "If you thought OBAMA was bad - you ain't seen nothing yet"

Hillary may have a potential to be worse than Barack Obama, but Trump is 100 % GUARANTEED to be worse!
OBUMMER was by far WAY under-qualified compared to Trump when he took office. Barrack Hussein Obama  was and still is a Muslim-Brotherhood coddling LAME-DUCK "look at me," "Headlines for today, no action for tomorrow" politician like he has ALWAYS been as I have followed his career right here in the State Capital of Springfield, IL. Obama has been the greatest magician. "Now you see me, no you didn't..."
Bill fukin oriely should just let this stupid shit die... Bill is no better than MSNBC when he continues o fan the flames...
TRUMP For president. You got my vote.
Wtf is this cracker is talking about. Pres obama was talking about trump goin after the khan family. WTF IS THIS bitch talking about. He is so unfit to become a president. Have u seen real president talk? Trump never said Any thing really intelligent.
What a child.
Resist the Illuminati New World Order! Support Trump!
I can't help but cringe when I see this man open his mouth
Now I think Trump is a ringer planted by Hillary Clinton. Nobody could be this consistently self destructive when starting out with good poll numbers.
I said it a year ago and I'll say it now: he's a Clinton plant. He was never a serious candidate. He is the only vehicle that makes Hillary Clinton electable by comparison. I voted for Kasich back in March. If he were the nominee Hillary would already have her concession speech ready. A minority of republicans let this buffoon trojan horse into the party and the consequence is 4 more years of Clintons back in the white house.
obama. is anti america. and anti freedoms anti christian obama is.  worse  and hillary clinton
As it turns out poor old Kahn is a wealthy lawyer that has made a career out of selling green cards to any Middle Eastern immigrant who can afford his half million dollar fee. Not only that but this poor guy stillin mourning from losing his sonjust rec'd a $375,000. kick back from the Clinton Foundation- but of course that had nothing at all to do with his DNC speech. But it's not all about money as he has written that American Law is good but sharia law supersedes it. As far as his bobble headed wife goes it did look stupid her standing there not saying anything.
Plenty of liberal retard comments here
Do you really want Hillary for president that piece of crap
Thank God for Donald Trump better than the liberal devils
Trump does nothing but lie lie and lie
Im voting for trump along with my entire bloodline still. Obama is a disgrace and if it was upto me he would have been impeached years ago.. Total disgrace and piece of shit.
Im voting for trump along with my entire bloodline still. Obama is a disgrace and if it was upto me he would have been impeached years ago.. Total disgrace and piece of shit.
Trump/PenceUnder God!2016!
nellie  your a twat....they used the kahns  nobody was abusing them or muslims that have served..."we woulda never got into america if it were up to trump"such a twist of time an space,when they arrived this issue hadnt bin the same..ifs,buts,and shoukdas..whatever
Better to have trump, then someone who is being investigated by the FBI.
Amazing how  people complain about the current system  in the most powerful country in the world!! They don't know how tough most of the world has it ,
many many people!
I wish I knew exactly how many.
He very well may be mentally ill, but what does that say about thus country?
Imagine this man as president. If I was an American I'd be very, very concerned.
Many many people lots of lots of people thousands ten thousands thousands of jobs just shut up already drumf
Donald Trump is a fucking clown!!
Fox Jews and Donald Trump are mentally ill.
f*** that medieval wearing clothes covering their face
viciously attacked?
Listen, I'm not trying to stir things up, I'm as open minded as the next guy to the Conservative point of view, but this guy is out of his fucking mind. He's not attacking Obamas masculinity and shit because he agrees with you, he's doing it because he despises anyone who doesn't worship him. He has no fucking idea what he's talking about.
Clinton Foundation sent $375,000 to the Khan Law firm account.  What else can you say about that.  Hillary seems mentally unstable, and looks like she has some type of seizure disorder.  Her bizarre reactions to stress look like a serious problem for a commander in chief.  That's why her campaign keeps her away from press conferences and basically hides her away.
if drumpf speak any truth, pigs will fly & HELL will freeze out.
You are dishonest fuckface
I swear, I'm done if Trump isn't president because of Obama and the news bullshit lies.
PUSSY
This is coming from an idiot that didn't even realize that Russia invaded Ukraine 2 years ago! He responds with a, "wouldn't it be wonderful" pipe dream! The man is a disgrace!
this idiot dont even know what a fuck he is saying stupid people follows him
Dump Trump 2016!
The Harvard Republican Club has issued a statement (read in full below) saying that for the first time in its history, it will not endorse their partys presidential candidate. Why? Because the club is ashamed of Trump. He is, the statement says, a threat to the survival of the United States.
check out WWE Superstar The Rock he has a parody song about Hillary Clinton here on YouTube it's too damn funny
ask Bin Laden  if Obama  is weak, you thin skin  Bitch!
Shut up trump
Obama is so full of bullshit. I'm so sick and tired of this fucking idiot running our country. He just gave $400 MILLION to Iran, the world's biggest state sponsor of terrorism. That's grounds for IMPEACHMENT! He DOUBLED the US national in only 8 years; his administration spent as much money as all previous presidents combined! We have the largest group of welfare recipients under Obama. He's also given so much money to the Muslim brotherhood.

I'm so tired of hearing about this Mr. Khan! What the hell makes the Khans so damn important that they get so much media coverage? Many families have had their loved ones sacrifice their lives to defend America, why aren't they getting any media coverage?
TRUMP 2016!!!!!!
Obama. You're a disgrace. So much so - that for MILLIONS of Americans - and for MILLIONS of people around the world - Trump seems like the RIGHT person to become the next POTUS.
obama is scumbag! Go Gettem Trump!
No matter many facts you show to the trumplins, they will not care, trump himself has said that they're so fucking dumb that he could shoot someone for no reason and they would still vote for his ass. Before trump, attacking our troops and veterans was taboo for conservatives, not anymore, we have trump and righties calling our troops weak and a failure. Before trump, FLOTUS with a sleeveless dress was whorish, not anymore, potential first ladies who have posed naked and girl on girl adult photos, conservatives are calling them classy. Before trump it was inconceivable for conservatives to say something bad about our Constitution, not anymore, protesters holding our sacred Constitution are booed at the orange pig's rallies. Before trump only sane people could run for president, not anymore, we now have an egomaniac, narcissistic, racist, misogynistic and con man as the Republican party nominee
https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/answer-sheet/wp/2016/08/05/ashamed-of-trump-harvard-republican-club-wont-endorse-top-gop-nominee-for-first-time-since-1888/
Trump  can licked  my balls!
LOL, two knuckle heads going at it.
and what experience did you have.
Mr Trump the interviewer is right. before the race starts you must be focused and dont take on every 'bait' thrown at you! otherwise you may inadvertently lose the race. these media and people you will deal with when you become the next president! just focus on the two bandits - Obama and hilariously lying clinton until the point of election! make them accountable every day expose their lies and incompetencies - and they have many. leave people alone! keep your cards very close to your heart! a word is enough for the wise sir Trump!
Trump doesn't even make any effort whatsoever to calm his tone down. The polls clearly show he is losing to Clinton...and badly. He already has the nomination locked down, he'd be best served acting more presidential instead of like a hot head, its just bad strategy.
Obama is a buffoon
Trump Trump's Hillary
Trump's just an idiot
2 old white bitter men who scew younger women to make themselves feel better.
Trump is really sick minded.
If you really have been listening to the news and to what Trump has actually said...watching this is just painful and sad
-Trump: I read a lot! LOL!
That is hilarious ! What a clown, you got to give him credit, theDonald is highly entertaining!
The poor man, in that ABC interview,  had no clue Russia had already invaded part of Ukraine and he tells the reporter, with a straight face, mark my words Russia will Never invade Ukraine... Like a deer caught in the headlights!
I feel bad for all the morons voting for this brain-dead. 
It really makes you wonder what is more sad, The Republican party nominating a pea-brain or all the people who failed to get a proper education so they believe all the moronic rants that come out of theDonald's mouth.
I guess its true what they say, human stupidity knows no boundaries, specially when it comes to theDonald supporters. Trump2016! Its gonna be great!, its gonna be huge, its gonna be incredible.  Laughable!
Elif349
when will America stand up and unite.. and see these crimes that your leaders are doing.
Elif349
you say all these things and do the complete opposite. you say your gonna pull out your troops out of iraq once you caught osama. then you guys went after kadafi. wtf?
All you politics are all bad cunts.
we are all with trump, losers are with killary
What's the difference between O'Reilly, Hannity, Rupert, and a pig with Gastro?????

At some point, the pig will stop shitting. 

How do you dumb fucks not see their hypocrisy?

Your stupidity is making Rupert rich. You don't see him preaching this shit, because he doesn't believe it. But he does know it generates revenue. 
I'd ask you to wise up, but I think you may have peaked intellectually, already.

Jesus, some people are dumb.
Donald Trump is an idiot!
I feel sorry for you Mr. Trump. You are just being played as the sucker that you are, to further the racist agenda of most of the republican party. Racism starts from the top down in america. From the supreme court, the repugs in congress, govenors, judges, state legislatures, down to the city councilperson. Now they got a barker, Trump, spewing his filth for the suckers who are supposed to help the country and (all) who live here. Keep kicking the dog and sooner or later it's gonna bite and bite hard! PEACE AND LOVE. fp.
A total of fourteen Muslim Americans, including Khans son, have died since 9/11 in military service. This is fewer than the number of American soldiers who have been murdered by their uniformed Muslim American brothers. In 2003, a U.S. Army Muslim American soldier, acting in Allahs name, murdered two American soldiers in northern Kuwait; in 2009, another U.S. Army soldier murdered thirteen at Fort Hood in Texas.
bush recession fucked america up period bush& chenney bitch ass should both be in prison
fuck the whole rnc& tea party you a bunch of self centered losers
pukebama is not our president!
trump is out of his league when fighting professional liars and cannot ,fight every battle on every front that come your way stay on topic you had Hillary now you letting slip away as nd leave the little people alone
this "gold star family" deserves to be attacked. any one that says "Died defending this country" deserves it.   They died INVADING other countries" that is the fact.
Me to Jay Mac
Be fucking real. They showed dishonor when they went political with their sons sacrifice.
omg Obama u fucking love listening to yourself don't u??? why don't you speak a liiiiittle bit slower and monopolize all of my time today... smh disgraceful
Obama needs his skinny Kenyan head cut off.
I'm not American as I'm British but I would love to give Barack Obama (Benjamin Netanyahu's bitch) a big fat slap in the gob then a right hoof into his knackers.
obama sucks Michelles dick
Obama - the most corrupt president of all time. Fuck him.
Trump like him or not tells the TRUTH and his goal is not to sugarcoat the facts like Obama,  Trump don't need the money or the Grief, he is in it because he cares for the future of America.  the bottom line is if Hillary gets in this November everybody will be wearing Burkas and we will become a Muslim nation....
Trump is qualified to be president. he is an American citizen. odumass is not qualified as he is not an American citizen. Those brain dead communist morons who say Trump isn't qualified to be president, Should read the Constitution of the United States of America.! Trump will be president.!
Obama one of the coolest presidents
LoL wtf Drump can't answer Bill's easy meatball questions.
Build that wall! Liberalism is destroying this country and western cultures as a whole!
Can the pop liberal morons here offer anything other than child like insults. Do you know anything, anything at all about the fuckin' world you live in. Please one of you, show us you have a brain cell. Perhaps you can explain why Obozo speaks at 15 seconds a word. Then you can explain why you are about to cast a ballot for a vile piece of elitist corrupt old vermin like Hitlery. Yes, I know you're afraid of Trump. Not surprising since you're all as cowardly as Bernie turned out to be.
Obama is a spineless terrorist-enabling dork. Worst President since Warren Harding. Obama often gets called a brilliant orator but I just seem a guy stammering out banal platitudes read of a teleprompter. When he speaks off the cuff all that remains is the stammering, stuttering. Recently he has given babbling nonsensical speeches and looks exhausted.
I would put obama in now the top 10 to 15 presidents from where we were in 2009 when everybody was loosing there houses and going in debt because of Bush not Obama if u look at statistics Obama rose us from nothing to at least have hope for the future 
Giving Iran money should  show  he hasn't  a clue
Obama  is not note worthy  other than being black.thats the Only reason he was elected  face the facts. he has never  really  done any thing outstanding.
Seems fitting America would allow a blind racist to rule over morons.Wouldn't it be a wonderful thing frankly if we actually got a president who will bring about good change and not be so corrupt?
bully!
hahahahahaahah what a pussy. fucking dumbass trump. I'm gonna completely say fuck it and not bother with what he's saying. I will ask though, what the hell is wrong with his right eye? fucking angry little piss ant
I didn't see Trump putting 400 million in cash on a plane ,at night , and sneaking it off to Iran. That's right it was Obama.
Oh Wow. Even Repub fox news is criticizing his behavior. Does he hear his own lies? He never says anything that is the truth. Does he not realize he can research facts before he spouts verbal diarrhea?
Donald Trump illustrates perfectly Fox News : Fascist living in an alternate universe and dogging the reality.
Ten years from now, Republicans will start to say that the Earth is flat and people endorsing Trump or Sarah Palin will believe it.
Not presidential material defo. Clinton has nothing to worry about. Hes buried himself with his mouth.
What say you Donald? Absolutely NO RESPONSE, just attacks that are TOTALLY unrelated! Straight from the Steve Atwater/Karl Rove playbook that states, if you're not attacking...you're losing. I'm not a Bill'otheclown fan, but I applaud him on refocusing this carnival barker on the actual question. However true to Don "little hands" form, he blames the media like he's done the entire year - not to mention 'Mr. thin skin' here has to talk over even a fan like Bill'o! How the fuck does the donald know about CNN's financial situation or the wall street journal for that matter? Doesn't Rupert Murdoch own the WSJ now anyway? Yes he does! The same guy that owns the station Don little hands is getting MORE free press on right now!!!
Trump forgot to say that Obama is who is incompetent and the worse in foreign policy because it was under his administration that ISIS was created with his support and it was under his administration that the whole middle east was destabilized starting with Libya, Iraq got worse then the Syrian conflict Obama backing terrorists rebels with ties to ISIS and Al Nusra Front. Oh and Hilary was part of that mess...
Love how when Trump does something that all DECENT people can accept was wrong and completely idiotic, Fox News tries to advise him... Wonder what would've happened if Obama did something like this. Wow would he get blasted. F*ck this "news organization" and f*ck Trump!
The only people who like Obama are blacks- Mexicans and homosexual perverts +man hating lesbians
TRUMP ALL THE WAY
Plain and simple Trump is all American and if you don't like American Values!!!! Get out!!! go to Mexico, Iraq, Afghanistan, Quit being unconstitutional idiots. This is America. And hes not A Muslim.
Nobody cares about Khan or Islam,  they are clowns spinning in circles by the media.  Trump will be known as the president who saved america and Khan will be known as a fool,  and no, they are not the Golden family.
are you all mad in the us ?
Trump is like lil kid complaining to his mother (O'Reilly)
Have you ever noticed, that when anyone says something negative about him, he makes a face that looks like he is about to shit a large hard turd? Donny hates not only everybody, but himself as well.
TRUMP IS A MAD MAN
God help us.
cnn blows cock, fuck hitlary, bill is dying,  and, obummer is a lying cocksucket, khan is a fucking terrorist, and his mute wife licks pig balls.      is that not politically correct?  then FUCK ALL YOU DEMOCUNTS!!!! EAT SHIT, LOSERS!   TRUMP OR DIE!!!!!!!!!!,
BILL OREILLY-  MOTHERFUCKER!!!
I hope he becomes president, so we can watch your country fall apart :-)
A jihadist extremist attacked two polices with a" Machete" saying "Allakbar"in Belgium. Breakin news! Trump is right 100%!!!
I have nothing against Trumph. Do you think he will be good for Europe as well?
I'm sorry but, I had to stop watching this half way through because I couldn't take the non factual bullshit he was spewing along with his fucking voice. 

Trump is a despicable man who has made his living stepping on the little guy, ripping people off, oh...and I forgot about the money he inherited from daddy. 

He isn't a real business man he's a con artist plain and simple.
This Assclown disrespects the  military because he's never been a part of it. He thinks he has because Daddy Trump paid for him to get into westpoint. He keeps claiming he was 'viciously attacked' referring to a grieving father whose son gave his life defending his fellow soldiers. Doesn't matter if it was one life that was saved or one hundred. That soldier is a fucking hero. A hero who gave his life so we don't have to. Then Trump trivializes a purple heart that was just handed to him... because he's never had to earn a goddamn thing in his entire life. Every single problem he ever faced, either He, or Daddy Trump threw money at at made it go away. Vietnam.. "oh he has bone spurs" FIVE medical deferments to keep him from active duty. He was given a 'small ' loan of a million dollars.. in roughly 1970.. if you adjust for inflation thats $4,557,321.77   THEN he got the rest of the billions his father had when Daddy Trump Died... Hard work and Sacrifice? This Chump knows nothing about either, other than making  other people do both for his repeatedly failing businesses. He's filed for 4 bankruptcies.  'Reorganizations' because he has the business sense of a failing highschooler. Are we really even thinking about making him leader and commander in chief of our nation? We're bad off enough as it is..
the White house is run by zionist we like it or not! the next President will be Hillary we like it or not! save always food in the shed ok.
these comments!!! the liberals are a cancer!
What Trump will do? 1. He will care about all veterans and take bureaucracy from that crocked system. 2. He will stop illegal immigrant or migrants to country. 3 He will reset trade deal with many country and bring jobs  back to America. 4 He will kill Obama Care and give you freedom to choose medical services. 5 He will Care about old hard working American retired  people, they will not anymore push shopping cars in there  eighty years of age to survive. 6 He will with private sector create trade school and every one will have professional licence like in Canada (mechanic, machinist, tool maker, brick layer, if you don't like to be a doctor, lawyer you will not waist your prime years in collage, you will have a guaranty job position in company, wages by graduation class, you will not have a back pack of collage loans with hefty interest. 7 There will be new university to teach new teacher as a pedagogic masters not teachers who have 6 weeks training and abuse children. 8 He will stop terrorist to come in our land and with all friendly nations  stop this killing madness. 9 He will protect We the People constitution of United States of America and second amendment to bear arms for every one citizen. 10 He will guaranty to all people theirs believe in religion.
There is only ten things on his mind he like to return to American people to be great again. Don't you see he is tired from opposition Illumine attacks,  vote for Trump you will do it for your self and your country to be great again from coast to coast.
fuck.  listen to this dipshit talk.  omfg.  hes going to make us the laughing stock of the world.
viciously attacked? ....this moron calls that vicious. ....the way these racists attack our President. ...he calls that vicious by the Khan family
Is Obama calling this a gold star family, hell. Obama leave this country. The people that put YOU in there to hell with THEM. The DAM MOTHER KNEW WHAT WAS GOING ON, SHE LET IT HAPPEN, JUST THE FAMILY KNEW THIS IDIOT WAS GOING TO KILL ALL THESE PEOPLE. SHE IS JUST AS GUILTY AS HER HUSBAND. THEY ARE ONE; REMEMBER.  TO HELL WITH THIS MUSLIM WOMEN AND TO HELL WITH OBAMA. DAM ALL MUSLIMS.
a fucking gold star family. are you kidding me. what a label. fuck khan. TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT. TRUMP FOR U.S.A.
Unhealthy& dysfunctional  individual.   Again not defending or explaining his own qualifications in a rebuttal, but instead launching nasty word bombs at criticism of his public behavior.   "He started it" - DJT
Wait....was he viciously attacked?
Trump is such a dumb ass
Be careful Donald, you have a friend in Mr. O'Reilley.
if you love America kill a democ RAT.. all hail lord trump
I don't like how Obahmer looks away from the camera when he's speaking. I understand that he's doing that because he's thinking of what to say "off the cuff", but Trump speaks from his heart better than him.

So it gives the impression that Obama is a liar and Trump is telling the truth on things.
America, if you do not vote for Trump you are voting against your self. He is not politically correct, but his heart is for you and he is Golden Eagle  Star to help all of You, he will change America and it will be yours again.
Fuck this muslim president and his worthless presidency
FUCK TRUMP OBAMA GOES ALL THE WAY
Hilarious to see him basically trying to coach Trump.
Trump start acting like a leader not a highschool bully, 
You should have an easy victory considering your opponent. Wake up!!  Look to the NSA it has the smoking bullet with her name on it! 
75% of americans want to see her hang!
it would be good not to have a war with russia
Make America Great...... LMFBAO Fucking Terrorist.
TRUMP IS GOING TO RETURN THIS COUNTRY BACK TO WHAT IS ONCE WAS!!!!!!



(a barren landscape covered in ice)
Trump is now looking more and more pathetic... He has this moron O'reilly even trying to give him advice.
NO ONE lies more than Donald Trump.
lol Trump's resting face...
This is white privilege at its finest. Lol. It's like Trump was a 3 years old boy being taught what it socially acceptable to say
donald trump needs to listen to bill o'reilly.
TRUMP YOU ARE A FUCKING DISASTER...RELEASE YOUR TAXES YOU LIEING CUNT
DOnt worry Libtards We TRump supporters will save our coountry for you you can thank us when its all good again
Obama is a muslim
Fox's news n Trump have not an ounce of common sense...
Obama goin around bashing trump , defending that liar that devil who lie to us almost everytime she speaks. Obama you're a piece of shit your days are numbered, he can't sleep well at night they all know trump coming with Changes to Washington. No more corruption.
oriely you need a upper
He's very critical about Obama "letting" Russia attack the Ukraine for someone who 3 days ago didn't even know that happened.
"Let me refocus you back"
Can you believe that ??? A man of the press has to stop the candidate to the Presidency of the United States and ask him to refocus because the man is not able to have a consistent response on what he was asked about !!!
Then again what he says is totally inconsistent and lacks of logic : he says that it "would be nice" to have good relationships with Russia  when he criticizes the present administration for doing just that by not interfering in Russia's invasion of Crimea thus keeping some kind of relationships with Russia even not great  
All Trump's claims are not valid : what he says in the second sentence is always in contradiction with the first  and so on and so on 
Never proves any of his arguments, never tells on what they are based Just claiming he's the best Never assess how he will do what he claims he will do 
Worse : each time he's criticized (and quite rightfully at times, such as in the Khan's family case) he refuses to apologize, acknowledge he made a blunder (like any other human being) and make amend like any other human being would do.
That's what a child does, not an adult. 
This does NOT make a President. 
This CANNOT make a President of the most powerful country of the world.
WILL YOU LEAVE THE CODE TO NUCLEAR FORCE TO SOMEONE WHO'S SO INCONSISTENT AND TEMPERAMENTAL ???
NO.
Crooked Hillary disrespect our home grown gold star family,by call them liars did Obama address that NO,khan first attack trump now every body crying like a bitch Trump 2016 fuck the Muslims I jacking ass looking nigga
1:45 To quote Donald: Wouldn't it be a wonderful thing if we worked out a deal with Russia to knock the hell out of Isis and Nato, as opposed to fighting?...   

There isn't much coherence in this sentence...
Donald trump for white house
Trump is trying too bully his way into the oval office this strategy is too aggressive and demeaning to others this is not the republican way of doing things he needs to stop now and take a more palatable approach before its too late.
Lmfao trump is dumb as fuck
FOX News thinks TRUMP will win. It is just one of their most recent Delusions. TRUMP will win . . . . the Mussolini " Look - Alike " contest, but otherwise he's the same loud mouthed clueless Loser he always is.
This dude is a cry baby.
Vote ANTI- ESTABLISHMENT. Only reason Hillary is up there is Bernie was too much of a threat to the establishment.
Every one can see the bullshit spewing out of obamas mouth. WORST PRESIDENT EVER. Just a worthless homo muslim with a silverback shemale for a wife. Trump all the way.
Mr. Trump, you are losing so many supporters so fast your head will spin. I know polls, I know polls better than you. You know why? Because I read a lot, and I watch a lot.
Ah, Trumps feelings got hurt. Truth does that.
can wait till barry the shit face lying muslim lover is gone
That's like saying Hitler responds to Lincolns criticism.
go trump!!!  go fuck your self that is...
Trump is so full of Sh*t.
I hate bill more than trump lol
He isnt anti-establishment.  He is a fucking billionaire.  The only true anti-establishment is Bernie Sanders but americans always vote against their own interest so there, I hope them and the world will have fun with this guy
I'm telling you he is going to start ww3
Trump, the human Orange, is disgusting and infantile.  His appeal is to 'uneducated' younger white men and that's all, he leads no other segment of our population.   Man, that alone tells you something  'Uneducated' !   I don't know how anyone, educated or not, could look and listen to this toad and not be repulsed.    Luckily most people are . . .  so rail UNEDUCATED souls
He still doesn't get why his comments on the mother were unnecessary.... O'Reilly is trying to explain it to him. O'Reilly. lol.
He has a point with CNN especially with Chris foul mouth Cuomo working for them..
Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump.  I cant tell which is worse.  The corporate bitch or the racist right wing nazi asshole.
Obama the Muslim answer's not too America but too Saudi Arabia and that's a fact.who did you think put him in the white house.
Trump! The Savior of all inbred rednecks in America. Thankfully you're a minority so this pathetic piece of wrinkled scrotum won't ever be your president.
first sarah palin, now this guy!  I hope he wins.  Its going to be the greatest reality show of all time.  We will all pay dearly for the show, but fuck it!  Let's see how much damage he can do before he comes to a tragic end
i could not help but crack up when donald started going on a defense rant
 Trump 2016

WAKE UP AMERICA 

Check out (civilization jihad in America, are you prepared/ YouTube/ John Guandolo)
This freaky yellowish specious dildo is my favorite !! America gonna have the first & best yellow-white president in its history!
......BTW, I'm Hitler.
i am sorry did i miss his response to how he is all  knowing on foreign policy?
Khan family attacked Mr Trump for no reason ,clearly this is a trap from Obama and Hillary Clinton
why does Trump look like he is constipated?
Well, actually Crimea was rightfully RUSSIAN.
Ukrainian control of Crimea was wrong.
The population there never wanted to be part of Ukraine.
No you don't let it go. if someone attacks you, you attack back.
Can someone educate me? Why are there people throwing hates towards Mr. Trump? What's wrong with him? I don't get it :/ (Obviously I'm not American, I just want to understand stuffs 'bout Mr. Trump)
awwwww trump was viciously attacked by a educated practicing lawyer how unfortunate lmaooo fucking clown
Trumps just sounds depressed and defeated here.
Americans are so dumb
What an asshole
THIS COW LICK HAIR STYLE ASSHOLE , RED MONKEY FACE IS SUCH A FUCKING SCUM BAG.
fox is eating stupid people up one at a time, dummies read a book and shut the orielly and hannity, greta off, you'd be better off smoking crack and reading a history book...you are fools to listening to such white trash propaganda.but hey, they made trump your hero, and the best president in history "fact" if you read you'd know...but good luck to you  poor souls, black souls..follow your light the DT, you reap what you sow!!
If You guys really elect that clown, You will not be able to come to Europe or Asia without people laughing at You on the streets... he can`t even speak English. It is so incredible and funny to the rest of the world it even made us watch Your elections :)
I know many muslim people and not the ones I meet at a gay bar or a club cause yes they might be there because they've accepted a secular lifestyle and not their islamic way of life but identify as one like a secular jew in tel Aviv. I'm talking about your every day muslim and you will never see them as patriotic or loving of the constitution and holding it in their pocket. What we saw on TV was a rare exception and not indicative of reality.  That's just fact and they will always identify closer with their Arab culture rather than America. Nothing wrong with that but that's just how it is. To some people this is confrontational.
I don't support Hitlary or Dump. I don't even vote. But if Dump wins, I'll be laughing at all the Hitlary supporters and Dump Haters. The man is brutally honest. That's what I like about him. He doesn't care what others think. Being politically correct is for pussies, whiners and cowards without a backbone.
Your response Trump:
"He's the worst president ever"

haha
this guy is so stupid
God Bless our next president - Donald J Trump!!!! Go all the way Trump to The White House!
Fux news......
Can an american pls explain me why u are voting this stupit shit? 
He do exactly the some what hitler does. GG U.S.A
Trump an ass hole
Obama leaves me speechless. Who's president is he, Europe, Middle East  or USA ?
When someone says Trump is racist, he is based just on mainstream hyp, and never heard exactally what he meant. Try voting Hillary who gets 20% money from Saudi Arabia. Try to convince Julian Assange that Hillary and this Obamas government are not chasing him to destroy the Truth. Trump ist blunt but Hillary is a criminal.
Haha Haha what a moron plain and simple.
Trump would do better to listen to those in his corner like Bill O'Reilly. :(
Death to Clinton and liberals
Man let me tell you something, Trump will be the greatest president EVER. How? By being the greatest. BIG great. Very big. I'm not kiddingly. He loves you America. Tremendous love. Soo tremendous. We should all go to Trump University to be like him.
Maybe pencil size fallen dick.
Divorce!
This guy has familly issues.3three||V times wives ran away!!!
Shut up dumb trump.looser.
Obama looks like the best president the US had only because of the idea of Trump becoming the best president! 

Let's make America great again, starting with Trump's hair.
Khan is Muslim Brotherhood supporter of terrorism. Not a conspiracy theory people. The guy has "published" books on how to preform cultural jihad!
So just see who the Dems are allied with and what they will bring to America.
its all over anyways,Hillary is winning.
man! i really wanted trump to win, because then maybe finally america will learn their lessson and fucking vote for better people.
And to al you guys who says you arent affected by americas election? Nah hun, youre all doomed as americas is one of the most influencial countries AND then there is also nato which is signed by everyone except switzerland and sweden.

WERE ALL DOOMED
trump need to let the shit run down hill don't get excited over this shit don't play the media game keep focus there trying to get you excited
Trump reads a lot!!! Sam I am I like green eggs and ham!! ... lol
Amazing how this pakistani guy dares to attack Trump by calling him a tyrant while he doesn't allow his own wife to say a single word !...
Too many moron in this country , just look trump body language and u understand how stupid he is
Trump is so worthless!  Rather than counter ANYTHING Obama said, he just starts bashing him and bashing trusted news outlets like the NY Times.  He is a stupid, man child.  If his supporters can't see through his bullshit then they must be just like him.
People who support Hillary have Bad judgement! I know its hard to make up for a first bad impression, and its easy to be manipulated by media and negative social media! But please folks make an effort! I think we have a much higher chance of solving problems with trump!( coming from someone who disliked him at first) Just watch the convention speeches it seems obvious tht there are more important problems than having gay marriages, it is not even an argument for presidential debates in other countries ffs(this coming from someone having several gays friends)the only thing i regret republicans wont take into account is ecology other than that they adress REAL ISSUES such as ECONOMY the crazy debt we are accumulating , and NATIONAL SECURITY, cmooooon hillary is bought and sold all are classified infos to hackers, its ridiculous and sad how ppl are just ignoring tht crucial fact !!!!wake up and vote Trump in November! I just wonder how would be an America with a little less corruption which is the cancer of any country...
This man is purely ignorant, he knows nothing about  being in charge of a nation, he says he wants our nation to turn out like his business which has gone bankrupt multiple times!
All Trump supporters should boycott all ABC,NBC and CBS channels and their assoiaties station news and shows, this will hit them in the pockets
Hahahha. This is exactly why God will return to take control. Trump or Hillary! Out of all of the great people that could be president. This shit is as plain as day you are given two choices and think it is an actual choice. That is not a fucking choice! Divide and concur, and you people are all falling for it. Like fucking lemmings! Wake the fuck up!!!
Trump should have just responded to Khan by asking "who killed your son?"
I think trump is a bit more reasonable that clinton with regard to russia, and maybe he is just the right guy for the sake of world peace
The Gold Star Father attacked Trump as a Democrat pawn and Trump is just responding to the lies. The military son is the Gold Star in the Family and the Father an Obama and Hillary Stooge.
So the answer we get from Donald Trump on a constant bases is the popular 5th grade playground response given to the teacher when two kids fight, "he started it" lol! Pretty crazy how he still doesn't see someone that just the fact that he is running for president elevates his standards as a citizen and just because someone criticizes him first doesn't mean he can just go and attack back. If he didn't like the criticism he shouldn't have ran for president. It goes hand in hand, God bless us all in November.
Everyone who votes for Trump is an idiot that has no clue about politics
Funny how he didn't answer anything  he's like a little kid
If I was an American, I would vote for him.
Trump tells it the way it is, people have had enough of two faced, lying politicians.
Good luck trump
Haha OH I can not wait for the Presidential debates. Republicans, yes I'm talking to all of you in this comments section....brace yourself for major embarrassment
What a f*cking baby.
Khizr Khan (the father) is an attorney who became rich using the corrupt  EB5 program to get Muslims visas into the U.S. without any background checks.  Of course  he does not want anyone to stop the flow of Muslims into the country.  He has previous ties to Saudi Arabia and the Clinton campaign.  Why does the media not  bring this out?
Guys, the point is , if trump wants to be president, which i have nothing against, then he should focus on the real issues, not waste his valuable time  arguing with everyone who attacks him.  Do you guys understand that?  If he became president, his heart would not be able to withstand the brutal publlic flogging he would receive on a daily basis. .  Hell, even if some of you here on this post would like to run for potus, i would at least hear you out, but you would have to stick to the REAL issues americans are facing everyday.  Not petty bickering.otherwise i would not take you very seriously.
DNC corrupted everything and lied!
Trump's vying to become the next president of the unit state and here he has Bill O'rielly schooling him on how best not to retaliate when being attacked by the opposition, figure that one out
The US Military personnel at home and those stationed abroad are from a generation who are keen to be knowledgeable and are aware of the domestic political situation.
If Hillary Clinton were to be president, their morale will take a beating as then their supreme commander has been proven a liar and as corrupt.
There are innumerable ghastly acts of corruption, cowardice and moral depravity that Hillary Clinton has done. Knowledge that their supreme commander, someone who is supposed to inspire and instil confidence has not only been branded grossly negligent when dealing with classified matters, but may have put the lives of them and their comrades in jeopardy, will have a devastating effect on troop morale.
Oh dear - Trump is a LOOSE cannon and VERY weak in attacking the people who and the way he does - then calling President Obama 'worse president ever' is LAUGHABLE. Note he NEVER, EVE answers a question !!!
Trump - the one man who can shut up Bill O'reilly. I don't think I've ever seen him stop talking when someone was trying to speak over him. and Trump shuts him down several times in this one interview. Amazing! lol
We, the people need a united government or no government at all. Maybe it is time to change our voting system. Either way it goes, whomever wins, we still have to work together for the better of our country. President Barack Obama is outstanding and nothing can take away the indelible mark that he has made in our "world". Donald Trump's voice, and his vision is what we need moving foward, we all have something to bring to the table and the person that best represents the issues at hand and understands what needs to be done, and that has what it takes to really move our country foward in a positive way is what we need. President Obama, Donald Trump, Hilary Clinton, Oreilly, community leaders, etc,and all Americans should work together, I'm really torn to have to vote for a divided America. If each of our presidential candidates, and all the people could really see how good that they would look if they were working together and how much more powerful, peaceful, and prosperous that our world would be. They are all great, smart, and has the world more interested in voting than ever before, but so many people are undecided because at the end of the day, we all want the same thing. Peace, security, a better safe future for our children. If the strongest leaders join forces, then there will be world peace, harmony, and ........
if you are voting for Trump, you are voting for hate, for bigotry, for racism, for fuck sakes, vote for Trump
srsly... Obama was a pretty good president, europe is failing and the american economy continues to soar...
trump!  hahahahaha.. trump needs to just relax, drink some  good quality whisky go golfing, and leave politics to politics.  enjoy your money brother trump, and your beautiful wife.  The american economy is through the roof right now.  Jobs are at an all time high, the s&p 500 is through the roof, and this all happened after the 2008 huge recession that bush left behind for obama to clean up..These are facts simple facts. The job of potus is not for you Trump man , leave it alone.....
The Crimea's not a good example because if we tried to stop Russia's reign over the Crimea, we would be in WW3 now.
Still with Trump though, just tone it down abit, Trump doesnt really need to try., they are baiting him in the hope he'll say stupid things, he needs to wake up to that. All the usual lowlife leftwing tactics.
Trump will be a great President.
Obama is a plank. Hillary is a crook. Donald seems to be the only one who makes sense.
Trump doesn't even know where Crimea is located!  He said on MEET THE PRESS repeatedly that Obama was in Ukraine.  Seriously???  He said Putin would not enter Ukraine.  Wake up, Trump hasn't got a clue about foreign policay.  I still want to know if Trump has ever read the constituion, because I do not see it in his actions.
Makes you want to throw up.
Trump is always been the best.. :)
political warfare that all it is. Trump shift from defensive to offensive if the woman had an issue she should of said something.
"We'll build a wall"
The father and mother had no right to hide behind their son's sacrifice to advance their own political agenda.  Its a disservice to their son's memory, his sacrifice, his service to his men and his country.  The mother said nothing in the face of her husband's attack, thereby including herself in his disservice.  They should both be ashamed of themselves.  I doubt if they know the meaning of the word.
fuck khan muslim cunt! fuck his family!
Over the month of July Trump raised an insane amount of $$$$ in donations - this put the DNC / COMMUNISTS / MARXISTS into panic mode , and I do mean PANIC MODE.
THis is very REAL!
We have roughly 12 weeks till "election day" - that is practically milliseconds in political campaign timing....

Pay attention to the news cycle over the next few weeks - it will be a whirlwind of disinformation and lies aimed at Trump

*as if it hasn't been already*

but look for the EXTREMES - they will be so motherfucking desperate, it will be entertaining to say the least

THIS IS REAL - THIS IS THE ONE CHANCE / LAST CHANCE - it is going to be an all out media WAR

DONT BELIEVE THE LIES
https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/is-donald-trump-just-plain-crazy/2016/08/01/cd171e86-581d-11e6-831d-0324760ca856_story.html?tid=hybrid_collaborative_2_na#comments
FUCK THAT HALF BAKED PRESIDENT C U N T OBAMA AND HIS TRANNY WIFE!!
FUCK THIS MUSLIM IN CHIEF!!!
Trump for president 
Obama is the worst
Bill thinks it's his job to "refocus" Trump lol. You just keep doing what you do DJT.
Obama is former President Carter's love child. Obama is a disgrace to the office and Hillary is the most evil, vile, lying bitch ever.
Trump, OH QUIET PLEASE, don't pop a vein, you are just plain embarrassing!
Israelis were arrested in New Jersey on September 11, 2001.
Sounds like both of these guys want to suck each others ding donk
TBH George W Bush was the worst president in my opinion.
Such a fucking moron....
Trump should learn some manners before trying to become the president. interrupting someone talking countless times during an interview is so damn disgusting
So, it's ok for you and the "gold star family" to attack Trump, but it's not ok for him to answer back. That sounds fair, Sherlock. And "a gold star family"?! What are all the other families? Junk? As long as people like you are in power, thinking that they are better than everyone else, this worldcan never be afair place. "... that had made such extraordinary sacrifices on behalf of our country..."?! Do you really expect people to believe that pile of retarded BS? The working class is making extraordinary sacrifices so that the one percent can live like kings. Not you, not any "gold star family". You and your "gold star families" are nothing but parasites taking the fruits of the "junk families"hard work. Nowadays, politics and politicians are just about power, fame, stealing whatever they can from the people and deals with major corporations to fill uptheir ownpockets, ruining the country and the people's lives."... that had made such extraordinary sacrifices on behalf of our country..." LMAO That's the joke of the year and you the clown of the year. You really must think people are dumb.On a side note, behave like a president and stay out of the candidates campaign. Trump must be really scaring your "gold star families", for you to dedicate so much time trying to influence people against him. How much are those "gold star families" paying you to do it?
These guys open their mouths and shit spews out. wow!
cheese dick bill O'Reilly
He has nothing.
Draft dodging coward!
I really hope someone slots Trump. He is a bigoted, fascist disgrace. Everyone of you morons who support this neo nazi scumbag are white trash, extremist     Fools.

This man is a liar, a con man and you idiots are brain washed sheep. He knows nothing about foreign policy. He is a coward who has no credibility anywhere in the world. We in the UK are laughing at your disgusting behaviour. USA IS DESPISED AROUND THE WORLD. This clown can't even give coherent answers!!
I DON'T KNOW???
Donald Trump is the best candidate for President of the United States of America in my life. He is for the people, he wins hands down. Lets pray to Jesus that his attitude and strength reverberates through Europe. He will save us all in the western world. Political correctness is out the window and PATRIOTISM is on its way back.
You know what? Let him say all the negative comments about our current US president and leading him to think he's any better. I can't even take him serious. He is an embarrassing asshole to the country. Actually he's an insult to the country as much as you guys think he's honest. To make America great again it's time to start making shit AGAIN in America. IF Obama was the worst president ever he wouldn't be elected for the second time as favoured by people
GASBAGGERY. they are all on the same side wake up America there is only big government and the people. you are all being controlled by the media Hillary Clinton Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders are all part of it. you've been duped
When everyone from the (((press))) to the (((special interests))) to the (((NGO's))) to the (((people))) and shills in his own party he's running for attack him, you know you have the right guy for President. Vote Trump.
No....you will be the worst president if you were elected. Viciously attacked!?! What a  bumb you are!
I wish he would have actually disproved what Obama said by his actions because he proved what Obama said with his words. Trump doesn't know what the fuck he is talking about on many issues, it's like he hits a bullet point but doesn't know about it. he mentioned Crimea and Russia and thinks he convinced everybody by using those words in the same sentence and pivots to Obama instead of expressing his knowledge because he doesn't know shit
Trump getting a lecture from O Reilly... :D Game over clown!!!
Bozo Obama. Trump didn't attack the man. The Bozo Muslim attacked him first and by the way the Muslim is an advocate for Sharia law not the American Constitution. Obama you really suck and so does Bozo Hilary.
Trump gets so flustered and attacks over the littlest things. He knows he's going to lose so he's being a bully.If something doesn't go his way or if it's on on his side he attacks!  He has to put down everyone and everything to make himself look good,but all it does it make him look worse!!
Hey Obama, take your muslim extremist, lying ass back to Kenya, NO PRESIDENT OF MINE, you piece of shit
It would be extremely dangerous for the United States to have him as the president. He does not have the temperament to hold that position, he's racist, he does not understand foreign policy and has no respect for life.
He said that "Wouldn't it be a wonderful thing, if we get alone with Rassia?" 
Can Mr. Trump answer how? 
I see that when it comes to "how?" His answer is "I alone can do it!" 
He is just a 5 year old baby! America wake up, you are much better than this degraded humorless person. He broke the dream of many young people. He is just a bad image to USA.
you fucking baphoon
Obama, the Community Organiser was prepared to be POTUS??? He plays golf, goes to fundraisers and chain smokes. And as for 'Change We Can Believe in?' Did anyone notice any change from Bush's NeoCon Agenda? Trump is right he's been a disaster...
you know this guyhit the rock bottom when bill o'reilly seem to know better loleven bill knows the lines that you shouldn't cross and he is the number 1 fuckwit.
the dumbest guy on earth
trump your a dum ass!
you have to look past all the political BS and choose a candidate based in the fundamentals of the party. The fact is we NEED a republican president, regardless of the rest. We NEED to focus on our national debt or else the rest won't matter. 17 tril. in debt and rising. at the end of the day the tab needs to be paid.
"What say you?"
"Well insult insult insult insult, well if you look at the, well if you look at, well if you look at, well I think I know this better, blah blah Crimea, knock the hell out of Isis, Hillary is a liar..."

Trump, you are still literally a whining idiot who is offering nothing substantial, and can't even stay on topic by the end of a "response". What a dumb interview....even though....Bill O'Reilly is fine.
Lil cry baby trump
He talks like an ignorant teenager... how can somebody support this retard?
obama is weak, hilary is corrupt, Cruz is liar, jeb bush is useless, McCain in a coward cause he was Pow, Romney is retarded et al, who does Trump consider the best amongst all??? himself ??? that is not a good leadership quality nor is it good moral character...
what a confused, sad, cry baby little man..
Haha this just proves how easily trump can be pushed to anger. What a weak ass bitch. You people want this guy handling international relations?
"I speak very well, obviously"
nobody on this planet is 100% perfect, however, i sincerely believe that Trump is unsympathetic to our military men & women who are alive or have passed from wartime incidents. He just has his  own way to respond back. He is a very competitive person and driven to see this country become better than it is. Hence, if elected into office, I am sure he will proactively take measures to protect, improve, & make living in America a better place than it has become.   we can all only hope - but the hope ship of Obama has sailed!
Please go away.Trump.
Obama is an idiot 
he is not doing anything for our country..
trump for president
Only the stupid white trash will support such an ignorant person like Trump..
This man! The Republican Party is going to have fun recovering from Trump! He is out to destroy it and it is soooooo working!
God damn trump is straight forward! Sounds like he will actually get things done
the most ugliest guy this clowns trump!i bet u he had 0 chances to be us next president.comparing Obama,trump u are ground to dust!!!
Damn I look good
Trump calls people liars and idiots and he's butthurt that he's been supposedly "viciously attacked" by khan what a hypocrite
He is kinda right. You can't shit talk someone all you want because you lost a son and then not expect them to respond.
he is the worse president....trump 2016
Mr Dump is plummeting in the polls and the whole world is breathing a sigh of relief.
Fuck you Obama! I'm with Trump!
You have to get to the end to get the punch line. so good! The Donald got coverage on this story.
Trap Trump is an obstacle to progress a pocket nazi see The Contract with Morgan Freeman
Seriously how stupid can someone be. He has no idea what he talks about. He lies and lies everytime and blames every one and his stupidity and ignorance. He is dumber than my shit.
Just from reading these comments I got cancer lol God people who watch fox are ignorant
i wouldnt expect scumbag trump to say anything less.
This asshole spews the same shit every time he has to defend his actions.  Everyone but him is a liar. Every news source who criticizes is either losing money or suffering from low ratings and he knows everything and is the smartest man in the world.   That is the sign of paranoid schizo and narcissist.   How can anyone with half a brain take this man seriously/
it's like talking to an ignorant stubborn child- I speak very well, I read a lot bla bla bla...mental
"i think he is the worst president maybe in the history of out country" 
-donald trump

no chill 
Vote Hilly, or I kick your monkey asses,,
"It's not about who votes and how, it's about who counts the votes and how," -Stalin supposedly
Haha most of the losers on this page support or voted for the worst president in the history of this country nothing you think or say has any value to the rest of us shut the fuck up...
All of this drama and pathos swirling around con-man donnie would be funny, if it wasn't such a terrifying thought that a volatile, touchy crazed-billionaire could end up with his liver-spotted fingers on the nuclear codes.
if he attack them than they attack back , than he he said they they they viciously attacking him , but if they don't attack him , he thinks they soft. and this and that yada yada yada ....over grown senior still got a brain of a kindergarten child , the boy still like in the dream . and don' t come out of a bubble ...
in one  breath I want to tell Trump to cool it but in the next I want to say keep hammering back at these pathetic, lying peices of crap, So much deception, lies etc from our despicable president right down through the loser media. someone has the come in with a hard line and try to real this mess back in before we have a global war under the left, globalist, whatever
AND FUCK FOX NEWS> GTFO THE NET!
Trump is an uneducated man who with all his money never even went to college. Like for Christ sakes. How he gets his money is beyond me and would say he is defrauding people by and large like most rich do for their money. They got a priniting press and it is all for them and well none for you. How does that feel SUCKERS? 2 party dictatorship is a joke. WAKE THE FUCK UP! WORDS ARE OVER TIME FOR ACTION AMERICA!
this dude thinks someone saying he sacrifices nothing is being viciously attacked but he says fucked up shit to other people and theyre not allowed to say anything back without backwards hick trump supporters getting pissy
I am just so impressed with the intelligence of Mr. Trump. Like Mike Pence said in Wisconsin this evening, the man is so resilent. This man is who and what we need as Oresident, period. I have gotten behind him from day one. I know Mike Pence. A hero if mine by name of John  Settle worked out of Mike's congressional office in Anderson, Indiana, and I actually met Mike through John, and later met Mike in Columbus, Indiana at a fundraiser held at the Irwin Mikler Estate. When Mike Pence says Mr. Trump is a good nan, and recommends we elect him for President, by God, we better listen! Go Trump - Pence Go! Go! Go! Go!
Oh ya!!! This fool knows how to run the US?  lol!!!
THAT FATHEAD OF TRUMP. MAKING A FULL OF HIMSELF THIMKING THAT HE KNOWS EVERYTHING. WHAT AN UGLY DUMB
Hahahahaha..!!   Everyone is dishonest and a Disaster.  Except for himself. ??? This guy is a freak.!!  Lol
I regret that I had voted for Obama.  I would take back my vote for that pedantic stooge.  That community organizer is "woefully" unprepared to handle foreign policy.  CNN is blatantly Democratic leaning.
The liberal left media in a concerted effort with the Clinton campaign continue their smoke screen of relentless lies, half truths and smears in order to shield their girl Hillary from scrutiny.  And she's got plenty to hide.
Trump is an idiot!!!!
What a TRUTH TALKER!!!
Trump is full of shit very sad to have candidate like this asshole
What a dumbass.
Donald trump is the dumbest mothefucker ever...he is the poster child of a spoiled brat born with a silver spoon up his ass...a fuckin' idiot
Obama speaks as if he has been the most wonderful thing that happened to the US. He's been terrible for the opressed people, for minorities, thousands of illegal immigrants are returned to their countries every day. He's followed his masters' agenda carefully. Trump would be a better president for the US than Obama has been.
Trump, is millions time better than Obama and Hillary  they are  bad guys
bill o'really criticising the press! using words like orchestrated! what!?
Open Message to Donald Trump.  I am Jeff The Ghost Snider from Canada.  I have 2 questions for you.  1st should you win your Presidential election are you going to visit Canada as most President do or are you going to ignore Canada like President George Bush did on his first election to the Presidency?  2nd question.  There is jobs in Canada that rely on American headquarters in the United States keeping our jobs and our Canadian Economy going. As President of the United States are you Mr. Trump going to keep those jobs in Canada or close them to return those jobs in the United States.  Canada relies on those jobs Sir
Trump needs to follow Nixon's advice and "only attack up" and not attack those below him.
2 knuckleheads talking over one another.
In Las Vegas Hillary's Camp is sending all kinds of Flyers to the Latino Community "In Spanish mind you!"trying to scare the vote in her favor with Trump building up the wall and sending them back to Mexico. I think it's hilarious that Hillary thinks so little of us well guess what Hillary the majority of Mexican Americans can read English and the majority of Mexican Americans will vote for Donald Trump.
*Future president:" Well they started it?" l o l
OBAMA NEEDS TO STOP VIOLATING THE HATCH ACT. HE IS A CLONE DEMON POSSESSED MIND PROGRAMMED AND CONTROLLED BY DADDY BUSH. HES NOTHING MORE THAN A PUPPET.
Meanwhile, CROOKED Hil-LIAR-y is busy planning to install her very own nuclear button in her basement if she buys the presidency with the help of the PRAVDA/CASTRO/VENEZUELA PROPOGANDA Type U.S. liberal main stream media TOTALLY AND UNABASHEDLY IN THE TANK FOR THE PATHOLOGICAL LIFELONG LIAR TAXPAYER DEPENDENT HILLARY CLINTON.
RIP America if clinton wins
Hey! lets all go out to churches chicken for dinna tanite!!!
If you are still supporting trump you truly are lacking in human decency.  Hilary isn't a great option but she is leaps and bounds above this clown.
To Whom It May Concern,

On behalf of the residents of Twin Falls, Idaho, we are presenting this petition in an attempt for justice for a local five year old girl. This little girl, as stated in the news, was raped, and urinated on by three Syrian refugee boys of the ages 8, 11, and 13. The boys took her at knife point into a laundry room and proceeded to take part on the previous stated actions which was videotaped by the eldest boy. The father was also caught on tape high fiving the boys for their actions. The incident as well as the video was submitted to the police department. However, due to a language barrier, and the ages of the children involved, this case is being sealed. Many people in this community are in awe, and outraged that no consequences are being served to these boys nor their parents for this vile incident.
https://www.jihadwatch.org/2016/06/idaho-residents-call-for-justice-for-5-year-old-girl-raped-by-muslim-migrants-perps-remain-unpunished
WTF IS A GOLDSTAR FAMILY?
To Mr. Trump 
May I  know why a president that ended two war during his presidency, add two women in to the Supreme Court, support the LGBT(FYI) gays. Recovered Americas economic, fighting Isis, created more jobs and Improving America with clean energy use such as solar power be a bad president. I'm pretty sure in human history not all leader is perfect look at Hitler people think he is great until failed operation Barbarossa losing 3 million German troops and then killing himself
He is such a racist pig
He is so right about the press being dishonest!!!
I'll tell u what's weak! your fucken hair you shit brain
TRUMP for President and am no even living in the States BUT his Presidency will impact the rest of the world. This many of you do not realise it ..
He said he was viciously attacked but the mother of the soldier didn't say anything so wtf trump your bs and tantrum is soooo far out of hand what an idiot.
DONALD TRUMP WILL WIN THE 2016 PRESIDENTIAL RACE...
fuck Obama in his demonic neck...
Obama, what a piece of shit !
and why is Obama to blame for what Putin does...and yes refocus him back to those issues O`Reilly are you going to be in oval office refocusing him back everyday sir, keep spoon feeding him.  The very many who said it are not running for president.  You are right Mr. Trump the real media will be done because of fake news media like Fox.
Trump is a man with a vision for America, not a specific vision, a great vision...the best vision...Trump has a plan to make this country great again....What plan??....a great plan...a plan that will work because it's the best plan.....Why???... because Trump knows good people...which people???....the best people....people that are not stupid like other people....people who know how to get deals done...what deals???...great deals...the biggest deals... because I know words... What words???...I have the best words... I get my information from watching TV... I consult with myself because I have a great brain... A great brain???...the best brain...Trump will also build a big wall to keep Mexicans out and he will make Mexico pay for it!...How....??? its all part of the great plan!...ISIS will be gone very, very quickly...How???... I won't tell you.. It's a secret !!!... (This guy is a one-man circle jerk and he is only about entertaining the uneducated who love him and his great plan. He's all air - no substance. And he is their Champion.) Credit to Matt D for writing this.
Well , im am not american , i see why almost everyone hate trump , but to me he is the most real candidate to the presidence your country ever had . I think even the media are against him because he speaks his mind , theres a fucking conspiracy to keep those guys in power , and like him or not , trump has BALLS. He is a fucking billionaire, and a very smart man in business for what i see. You people are being manipulated , i wish i had a president like that in my country .
hes such a dipshit. it's pretty painful to watch.
I'm sorry Republicans. I'm an independent and don't like either nominees. Hillary's as obviously a liar as he is an unintelligent bullshit artist. hes going to regret what he's done to his name brand probably
damn Trump sounds like an idiot lmao
when will someone tell bill o reilly , he is fucking wrong!! trump had every right to bring the wife into the convo when we know that fucking muslim is a sharia over constition gambit. BILL O REILLY, SHUT UP< YOURE ALWAYS WRONG!
Totally ill informed. He's full of crap.
Bill Orelleily world worst mother fucker
why the fuck is obola still breathing, is like a plague of hate. Meanwhile his daughter is shaking her nasty ass for attention, and chelsea clinton has a rapist father, but liberal media will have you question a man who raises his children as formidable people,. obama takes drugs, gets his dick sucked by men, plays golf for weeks every two months, and hates whites. If americans cant see the truth, then they derseve to lose their place as world superpower, they have not been that in a long time. Pick up the pieces, put all those globalist traitors in guantanamo and build USA to former glory. And kill every fucking muslim who isnt remotely moderate, they are child fuck followers.
No!!! donald you do not know!!! YOU WILL LOOSE THIS NOVEMBER STUPID OLD POS!!!!!!
The man is unstable and unhinged. He lacks any sort of sanejudgment and should be tested for his own good. Putin owns him.
TRUMP 2016! PERIOD!
America voted for Trump to get him this far. I did vote Republican but not for him. I thought there were better candidates then him regardless of who I voted for but he did win anyways....I will never vote for Hillary and I told everyone that there is no way I could vote for a Democrat with the way they have acted in the past few years on many things.....so if Trump is on the ballot he has my vote!
trump= liar.........O'reilly = douchebag
Maybe the guy at the DNC is a con-man.
It's funny how every time Obama makes a hand movement you hear the cameras go crazy in the backround.
I'm just surprised of how much Obama has included himself in this election. He's doing essentially the same thing with england leaving the EU. Then Brexit happens.
trump is inciting racism here
No more lawyers or career politicians in the WH. Hit-ery is both.
Obama keeps attacking Trump over and over again !
shut up.
you have so much on your own dirty plate
all you can do is
verbally abuse 
you are Awful
you are prejudiced as hell
Obama is the win thump is nothing
Trump was "viciously attacked" by WORDS ? Must be a tough man who can defend himself against WORDS. So why isnt Trump "viciously attacking" ISIS instead of a fallen soldiers mother ??
The guys at the Kremlin must be having a blast. Hehe
Obama is weak , We Want TRUMP , Vote TRUMP.
Get these fucking Muslims out of our country. Thanks Trump!
He reads a lot and he watches a lot.

I wouldn't want a President to be so easily influenced by Newspapers and Television.
He sees a lot, he watches a lot, but he doesn't listen a lot.  He has a very thin skin and utters a lot of nonsensical BS as well.
Trump for president
"Most papers covered what I said accurately, some didn't because the president is so dishonest."

Huh? How can you Trump supporters not see this man for what he is? Everyone and everything that does not support him is dishonest or failing or the worst ever.

Besides what little in the way of policy he has put out there, he is a child, and as he has said, if attacked he is going to attack back. How easy it would be for some nation, or even some movement, to goad him into WW3 and Nuclear War.

He does not only not get my vote, I will actively oppose him.
7.15, Reilly putting words into his mouth. Pathetic. Shit makes me laugh hard. :D
Crooked hillary supporters are retarded. Wake up and take a good,  long look at her pathetic record. She's a liar and will totally destroy this Country.  Trump for President all the way!!
LYING TRUMP''''''' DID YOU REALLY DUCK THE DRAFT AND GET A 4F RATTING  WHILE YOU WERE PLAYING BASEBALL.  DID YOU REALLY MAKE FUN OF JOHN  McCAIN GETTING CAPTURED.   DO ALL THE OTHER VETS THINK THAT is OK.    WILL YOU MAKE FUN OF VETS  WHEN THAY GET CAPTURED OR KILLED   WHEN YOU ARE PRESIDENT.    WILL THE REST OF YOUR FOLLOWERS  MAKE FUN OF THE VETS TOO.      DID YOUR  FOLLOWERS  CHEER YOU ON WHEN SAID  THIS ABOUT VETS GETTING CAPTURED.   ONE OF YOUR FOLLOWERS JUST E_MAILED ME AND SAID...  FUCK  JOHN MCCAIN.
Big bad Putin respects Obama. That guy might project physical badassery but he knows the true power is in the mind, playing chess on a world scale. That's where its at and he recognises another chess master in Obama. Sheet, if this orange dummy becomes President, it will be feeding time at the zoo. And Murica is on the menu!
TRUMP 2016!  ( B Hussein O had a great experience - he was  community organizer! Trump right Hussein O  the worst ever POTUS)
Many of the comments seem to be a little heated, so now is a good time to take a deep breath, clear your mind, and hit the reset button. There are 4 candidates running for president. You are going to do some research on their background. You will be interviewing them for a job. Get out some paper and label 4 areas with their names then under each write pro(good) and con(bad) or something to that effect. The candidates are Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton, Jill Stein, and Gary Johnson. Wikipedia is a good place to startto reada basic biography. When you do research try to read as unbiased reports as possible, at least in the beginning. As you learn more move on to their speeches and listen carefully to what they are saying and more importantly, what they are not saying. All politicians are like magicians, experts at the art of misdirection. When you are finished you should have some real data to base your vote and opinions on!
Trump is a tremendous asshole...
Hi guys , watch O'Reilly's background closely. Do you notice something? It's 3D !
THE WHOLE PROBLEM WITH THE WORLD IS THAT FOOLS AND FANATICS ARE ALWAYS SO CERTAINS OF THEMSELVES AND WISER PEOPLE SO FULL OF DOUBTS

                                                    BERTRAND RUSSELL.
Trump called out this "Gold star family" for the frauds they were right off the bat. The father is a Sharia law supremacist who wrote papers saying Sharia law supersedes the constitution and there he was lecturing Trump on the constitution. He used his sons death - which was at the hands of Muslims who follow Sharia law by the way - to push forth this bullsht that Trump wants to deport ALL Muslims including US citizens which is something Trump never said.  Khan said all this sht only because he has a financial interest in the Clinton foundation, HE is the one who dishonored his own family, not Trump!
Yes, Take over the White House.....General Election is coming Soon......... Go Trump.... "Make america great........Enforce the law and order........
"gold star family"   BAAAAAHAAAAAHAAAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
Look at that psycho scowl on Trump's face.  A very very smart probably maybe big self-important man with the IQ of an 8 yr. old---- "I went to an ivy league school, I'm very educated, I know words, I have the best words".  Said 'I will be the best jobs president that God ever created".  Hillary 'is the devil".  About Mike Pence "He's like the most perfect human being",.  Trump said he "knows more about ISIS than the generals do".  And I could go on and on and on and on.  He is a mental adult child.
I honestly HATE listening to "Mr Obama" at this point (voted for him twice) ...

"TRUMPENCE" (2016) !!!
Obama hates Trump because the birther question, collage transcript question, Muslim question and onand on. Trump will be the next President of these United States of America! The Democrats can shove it up their ass.
No one has taken over Crimea
Obama is definitely the worst, along with Jimmy Carter. Both had disastrous Mid East policies. Carter didn't lie like Obama. Hillary could  be in a LIAR contest. She tells some real whoppers.
Trump is a complete waste of time and waste of space...he is at a loss with Hillary come November!
I hate the family lost their son, but they are both BUTT UGLY. Needed to NOT be on stage.
Hillary's lies are rampant. She even believes them.
Politifact - Trump's comments and statements have been 70% Mostly False, False or Pants on Fire (outright fabrication.)  Clinton - 27%  Obama, just for fun - 26%.
Trump's False or PoF = 55%  Clinton = 13%  Obama = 14%
Trump's PoF = 19%  Clinton = 2%  Obama = 2%
Crooked Hillary Clinton for prison
attack???? shiiit LMFAO!! dont ever provoke this man!!
Fox is fair to trump the Clinton News Network is not.
trump is the classic case of a whiny ass pussy.....he can dish it out but he can't take it
Trump is a leader.  He is strong and other countries will think twice about messing with him.  The media is so against him, 8 out 10 reports on Trump are negative and he still prevails.  The American people are like sheep, how could the press who are owned by key interest groups be fair, and the Americans are eating it up.  No one owns this guy and the American people should be happy about that.  America is being run into the ground by politicians wouldn't be refreshing to see what a nonpolitical candidate could do? We often hear of how we need to show our kids to speak their minds, be confident be yourselves and stand up for your ideas.  Is that not what Trump is all about in action.   The media loves him for the ratings but they are terribly bias. Hilary is the worst type of politician and the only thing that would be nice about her is that USA would have it's first woman president either than that I hate everything she stands for.
how come you cant ever answer a fucking question morron... Go the hell with your Bullshit.. YOURE THE BIGGEST PIECE OF SHIT THIS COUNTRY EVER HAD... I SHIT ON YOU AND ALL YOUR STUPID FOLLOWERS.
Liberal logic: Guy insults me, I insult him back, and somehow I'm the attacker when the other side initiated the confrontation. Newspaper says Trump said X, then every libtard then goes on to say Trump is this that and the third.
Many Many people said it!, perhaps they did, but they are not running for fucking presidency!  what a clown.
I vote to get rid of this devisive office called the presidency!!It only serves to devide us all as we take sides...we don't need it anymore..
i am pretty confident mrs. clinton will make it, by far by the way, since mr. krumpf is making hdfjfugkfkke all over and over. and over. and over
As Trump said previously, if it was down to Trump he would still be alive....
wow, Trump is afraid of the New York Times and CNN, lol
Yes I am a Trump supporter. Yes I am a Republican. But all biased aside. Look at Hillary Clinton. Crooked. Vile. Sneaky. Stupid. She was apart of every disastrous trade agreement. Even Bernie Sanders doesn't trust her and he questions her judgment
Trump is a bad joke to anyone with an IQ over 8.
O'Reilly gives Trump some big brotherly commiseration and advice on how to handle making a fool of himself -- blame the one who calls you on it for setting you up, and take the high ground to sit on while you lick your wounded butt.  It's Bullies' Plan B all over again:  when the object of your bullying bites back, scream immediately that you yourself are being "viciously attacked" (use that exact phrase every time to make a rallying cry for your mindless supporters)  and get as many people as possible to pity you and curse your victim.  O'Reilly has been doing it for years.  Maybe he should charge Trump $35,000 for a course in the technique.
wow fagot jew pawn he wants it to be the story of the year ,,fagot jew spin media
what a fagot question amazing ..fox is as evil as the rest..jews are evil .. he is trying to dance around
FUCK DONALD TRUMP!!!
that fucking monkey of the JEW, obabla,attacking Mr Trump, when it's obabla the lying empty headed puppet of the JEW that is sending USA SOLDiers into the Middle  East, so that their  families can become GOLD STAR FAMILIES.
ALL OF THE JEWS< ALL OF THE POLITICIANS THE JEW CORRUPTS, making America a GOLD STAR family for israel.'
Joe Magnets
The stupid shit told Stephanopoulos "He's not going into Crimea," meaning Putin.  Now he has more foreign policy knowledge than anybody?  Dunning-Krueger doesn't even cover it.
The liberal media, Clinton News Network, all these people just rob the American public  blind and no one seems to care.....unbelievable to me!  I want Trump to win hands down, but we all know the whole thing is a scam and Crooked Hillary will end up winning.  God help us, cause this country is literally about to hit rock bottom
Obama is god
of course this guy Khan , the bad muslims, the mexicans, the drug cartels, isis, some blacks will be against trump. see? now muslims are good and trump the bad .... incredibly as is.
Is it me or does Obama seem like he's dozing off when he talks. Fucking, out with it man!!
Well at least Trump doesn't have blood on his hands like Obama and Hillary for lying and abandoning the ambassador and the soldiers trying to protect him. At least you can't say  he was aiding and supporting ISIS and letting ass holes into our country unchecked whose purpose it is is to kill as many American citizens on American  soil. At least he's not responsible for allowing Iran to have nuclear weapons and paying our enemy over a billion dollars in hostage hush money. At least he supports our freedom of speech and to bare arms. At least he trust the American citizens more so than Killery and Obama. WE THE PEOPLE ARE MORE SO MISS TRUSTED THAN THE BASTARDS BEING LET INTO AMERICA.
Obama you were prepared and did nothing.   You're not a president you're more of a movie star
The problem is that the USA has large number of below average intelligence white trash that Donald Trump is aiming his campaign at. He's a con man and it would be a disaster if he gets in. He had the same personality and views as Hitler and we know what happened there. I pray you guys stop drinking moonshine and come to your senses before November. Donald Trump President of the USA. You have got to be fucking kidding me?!?!?
Oh shut up you dummY!!!!
thrump defend yourself they attacked you first, give them hell
Trump was 100% right , point blank ,.. all media is wrong,.. the lie all the time ,. they are owned by the worse people inthe world ,. sorry they are not people ,my bad ,. Satin is more like it ,. hillary and obama are puppets ,.. we all know this and people are waking up ,.. we need to take our country back ,. people for the people ,.. world war 3 will be with nukes,. world war 4 will be with sticks and stones
He reminds me at Eric the midget from Howard Stern, he can't take any criticism , this guy trump is a total joke, sociopath mental case..
Obama, you were a COMMUNITY ORGANIZER. How dare you claim Trump is 'Woefully Unprepared' to be president. Are you kidding me you F*n Team Hillary hypocrite!
trump ass go out of my youtube
its baffling how Americans still like this proud and self-centered man, it really makes no sense.
I love reading the comment's especially about Obama still having too run the country. Yeah so far he's run it as far in the ground as he can . For a man that ran as constitutionalist he sure dropped the ball on that , either that or he's a piece of shit LIAR. Which we all know too be true of Obama and Hillary.
Can he put together one coherent sentence with a beginning and end??
Fuck that bastard in the white house. Lying SOB!
trump is bipolar depression.
AND WHAT HAVE YOU DONE TO BETTER THIS COUNTRY, OBAMA?
if you attack someone expect to be attacked back pussy dems
Obama would have to go a long long way to ever even close to as POOR as George Bush,
TRUMDICK LOSSES COME NOVEMBER. Its as simple as that
Harvard Republican ClubDear Members and Alumni,In every presidential election since 1888, the members and Executive Board of the Harvard Republican Club have gathered to discuss, debate, and eventually endorse the standard-bearer of our party. But for the first time in 128 years, we, the oldest College Republicans chapter in the nation, will not be endorsing the Republican nominee.Donald Trump holds views that are antithetical to our values not only as Republicans, but as Americans. The rhetoric he espouses from racist slander to misogynistic taunts is not consistent with our conservative principles, and his repeated mocking of the disabled and belittling of the sacrifices made by prisoners of war, Gold Star families, and Purple Heart recipients is not only bad politics, but absurdly cruel.If enacted, Donald Trumps platform would endanger our security both at home and abroad. Domestically, his protectionist trade policies and draconian immigration restrictions would enlarge our federal deficit, raise prices for consumers, and throw our economy back into recession. Trumps global outlook, steeped in isolationism, is considerably out-of-step with the traditional Republican stance as well. The flippancy with which he is willing to abdicate the United States responsibility to lead is alarming. Calling for the US withdrawal from NATO and actively endorsing nuclear proliferation, Donald Trumps foreign policy would wreak havoc on the established world order which has held aggressive foreign powers in check since World War II.Perhaps most importantly, however, Donald Trump simply does not possess the temperament and character necessary to lead the United States through an increasingly perilous world. The last week should have made obvious to all what has been obvious to most for more than a year. In response to any slight perceived or real Donald Trump lashes out viciously and irresponsibly. In Trumps eyes, disagreement with his actions or his policies warrants incessant name calling and derision: stupid, lying, fat, ugly, weak, failing, idiot and thats just his fellow Republicans.He isnt eschewing political correctness. He is eschewing basic human decency.Donald Trump, despite spending more than a year on the campaign trail, has either refused or been unable to educate himself on issues that matter most to Americans like us. He speaks only in platitudes, about greatness, success, and winning. Time and time again, Trump has demonstrated his complete lack of knowledge on critical matters, meandering from position to position over the course of the election. When confronted about these frequent reversals, Trump lies in a manner more brazen and shameless than anything politics has ever seen.Millions of people across the country are feeling despondent. Their hours have been cut, wages slashed, jobs even shipped overseas. But Donald Trump doesnt have a plan to fix that. He has a plan to exploit that.Donald Trump is a threat to the survival of the Republic. His authoritarian tendencies and flirtations with fascism are unparalleled in the history of our democracy. He hopes to divide us by race, by class, and by religion, instilling enough fear and anxiety to propel himself to the White House. He is looking to to pit neighbor against neighbor, friend against friend, American against American. We will not stand for this vitriolic rhetoric that is poisoning our country and our children. President Reagan called on us to maintain this, our shining city on a hill. He called on us to maintain freedom abroad by keeping a strong presence in the world. He called on us to maintain liberty at home by upholding the democratic process and respecting our opponents. He called on us to maintain decency in our hearts by loving our neighbor.He would be ashamed of Donald Trump. We are too. This fall, we will instead focus our efforts on reclaiming the Republican Party from those who have done it considerable harm, campaigning for candidates who will uphold the conservative principles that have defined the Republican Party for generations. We will work to ensure both chambers of Congress remain in Republican hands, continuing to protect against executive overreach regardless of who wins the election this November.We call on our partys elected leaders to renounce their support of Donald Trump, and urge our fellow College Republicans to join us in condemning and withholding their endorsement from this dangerous man. The conservative movement in America should not and will not go quietly into the night.A longtime student of American democracy, Alexis de Tocqueville once said, America is great because she is good. If America ceases to be good, America will cease to be great. De Tocqueville believed in the United States. Americans are a decent people. We work hard, protect our own, and look out for one another in times of need, regardless of the color of our skin, the God we worship, or our party registration. Donald Trump may not believe in that America, but we do. And that America will never cease to be great.The Harvard Republican Club
626 Motherfuckers Who eats my Shit!! Hillary Supporters
Dumb and dumber over here
Vote for Trump! End the cultural marxism finally! End the Jooish domination finally!
Who support Hillary representedthe same despicable moralslike this evil women !!!
Trump can talk about lying, he's an expert.
I don't care about Trump's comment at all. He'd still have my vote. Besides, the young Khan was there in the army for the money only. He did not give a rat's ass about white Americans; who knows what he would do to whites had there been a more violent conflict with Islam. White Americans should vote for Trump, as he is the only person who cares about them. I am from Poland and I would vote for Trump. My family in Pennsylvania loves Trump and is going to support him no matter what.
Trump is a bigot and a sociopath.
Actually we already have an agreement between Russia, US and several European countries (e.g. France) to oppose ISIS. I am stunned by his profound knowledge
he was viciously attacked?....by someone's mom?
Your awesome Trump!
The truth hurts. . Go Trump! Go.. Go.. Trump. ...
why the hell is he pausing every 2 seconds
Look at YOUR accomplishments then look at his.....Only Fools would vote for your choice of canadates....Who voted for you anywho...sure wasn't me.....GO Trump!!!
Leftist, pushing of your ideals has caused a massive reaction in the other direction!
Two con artists discussing about honesty! How nice that is?
Donald Trump would be the best thing for America and the world
What the fuck is Trump talking about?!!!! Rambling insults and lies!!!
Everytime I hear Trump talk, I get a f*cking headache.
Ich hoffe Trump gewinnt ich mag die Clinton nicht
One of the most distasteful things about this whole affair with the Khans, is that Hillary Clinton and the DNC blatantly and wrongly used them for their own political motives.  Nasty beyond imagination and par for the cause  for Hillary Clinton who uses people without any concerns about personal fallout (remember what happened to the head of the travel office).
Trump needs to be viciously attacked in his sleep
Sorry Trump. I said this already. Steps are being made to stop you. Sorry its over.
Why Do Republicans fail to see that if Donald becomes president, he will cause WW3 by using nuclear warfare against ISIS?
sometimes i feel sympathy for trump as he slowly realises the world simply aint fair
The apprentice candidate Mr Trump will never be suitable for the Commander in Chief job. He has a huge mouth that lack discipline and his mind lack depth on critical issues. Stupidly Huge ! and unfit !
Could that half-wit Obama possibly speak any slower.
Trump do us a favor! Quit this election and stop acting like a child. If you want to win, you have to show to the american people you are a good educated leader.  So far, you are acting like a stupid clown for the media to make fun of. Maybe you need a new wife.
Obama looks like he's half asleep.
fuck obama!
so sick of the liberals trying to dissolve US Sovereignty. They are by definition treasonous, a crime punishable by death....
hod this is absolutely cringe- inducing. Narcissism , ignorance, rudeness, and dishonesty are all traits that trump managed to present throughout this interview. the fact he became the Republican candidate for president is just sad.
I hope Donald trump dies..............any painful death will do
fucking gold star family what am I a shit star family
Well watching Clinton speaking right now.......just can't see trumpy getting more than about 40% of the vote come the election.
trump will never win. you're all morons.
Obama asleep at the wheel for 8 years and not one cop pulled him over and shot him.
Such a great fit! Bill O'Reilly, the most unprofessional, biased joke of a reporter on television and whoever that orange guy is ... Whats the matter with his supporters? Nothing he says is true or makes sense at all. He always "hears" and "feels" things relying on the ignorance of his brainwashed supports who are too dim-witted to do a simple fact check after one of his ridiculous statements ... Unbelievable, but mostly just sad for America!
the greatest threat to the democrats, and news media, is an individual who thinks for themselves, without permission, God Bless Donald Trump
I THINK THE DONALD IS MAD AT OBAMA BECAUSE HE GOT ROASTED!
A bunch of idiots on here talking about voting for Trump. A bunch of dumps.
I would love it if Obama, Oreilly and Trump all blew each other.
Donald Trump:  CHINGA TU MADRE, PINCHE GRINGO PUTO, JUNTO CON EL PENDEJO RUCO DECREPITO DEL BILL O'REILLY,LOS DOS HIJOS DE PUTA VENGAN Y CHUPENME LA VERGA, IMBECILES.
JACK LONDON! THE TRUE AMERICAN IDEA IS ANARCHY!
Trump is a national embarrassment and has attracted nedneck imbeciles, brain dead skin heads and other functional illiterates using cunning, bigot bait + paranoia and they heil their fuhrer excusing, denying, overlooking, every, lie, political deficiency and stupid remark, blindly cheering him up the greasy pole, and they do it because they found a home with the rest of the GOP creeps and losers....
RESPONDING TO WHITE BOY IN A WHITE HOUSE. DONALD IS THE BEST. AS A LEADER OF ANRACHIST PARTY OF RUSSIA AND FUTURE PRESIDENT OF RUSSIAN FEDERATION I DEFINITELY SUPPORT HIM FOR THE PRESIDENCY OF UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.
Im just curious too see how this country would be if trump was president..
Obama using a obviously stacked and placed moral trap to fire off nothing comments.
check out my small loan of a milion dollar edit that i have made xD
0:59 Woah woah woah, sorry but how are you any better than him? You becoming president is probably the worst idea, geez ur so ignorant and dumb, go get a life because your honestly gonna bring America down
people need to really do some research and look closely at the role the media is playing in fanning the flames of shaming Donald and lifting Hillary. Obama is the biggest disgrace to this country! 400 million given to a country that wants to destroy us! Hillary and Obama are dirty and the deaths of many on their hands! Khan was a set up and like when someone is lying I won't stand for it and neither should anyone else...a lie is a lie no matter who's mouth it comes out of!
Donald J. Trump is a nutjob.
It's the first time I actually got cancer from reading the comment section.
Trump is scum. Pure scum.
The difference between Trump and a 8 year old kid is........ (trying hard)
obama is as dumb as a brick, and I have said from the beggining he was the worst president ever and thats saying alot considering there were two bushes
What's gonna make me laugh so hard is when Trump gets the presidency and all these losers who are talking shit will shut the fuck up!!!!
Obama IS the worst president america has ever had, by far, i'd say.
Just answer the question Donald, don't beat around the bushes. Obama isn't the worst, he's the best president ever. His approval ratings are amazingly higher than any other president!
All you bums whining about Obama and calling him dumb.  Guess what, he's accomplished more in 12 years than you, your entire bloodlines, past, present and future, will ever accomplish until the end of time.  To top if off, you think Cheeto Chump will make a good president, you bunch of rubes, LOL. So how dumb does that make you all?
sitting here in Germany, this is the first usa election I am watching. Once because I am extremely entertained by it but also because I am horrified by the thought the international community might break apart again. to the 50 percent trump voters,  please keep in mind, we are scared of a man like that willing to nuke Syria, willing to end the Nato, whether you like it or not, no part of the world can possibly separate itself from the rest without becoming a police state. think hard about what kind of country you want to life in. yours sincerely,  every European citizen.
Obama is the worst president America ever had. I dont agree that Hillary would be even worse though.
The trumpkins will never consider voting for anyone else no matter how many unfavorable facts you throw at them about their orange blowhard god. It doesn't work. It's what we call "cognitive dissonance". The best way I can explain it is that it's like playing chess with a pigeon. No matter how good you are, they will always knock down all the pieces, shit all over the board, and strut around like they're victorious.
Hillary landed under sniper fire...not
trump has my vote.
Dear Trump supporters, there is so much I want to ask you but I will try and keep this short and simple. 

First of all, his slogan is "Make America great again". Does he mean the entire north and south America? Or just the north? Or for some reason just USA in the north America? Second, the word 'again' is in his motto, which means that he wants to bring it back to a period of time when it was great. What years do you mean? What years was America greater than it is today? 

This is a question that me and 99% of the rest of the world is asking: Why the fuck are you voting for a childish psycopath with outdated views of the worldto be in the most powerful position in the world??? Who is supported by the leaders of Russia and North Korea. That tells me a lot. 

Thanks for answers!
This is why the rest of the world looks at America as fucking retarded. God help you all if he gets elected.
Donald trump attacking every one in America.its like your ex-girlfriend that you brock  up with and showing up every where u go just to make u angry and do something stupid so u can get arrested.so by provoking Mexican Muslim immigrants.womens and son some one will get pissed and try to assassinate him then what do u think will happen in america.look back at the history.how did the first world war started Rwandan genocide Vietnam.i think trump his asking for that.that is just my opinions.
Sad to lose a son, even sadder to ride his corpse to fame.
Didn't the gold star family attack Trump because he wants to ban muslims yet he has a muslim son who was killed by a muslim in Iraq which hillary voted for? Khan works for hillary. Khan is a disgrace to his son.
As a retired Professional Audio Engineer who has worked with many MSM networks I can tell you that Obama has an earpiece on where everything he says is channeled to him via the earpiece. This is why he is speaking so slow and cautiously. His responses are fed to him. Obama is too STUPID to answer on his own . He is nothing but a pupit for the Zionist who control everything he does.
Hahahahaa.....American Trump voters... the rest of the world pitties your souls...
If president obama was saying half of this crap that trump is saying, the republicans would have a field dam. The sad part of this is that all of you see the lies but are so blind by hating the Democrats that you would rather hit bottom than choosing the most reputable choice!!! Wow!!! I see where your love for this country is.
Well remember what happened in Germany back in March 1933 and what happened afterwards?
Hillary made light of four dead in Bhengazi as she said,What difference does it make! Do you want to hear that about your children?
Trump lost me when he didn't know about Russia taking Crimea. How much work could he get done as president if he feels the need to respond to every little criticism? That's some schoolgirl shit! He has no problem punching down at the little guy, yet he has NO response to Warren Buffett a lot closer to his "level". His "many people", "I've heard" way of presenting has worn me out. Can't defend him anymore. Full of shit crybaby.
Material is coming to light that Mr. Khan is a big proponent of Sharia Law. It's possible his son didn't agree with his father's concepts and became a US citizen to escape certain aspects of his past. For the Dems, this is another episode of highlighting the criminal and glorifying them, like Michael Brown's mother, who attacked his grandmother and stole what money she made selling shirts with his picture on them. Are there any decent people in the Democratic Party, who recognize the depths current leaders will go to to win what they want? In one of her latest speeches, Hillary said she'd raise taxes on the middle class and people cheered her!
Ezequiel olvera, y es hes the president and he still has to run the country, but not run a cover up candidate ( gotzillary) thats not Mxico.
Ezequiel olvera, y es hes the president and he still has to run the country, but not run a cover up candidate ( gotzillary) thats not Mxico.
AWA lam ,why  are your in u.s.a if  "your country" is such a wonder?
Trump r psykiskt pigg how amerikansk trust him
The way he talks and arguments is perfect for people without common sense, critical thinking and intelligence. Just babbeling for the most part. Noobcake xD
who ever is voting for Trump or even Clinton are nave and dumb.
Obama may not be the perfect president but at least he is definetly better than Trump [Just my opinion]
The President needs to be able to comfort grieving parents. This man provides no comfort.
Obama speaks low, fatalistic and depressing tone, which he thinks might be effective. Then you wake up when Trump opens your eyes!
When trump wins and all you wacko liberals go nuts and start attacking people it will give us a reason to shoot your sorry asses, make America great again, VOTE TRUMP 2016
Bla bla bla. This guy (Trump) is a joke.
Read a lot? Yea, the Noddy books in elementary school,  maybe.  Even than doubtful.  Watch a lot, now we are talking.  Trump's lifeline is TV.
Isn't it funny how professional career politicians who seem to have got so many things wrong now parade themselves as the only people who can solve the problems they created? 
Come on America here is your Brexit moment vote Mr. Trump
John McCain is not a hero, he spend 3 years in the pit, where Vietnamese piss on him
He was defending the freedom women have in the United States. Unless of course you're muslim. Why don't people get it?
Record lows? Really? We now have 4.5% unemployment vs. 12% during GW Bush.
trump looks like he is yo yoing  a turd lol
In................Asia.......in.......................uhhhh..........the middle east......uhh................
As of right now, I don't hear any report about any voting suppression. Possibly because Hillary may have the votes. Governor Rick Scott can't rig Florida against Hillary Clinton either. When the American kids turn 18 between August and before November 8, they'll either vote for Hillary, or stay home. And don't listen to Michael Moore about him saying he predicts that Trump will win in November. He's playing some game and trying to scare the Democratic voters. It possibly won't work. If Trump should win, he will turn the United States into a pubic obscenity. Especially in front of little children. And don't even listen to him saying that this election will be rigged either. He's also trying to scare Democratic voters too. As for the Senate race, there's momentum for the Democratic candidates in Pennsylvania & New Hampshire by new registered young voters.
Fuck Trump bitchass. You fucking filthy ass crackheads will support this guy who can literally barely articulate his thoughts. This guy is fucking privileged bonehead. His sentence structures are that of a five year old. Seriously this is fucking ridiculous this bozo made it this far. Utter failure on behalf of white America particularly old ass POS white men. Get it through your thick empty skulls...that white power shit is dead bitch. You're a minority and you bet your ass majority will rule as always
Mr. Trump is in Wisconsin today.  The three top Republicans of the state to include the Governor and Speaker of the House are not there. Let me do my Trump supporter imitation:  "Fuck those three fuckin back stabbers"   Trump Trump Trump!!  How did I do?
he called their sons hero. how is that attacking the family? Obama is just a fucking dumbass. he has to lie in hopes that Hillary will win.
LOL - BURRRRRRRN! .... nice one trumpy boy
Why doesn't he talk about REAL ISSUES that we live daily. But he is a horrible person trying to assassinate the character of great public servants. As Liz Mar said, He's a loudmouth dick.
Trump reminds me of Kim jong-un of North Korea
What an asshole...
Look who owns fox nwo
Not talking about mr trump
President
Oh this is a Fox news comment section alright.
Trump is a monkey    monkek have brian  but he does not . fuck him . and his pussy wife
Allen comes interviewed Sandra Rios recently and she said the Khan family had labeled their son an apostate (?) because he was  fighting for America? Sharia forbids them from serving for the infidel?
My sister disowned her son because he's serving in the military today as it is against her religion,  j. witness.  
So, it sounds as if both men here joined proudly, serving/ served, regardless of family....now that's super American gold star stuff!!!! 
Go Trump, you speak the truth , and they fall on their PC  sword...God bless America and all gold stars who have served and serve!!!
Donald Trump is most qualified person to be next American President, who will teach Muslim people about birth control & will eliminate all Muslim Terrorist from this mother earth.
haha Trump is cool
Donald Trump actually says only reasonable things, the bad rep he gets is due to the fact that he is living in a falling country, full of idiot who is not a world power in economy anymore,you cannot be a world leader in economy with more than 60 % external debt, only in a military sense can you be considered so.
All the people who vote for Trump should also be prepared to go to war (I mean enlist).
You can be sure there won't be any Democrats, Muslims, Mexicans or Blacks who are gonna sacrifice their life because Trump decided to invade some country out of the blue.
Barack Obama is a despicable human being. Jimmy Carter must be happy to know he is no longer considered the worst living president. January 20th, 2017 cannot come fast enough.
I advise everyone ..... dont read the Comments you will catch cancer
I'm European and if I was american I wouldn't hesitate a second to vote for TRUMP. He is the leader the free world needs! Power back to the people.
If everyone took to the streets like in Egypt, Obama would be gone in 2 days.
President Donald Trump... Keep saying that to yourselves , get used to it now..
Obama Is Getting Slow... Time To Go Buddy... FUCK YOU HILLARY!!!!!
Obama pausing uh duh uh uh duh, Fuck the Khan story. Total fake bullshit. Obama faking like he's about to cry. Obama is soft as hell.
Trump's mouth is like the energizer rabbit...
Says the man who kept asking a world player he brings in and asks three times. Why can't we Nuke them. Because we open the door to bring A war here dumb ass.
Trump is a cunt.
Trump is Biff from Back to the future. The hair tells all.
To Trump, please, I beg you don't give the election away on purpose, we will support you.
Advice to Mr Trump,for what its worth,when your opponent is delivering a flurry of punches cover up and let him wear himself out.
Gold Star Criminals who sacrificed everyone who got in their way
All that bullshit that isn't true about Obama that Trump said, is all about himself. Thank you for understanding me Trump.
I like the way one of our generals put it,"Obama is a pussy." Go Trump.
Face slightly turned right and tilted down.
I like how he always makes (same) serious face in all interviews as if he is not a clown.
Fox news stands for Whites Only. Minorities need not apply
Isn't using a political platform like the DNC unethical to make a statement like that against the opposing candidate? If you're willing to backpack off a warmongerer's campaign who is more likely to start WW3 by sending thousands of other families to their death, then you better be prepared for blowback. Obama and Clinton have been instrumental in setting up ISIS anyway. Trump is the only candidate willing to cooperate with their allies and opt for a smarter geopolitical strategy in the Middle East.
a family which has made extra ordinary sacrifices for there country? Plenty of families with dead soilders, sure they may not hve died a hero sving others, fact is they still died for the legal mafia which is - partly known as - the united states government .And the sacrifice of dead soliders is the same for all families I mean,, there is nothing " extra ordinary about it.Obama and the legal mafia are such slimy wretches , you must have to be a meth addict etc to believe them 100% on anything, and - them putting such blatant spin on there words , serves to show how dumb they think the listeners are .I'm not 100% sure but id imagine that a crack addict could believe Obama, but any 1 with a brain which they use correctly should have serious problems with Obama- Obama the great oralator snake oil salesmen
obama cant say anything, the mans a liar and has been a complete disaster for this country ever since he got into office, and even worse he dosent respect the rights of american citizens, the bastard should have been impeached the moment he tried to make that mandatory healthcare law, and now hes trying to take away guns, any president that dosent respect the rights of the american people dosent deserve to be in office,and thats why i will never vote for Hillary, she dosent respect the second amendment thats for certain, whats to keep her from coming for the rest of our rights,she proven to be corrupt, a liar, and has already before entering office stated she wont respect our rights, i may not agree with everything trump says but hes strait forward and he respects the american peoples rights,and i honestly believe that is what America needs, not another corrupt president sleeking around passing laws in the shadows, and using executive orders to get what they want, hillary will destroy freedom if she gets into office and will probably end up causing a civil war by the time her term is up, VOTE FOR TRUMP VOTE FOR FREEDOM
i always laugh that his chidren are called trumpets.
Donald trump can go burn in hell
use some bigger word donald dump
Mr. so called President Trump , the problem is u don`t listen (even in this interview also) , only talk talk talk....... and talk bull shit.......this is not about CEO its about public being servant. u must hear them.
looks like a cartoon character hahaha
As a non American I'd like to know why someone would vote for Trump ? because it seems very weird to me. Obviously in every society there are problems but I think Trump is taking advantage of unhappy with the current situation people in order to get elected... BUT he's goin' to make the situation even worse ! Just look at his facial expressions to understand ! He's not fit to be president, he's too hateful.  If someone like Trump would be the president of such a great counrty like the U.S. l honestly will fear for the future of this world...
i am from pakistan and i am muslim in my opinion if american's voted trump he is ever great president in the american history
Trump was more viciously attacked than khans son was apparently
Stop watching or supporting election because they are not in control but are told what decision to make, in a another word are puppet controled by higher force.
Fuck it who cares I'm still voting for trump
oh man, Mr Obama takes 30 minutes to give an answer
Look what Donald trump Hilary Clinton is your best option and no Obama has tried so much but be gets pushed away and trump is a revolting mess. Every country is just waiting for trump to become president and attack America and America can't do anything when the whole world is up in arms I am from England we just left the eu and its the best think we did vote Hilary plzz
Look what Donald trump Hilary Clinton is your best option and no Obama has tried so much but be gets pushed away and trump is a revolting mess. Every country is just waiting for trump to become president and attack America and America can't do anything when the whole world is up in arms I am from England we just left the eu and its the best think we did vote Hilary plzz
In my country our leading politicians just said how "unworthy" and "terrible" he is and how he can say the things he says. But my answer is: Dear "Leaders" WHY are no not making better politics so that people and opions and stuff like Trump wouldn't have to be there in the first place, also running for POTUS!? Worldwide Milliones are fedup with what is going on - that's a bottom line  - you guys are in charge you could (have) change things for the better for most - but u don't. And then you wonder and are upset if people like Trump speak out what Milliones think or say,  that we hate Muslims, that we are fedup with them , that have come this far to think so  - dealing with those bastards for so long and it's getting worse all the time. Do sth. senseful for us people, the NATIVE ones ,YOUR people and  try to give us at least the slight impression you give  a little fuck about us,  do what has to be done - and Trump and other "Rightwings" would resign and be satisfied and bake Muffins, wash their cars or sth.. And I say if Trump would also say Putin is an evil Asshole - which he is -  he would have my full support - he is my POTUS on Muslim and other Mofos who are spreading like cancer around our countries, slowly destroying us , conquering us. And we are gonna sit and wait till they take over!?  Sitting ducks!? Don't think so...
Obama is the worst president in the history of the US. He has a lot of nerve to criticize Trump. Hillary Clinton is a joke. She would just continue driving the US into the ground and into a third-world country. Come on America, get your faces out of your fucking smart phones and pay attention!!!!!
That fucking Gold Star is a sham and Obama keeps gettin at being a cunt.
Their fucking Muslim son was killed by Muslims. What is the sacrifice?. The man was fighting against the fucks that would've had him trained into ISIS i in a week.
How many AMERICAN lives have been lost fighting the son "peaceful" religion. We keep walking on egg shells in the USA. A simple "Why not bring on stage 25,000 families of American boys killed by that family's religion.
This is way easy if you take the gloves off.
Trump is mentally ill
How can anyone vote for this guy? Listen to his responses to the questions... he literally CANNOT answer any of them straight forward. He always has to attack the person first before giving some slightly related answer.
Sad really, I do believe trump had a good heart at the start of his campaign and a movement that America was in need of, but he is clearly getting eaten alive by an arena he is not accustomed to, he is getting more and more irrational. Mate you need to know how to play the game without bearing your teeth
You know that him love to kill islamic people.Such a killer
Donald Trump such a scary little ass.He scared because he think that he cant be president.I would rather choose Obama than Donald Trump.
"Go in and knock the hell out of ISIS along with Nato" hahaha. Its just one problem. US doesn't want to get rid of ISIS. US created and funded ISIS in order to get rid of Assad.
"Hillary, she have the potential to be even worse". lol
Donald Trump is a complete ass he thinks he is getting in the whitehouse think again dont nobody want he revengeful ass running the whitehouse. he bias of all nationalities besides his own. he is hotheadded and also he kisses kkk ass. Money dont always talk in his case, his mouth overload his ass. He deserves everything that happens to him. know mzybe he will stop spreading on President Obama. What comes around goes around.
This is not journalism, its like a guy giving advice to his friend like why did you do that... don't do it agai
@ 2:40,  O'Reilly  said  " let me re-focus you back "   he noticed that Trump was off point -  many disorganised thoughts. like WTF is Trump talking about?
Fuck you Fox News and Fuck you Trump!
Hey Donald Why so Serious?
win trump win America needs you.
Trump needs anger management. Name calling is so elementary!!!
donald trump is a fucking bullshit he wont to build a walls wtf
Obama is one of the best president
Trump crazy old fool
chingen a su madre trump cara de perro
Mr Trump show some tactical restraint, think of the lessons your father taught you by sending you to military academy, military strategist I believe dont war from the inside of themselves, they ultimately   close the gap for a opportunity to strike hard, and strike  with a decisive strategy to win. 
 Criticizing women is ? fuk up dumb, giving the enemy ample ammo to define the terms of engagement.
Always good to see O'Reillly sobre!

This matter with Khan has been blown up out of all proportion the man's a liberal stooge who runs (ran) an immigration service, has ties to a law firm associated with Clinton, ties to the Mosslum Brotherhood, Crack Lives Matter and still has the sheer audacity to wave a copy of the constitution in the air while accusing Trump of not reading it.

THAT IS ONE HELL OF PATHETIC ATTEMPT TO PANDER TO THE BRAINLESS! 

As far as Obama's concerned lets face it US foreign policy hasn't exactly been a roaring success, Benghazi lies, Iraq, Afghanistan, Syria, Ukraine, Crimea and then Clinton crowed about killing Gadaffi, deleted thousands of her "private" emails and constantly lies through her teeth and STILL Obama can't say or do anything other than support a lying Skank. 

Obama admitted funding and training ISIL and look where that's got the West, he's simply treading water and looking to hand over many problems including an obscene national debt to the next president and administration. After that he'll be on the gravy train for life just like good ole bill! 

THIS IS ONE ALMIGHTY HELL OF A MESS FOR ANYONE TO HAVE TO PICK UP!
This is why I love this guy. He says what's on his mind without hesitation. You're right "he is weak and he messed up the US."
Trump could not explain his attack on Mrs. Khan.
Trump or Hillary ? Anyway : In both cases there will be big problems...
Obama is a fake a 19.5 trillion national deficit fake ass, please Trump wont stop until we replace these fake loses
Obama's foreign policy had been a total disaster, above all starting a new cold war with Russia : a  dangerous nonsense ! Will see if Trump or Hillary could do it better
Obama is full of shit as usual.
obama was a senator from Chicago that did nothing he was voted in by a lot of low educated voters with no accomplishments just like hillary no accomplishments at all neither has EVER created a single job trump has hired thousands of people
Been outside in the UK looking in through the US window, D Trump looks a right chump! If he becomes  the president of the USA there will be a global shit storm! the guys a fat cat business man who wants to "expand his private empire into the public sector"
sad but true Trump is right I believe if he wins judgment is coming FROMGOD  also America needs people with backbone he is not100%the best but he really would put everything on the table .
Trump for president. Enough of this political correctness bollocks. Our generation was built by men and woman with a pair of balls and who weren't afraid to speak out. It needs to end!
1/ America and Europe, like it or not, is at war with Islam.
2/ And America has a Muslim for a President.
3/ A Muslim President that tells you TRUMP is the ''bad-guy'' ???
4/ And if you believe that, then you will believe anything and don't be late for Friday prayers.
Trump is so delusional to think Russia wants to be friends with the US...and 2) Dont criticize Obama on Russia-Ukraine diplomacy when you didn't even know yourself Russia invaded Crimea. In other words, don't criticize anyone that knows more than you on any subject.
trump 2016!!!
Are you Kidding me??????? How about Killery who has lied and commit so many crimes as a Secretary of State and let soldiers died bc her careless heart WHAT A MORON no wonder why he support another corrupt like him I cant stand him such a Liar and incompetent WORSE president EVER!!!!!
tikiduck... Right on, let them go, they are brain washed... Vote her in... Then just sit back and watch her crush this country
You guys are in for some trouble if this man gets elected...
The way I see it, a successful politician has to know how to be slightly shady.  You gotta make deals.  There is a fine line between "slightly shady" and being a complete asshole.  A completely honest person  will never get anything done.  You can't be a saint and a successful president.  But, that doesn't mean you can be a complete shitbag to everyone you meet.  Don't  call Hillary a complete liar without looking at Trump's statements.  If lying is the game, look at records and tell me Trump doesn't lie.
Trump is to intelligence what Putin is to world cooperation.  ;)
Obama and Cunt Warlock Hillary are pieces of shit
usa election are a joke :p the puppet master chose his victims ;]
muahaha....O'Reilly (got damn it...he's acting like a hurt little girl again...when I'm trying to help him) "here let me refocus you..." lol
TRUMP IS A BIG MOUTH DRAFT DODGER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
let build a wall around Trump
the only thing he knows more about ANYONE about is culture capitalism ... and tanning.
follow the ... He's in Putin's pocket
he keeps getting grumpier and grumpier looking
I cant stand to even listen to Obama ugh Shut up already
I suggest all you trump haters go back and watch some interviews going back 20 years of Trump, then go watch Hillary's she just lies and lies.He always was brutally honest and that's why he has my Vote and I truly believe he can fix America .
Fuck trump.
Am I the only one that sees through the DNC b.s. They bring in a muslim family whose son was killed and several moms of sons who were shot because they were criminals and attacked policeman. Any other solders who died for our country? All for pandering to get more minority votes. Plenty of suckers falling for the democratic party. Just look at Detroit.
Trump is a big crybaby
obama is 55 and trump is 70. but trump looks like the stronger fitter and faster one when it comes to thinking or talking.
White people's fear of Muslims always made me laugh
do you think Trump was viciously attacked is what I meant to write below, sorry.
Trump supporters, Hillary haters, etc. do any of you honestly Trump was viciously attacked? Think of what a vicious attack is, violent, vulgar, animalistic, I didn't see it as that. It was a statement for Clinton, a pro democratic, pro military, pro muslim, anti-trump statement, vicious attack? Please.
Roy Cohn would be proud of his McCarthy-like protege's consistency -- if it wasn't for the fact that he's burying himself and the GOP.
Trump, I am a republican and you are a complete disgrace to the party!
trump is such a whiney bitch
Oh yeah keep on dreaming.
"I was viciously attacked." And this is the guy who says we need tough leaders, but can't tolerate any criticism
President Obama has no right to be saying who is "unfit" to be president. He should look at the past 8 years and then he can say who is "woefully unfit" to be president.
Donald Trump's wife is not American .... why would I care what he says.
ooooh the press the press! they're so harsh and dishonest about Trump! come on Trump supporters , listen to this imbecile lie with every breath , and pretend the liberal media has CGIed him into your TV news and planted his racism in your heads.
T
Why is Trump's resting face a : I smell a fart- pouting-scowl ?
   Maybe relates to his constant defensive, "I'm so great, me me me," trying to shore up his painfully low self esteem, hurt ego.
Abominable distortion of what Trump stated by 'our president'. This is a sad distortion provided to the media for the political benefit of his 'party' and Clinton. We need a president that does not involve himself in this political contest. In this regard he is unique---no recollection of any president so vocal in the attempt to demean the character of the opposing party's candidate. His bolstering of Clinton is doing harm to this country, enhancing the division, and undermining the good things that he has done.
Trump is a member of the KKK of coarse poor white people like him. White people are scared of black people . Dumb black coons vote for Trump thats why its only a few of them. Hillary isn't a vocal racist so uneducated blacks vote for her. The wise black folks that know what plan needs to be initiated don't vote. I suggest white folks recognize the injustice and fight with us or you'll be an enemy
Trump gets criticized and he attacks a mother. WTF people open your eyes. He's not even in the same League as obama.
Right ON Mr Trump
You speak the TRUTH about obamba
obamba is a LOUSY leader & NEEDS to GO!!

TRUMP for PRESIDENT 2016!
Donald Trump is using a repeating pattern in his interviews: "I don't just say it, a lot of people say it. People who attack me must have very low ratings." It's getting fucking predictable and makes his orangutan face more punchable by the minute
don't let dunul trump win
Obama....evil muslim traitor...lover of Islam...Judas to America
Obama has had almost 8 years to "get prepared" still incompetent!
How did Trump attack the family??
It is a No-Brainer....TRUMP SUCKS
What has Trump sacrificed to be worthy of the presidency? God! He's had to put up with the biased, lying media pundits who pounce on every nit-picky thing he does and says because he's not a stiff-shirt teleprompter-robot like Hillary.  He's taking a vicious beating that makes getting shot in a war look easy!!  CNN and MSNBC are lying spin doctors.  Hypocrites -- none of those people would EVER want to take their own medicine and be on the receiving end of the mean-spirited harranging that they attack Trump with every day. Yo.
Pick your battles & re-direct all of your attacks at Hillary Clinton and that no-name goof running with her. That is it. You can pay a fortune to some political "expert" to give you the exact same advice
Anyone happen to notice how Obama was actually talking about himself...prior to his fooling so many people into believing he was gonna give Hope, and Change.....that NEVER CAME from destroying the nation????
"IT DOESNT MATTER WHAT THEY SAY"-The Rock
I believe he could beat Hillary in a landslide If he just stay on point and stop being baited. I mean he's almost even with her in the polls and he hasn't even put out one ad attacking her. He has the biggest crowds of any republican candidate in History. He beat 16 other candidates. I mean seriously the election is his If he just stay on point but he keeps being baited!!
Trump is going down in flames without a parachute, Republicans took it  hehehe
the Donald needs to get hit by a school bus asap.
Calling them a Muslim "gold star family" GET THE FUCK OUT  Obama making it sound huge with Gold star am not appal at all...

I sure hope months fly by fast!
No jobs
Worse school massacres
Terrorist activity
Religion Muslim I don't qualify that as a religion-
OOOPS! Any means no offense REPOST
Religion Muslim I don't think Muslim is a religion
Troubled was, that. 

What about ben gay zaadi what about Hillary Clinton what about if Clinton never gotten head will we hear real fucking issues instead

Obama fuck you very much
I have 2.5 million in my savings
I feel rich wealthy handsome! For real Obama
Fuck you very much! Bringing out in the media guy who is a billionaire WHAT THE FUCK...
Rubbing billionaire in a million air face fuck you very much  

Double checking....

Send 
We're always looking for a president to be our hero to save our country. Too bad our only chooses are between a rat & a snake. 
WOW, WHAT A NUTCASE, Really he is in another world.  I am a republican , and SO ASHAMED!
Not to mention he's got a face that looks like he just got told "No! You can't play outside, go clean your room"
ok Danny so voting  for donald  is going  to help  this situation..no .. but wait please  get the baby out...he is funny  though..
Dear USA, everyone's laughing at you, Sincerely, The Rest of the World
This guy is mist likely the stupidest mother fucker walking the earth right now,  and there's a lot of stupid mother fuckers walking around
Trump is a fucking retarded child..
Trump's inability to let go of this issue is a perfect example of why he would be a terrible President. Never in my life have I seen such a thin-skinned human being, let alone Presidential candidate. He's literally incapable of shrugging off even the slightest criticism, which is roughly 75% of a U.S. President's job. What happens when Putin or Xi Jinping says something negative about Trump and he has the nuclear launch codes? Putin has whole-heartedly endorsed Trump for a good reason, which is that he knows how easy it will be to manipulate such an emotionally charged person.
So to be clear---my group hate donald, and we love hilly! shuss aus germany
THE HILLARY IS DEFECTIVE? GET A DIVORCE.
Trump is a horrific prospect as the leader of the free world.  What a dobber...
NWO. We are GOING TO KICK YOUR ASS. Your clown was a bad choice. OBAMA SUCKS!
whazze! the power of the lobby s to high!! Whazz
when Trump said he reads alot...taking these wild lies a little too far
yhe^problem is-- who ever wins?  t'heyre a fantastic lot of enemies into the usa governement, and outside...Always will be 'lonesome wolfs' to do damage... i see before the election in oct... NOT ME! nsa! not me , but. the election is to live of kandidates----hillary will will, but howlong (she will live) the power of the lobby in usa is to 'high'!
WHY DOESN"T ANY REALIZE THAT HE USING


RED HERRING & PERSONAL ATTACK

THOSE ARE FALLACIES, which makes them untrue.
Two racist peas in a pod! Can't wait to watch fox news the night Hillary wins!!! It was a complete shit show when Obama won!!! Go Hillary!!!
Trump for president
I think this guy is some brilliant comedian just playing a character. The movie will be out in November. Look at him, he's a liberal selling you a Trump University Diploma and conservatives are clamouring to pay tuition. He takes you for fools and sadly it's beginning to look like he's right.
I'm an independent who has  voted Republican most of my life... Voting Hilary 2016
Right on Trump
It's truly a shame that an American Hero Killed in action has a Con Man as a Father. All the Pun Intended. Really this whole thing was a setup from a Crooked Progressive Liberal Left Party carried out by a man who has ties to ISIS and is a lawyer who brings Muslim Refugees to the United States. These people are so crazy for power that they think we are so stupid we would not find out about this guy. This Muslim Lawyer just erased his website so people wouldn't see what he does as a lawyer and the article on his site tauting Sharia Law should Circumvent American Law and the Constitution he doesn't Really believe in as he waved it in Trump's face. you got to go and see the next d'souza's new documentary Hillary's America. it completely breaks down the progressive liberal left and their agenda going all the way back to their original founder President Andrew Jackson who killed and subjugated the American Indian for their land to sell cheap to those four votes. the Democratic motto. Lie Lie Lie. Deni Deni Deni. Never Ever Give Up The Con.
What a total clown!
The whole story was a deflection and everyone should know that. 
At least he is honest.
FOR A MAN SO RICH, TRUMP IS ONE OF THE MOST MISERABLE LOOKING PERSONS I HAVE EVER SEEN. HE HAS NO PEACE OR JOY IN HIS LIFE.  IT SHOWS THAT BEING RICH DOES NOT NECESSARILY BRING HAPPINESS TO ONES LIFE. I'D RATHER HAVE PEACE AND CONTENTMENT THAN TO BE RICH AND MISERABLE.
Is Oh reilly all of a sudden going with Trump?
Obama, just go away.
Anyone with Half a Functioning Brain Should understand that this type of destructive Behavior is to be Expected by all party's involved. But, Considering that No one is Being Fooled by the Big lies Hillary Clinton has been Slinging, and the wet Diaper to the face the DNC and the department of Defense have taken recently, I guess Mr Obama's Uneducated Slander seems like an act of Desperation.
Left eye reptilian alert
hi carla
FUCK TRUMP! Period!!!
i was not being serious. or was i?
everyone lets just love and let be love and love to be loved and love being loved and love not less and love our best and love love love and love for loves sake and forsake not love and love for in spite of love love love my brothers and sisters.
Count how many times this man blinks while he's talking.
Obama seems about to cry like always.
It'sso funny how Hillary and Obama are playing on this so much haha. Trump is absolutely right on Obama in every word he said. It's pathetic how the media is being biased and mixing around words of Trump towards the family. Trump even said he respects the service of their son.
OK I don't mean to be rude and butt into american politics because I'm from Europe but can someone explain how can Donald trump win the election if practically every black Hispanic and Muslim American will vote against him because they believe he has racist views
See you at the Hague, Barry ;)
Poor Donald, he thought he had what it takes to be President.
Obama is going to die yes leave office
This president doesn't give a damn about our veterans or their families. He is a traitor, liar, deceitful POS. He will say anything.
this is so stressfull., i wish november were already here., and we all (the rest of the world) know who te american president is., ., uncertainty is the most horrible thing. Im not american., but i try to be as informed as i can., and i ve seen a lot of info saying Hillary is a criminal., and., being living in another continent i cant kno for sure., and even though tons of people say Donal Trump is a hitler kind of thing (which i find ridiculous)   and all the violence in his events.,., God., wpould be hard to decide if i were american., but.,., at the end.., id go for Trump
Looks like folks need to compare that Trump said about Ukraine and Crimea by Russia to Stephanopolos to what he claims he said in this interview. They don't match. Trump has also made statements about Crimea on other occasions as well. Do they match?
(lol) If Clinton does make it back to the White House, what do you want tp bet she doesn't get out of her limousine to walk along Pennsylvania Avenue ?......I'm taking 'no way, now how', mind you.
Obama speaks like he's got Alzheimers and forgets every other word
Just to clarify myself before commenting: I like Trump. I will certainly for him. Whereas, I would NEVER vote for the Benghazi Butcher, Hillery, even if hers was the only name on the ballot. 

Having said that, one thing I can't help noticing about Trump is his compulsive fixation with getting in the last word all the time. He seems to be lacking certain discernment capabilities....when to respond to criticism and when it just isn't important enough to offer a response.  

For example: He never should have bothered responding to Khan's wife at all.  She and what she had to say, are both totally important. 

But, for some reason Trump feels as though he needs respond to everybody and everything with the final word. This type of behavior is going to wear the man completely out before his second year in office!  

Right now it's only the Communist Left Trump has to deal with. Just think how it will be when he's facing all world's leaders as our National Representative. It is my hope, Trump will, by then, learn how to focus his energy....and his responses....on only important matters that arise,  and leave all that other non-important baggage laying by the wayside where it belongs.  

Some things are simply too far beneath Trump's pay grade to warrant any kind of  response from him personally.    
Just a thought. :0) Cheers!
Trump is incapable of showing kindness. Gandhi said this: 'A coward is incapable of exhibiting love; it is the prerogative of the brave.' .
He also said 'You must be the change you wish to see in the world.' .
Do you want to live in a world where everyone is free and equal, or a discriminatory hell segregated by concrete and steel walls?
Trump is incapable of showing kindness. Gandhi said this: 'A coward is incapable of exhibiting love; it is the prerogative of the brave.' .
He also said 'You must be the change you wish to see in the world.' .
Do you want to live in a world where everyone is free and equal, or a discriminatory hell segregated by concrete and steel walls?
Trump is a big mouth garbage so is fox news
Obama is the worst! Mitt Romney is the worst! John McCain is the worst. Lying Ted, low energy Jeb, little Marco, crazy Bernie, crooked Hillary, did I miss anything :)
Obama is constantly lying!!! He talks so slowly, just like Hilary! He is making it up as he goes along.
That's why I uninstalled CNN.
Obama is probably the worst president in history
I honestly really like Trump. Any man that sticks up for himself is a plus for me.  I'm also black. Yes I know that shouldn't matter
Trump is my choice
Crimean people are mainly Russian and wanted to go back to being part of Russia. They voted en-masse to re-join Russia.
Obama should shut his big mouth he's not running in the election
End of the day trump was against the Iraq war all together. The sacrifice in this case is senseless too him. Why are we voting people in like Hilary who are more responsible for the failed Iraq war in which these sacrifices were made.
wtf is all the liberals doing in the comment section
barack Obama first president in history to not hit a 3 percent GDP growth in a year
gold star family  that makes money and is linked to the muslim brotherhood.
Worst President EVER ? Obama's approval rating are slightly higher then their GOD Ronald Reagan ! LOL
least trump tells it like it is, media spin everything !
Most voters don't want EITHER candidate of the 2 remaining. Gotta get a 3rd party one in FAST. As the end is near there'll be vast cop victimized killings by Obama's Muslims and city police stations bombed. Not many blacks support Hillary and no at all side with Trump.
Trump is a patriot, Obama and Hillary are fucking traitors, Democrats are the founders of slavery in America, jim crow laws, the KKK and many more horrific things, that's Fact not conjecture, it's brilliant how they have turned it around on the Republicans. To all the idiot dumbass Democrats go see "Hillary's America" go educate yourselves because your an embarrassment to americans that actually listened in American History class
Who the hell is he trying to fool we all know he was a draft dodger.
Trump is such a fucking tool. I especially like that look on his face before he speaks. Seriously, he looks like he's gonna bust out crying like a little baby. And what was the questions asked him before he started babbling?. The way he talks over people, I'm waiting for somebody to kick him the fuck off of their show.
Donald makes America stupid. Better off with Donald Duck.
Trump always degenerates to ad hominem attack when his ideas are brought to question.
You could be the greatest person in the universe but if you say some thing negative about this dude he comes back with all sorts of crazy shit like he's the worst he's a loser the man is the most skin thinned person I have ever seen & he wants to lead this country, what will happen if north Korea's Kim Jongstarts insulting trump will he nuke them, he is so child like it's not even funny, I can't see him winning the odds are so against him.
Lolz. Viciously attacked. Didn't they just ask if he's read the constitution?
I bet that Trump only knows 10 out of the 45 presidents. And out of the 10 he probably only knows big things that 7 did.
Support you mr. Trump. But you really should shut up some times. And get a script.
People, Hillary is our next President, the media will make sure of it , most folks won't check out a sound bite, they will just believe it, I can't at this moment see how Mr Trump can get elected !
Donald  trump is jeohva enemy's so jeovha destroy him I am mejicano and love my country and coming to usa all the time in the name of god nothing stop Mexican  they are evry where in the world god bless all the Mexicans in the name of the saint trinity AMEN
So all of his defense is: the media's corrupt and they're failing? O.o As a person who actually follows these ratings all of this is complete bullshit. CNN has had an all time highest rating in the last months. And NYT is primarily a newspaper. The whole newspaper industry is in a decline. Maybe you should also point out then how FoxNews is actually losing ratings lately... and losing respect from all the other media houses because of their rookie media coverage. As an econ student most of the times when I listen to Trump I want to shoot myself because most of his plans are not realistically possible. And a lot of what he says is complete and utter lie which no one bothers to check. -.-
The libs are groping for straws.
Love u TRUMP from AUSTRALIA Xx
He knows more than the president of the US regarding foreign policy??? LMAO!!! Freaking hilarious!!!!
Disliked.
Ican't stand listening to Dumbama anymore. What an arrogant individual. One of the worst US president.
That little weasel Obama, and that weasel wife of his cant fuck off quick enough into the limelight seeking afterlife as far as I'm concerned. Trump replacing him would the greatest thing I could imagine, especially beating that crook Hillary.
Someone asking if you have read the US constitution is not a vicious attack. Once again, Trump demonstrates his inability to understand basic words and concepts...
take Obama out of office now
what a dick!!!
Fat people know they are fat, short people know they are short. Why is it that stupid people dont know they are stupid? 
I mean If you are a white male from the bible belt, without any formal education, who doesnt know where Russia is on a map , who doesnt even read one book a year. Chances are you ARE stupid by any measurable standard. And Trump is playing you for the chump you ARE.
General Election: Trump vs. Clinton NBC News/Wall St. Jrnl Clinton 47, Trump 38 Clinton +9
General Election: Trump vs. Clinton McClatchy/Marist Clinton 48, Trump 33 Clinton +15
Trump is in meltdown his campaign of hate doesn't work.
This guy's a fucking moron. How do you fall for such an obvious trap?
trump surely is no politician.  but can he appoint people that will actually work in the best interests of us all? can he do the same?  his mouth is so bad.  bernie backed down.  endorsed hillary.  after all that was said? honestly, what do we do america?
ive never met a trump hater that could show me proof of what they accuse him of being. ill google the shit right in front of them.  our public is so misinformed and those of us who actually pay attention to world affairs and politics are shocked at what low information democrat target voters actually think is going on. democratic party in general seems to split the country down the middle every election. racial bullshit especially. i hate it.  hillarys only platform is how bad trump is.  last 8 years have been outta control.  the pendulum has to swing back to restore economical harmony.
Obama's speech on us British getting out of the EU and getting to the back of the queue to trade with America was terrible. Didn't like him anyway! But that did it!
Okay, Trump has some good points. Unfortunately, he doesn't have a plan. That's what scares me. The man is all talk. He may have many "strong" businesses, but it falters many times as well. Now, being a president is not just about business, but also about understanding the foreign policies. He speaks vaguely about MANY things and especially foreign policies. He's like one of those people that read the article headlines then completely bullcrap everything to they "know" from their understandings of the  headlines and knows NOTHING about the actual details of the articles. He makes accusations that aren't backed up with persuasive facts. Now, if we factor in his personality then HOLY FUCK - it is just fucking disgusting. Yes. "fuck" is the only way I can describe the horrendous, ignorant, and disrespectful person he is. Yeah yeah....he doesn't like to be "politically correct'. That's fine, you don't have to. I actually respect people who aren't a puppet, but you're supposed to be a decent person above all. Also, if you don't have some strong connections in the office then well....your ideas will face a lot of difficulties becoming a law. When your own parties are against you then I'm not sure how you're gonna pass the laws you are promising (if he does figure out a plan for these laws). Therefore, he's gonna end up being a "liar" because what he promised will have a hard time finding itself into the real world. For christ sake, you're a leader. Help people believe that they should trust you. 

This man is gonna represent our country, and I'd rather not travel the world with his face and personality representing my country. I hate Hillary because she's a liar, but of the two, she looks like the only one who can get  things done in the office. Now, it may be unfair of me to say that Trump has never given the chance to do anything in politics, and you're absolutely right. As a result, I just simply want to hear his goals, and AT LEAST the rough drafts of how he is going to get to those goals. That will show me that he knows that he's talking about and whether he's the man/woman for the job. I'm neither a Republic or a Democrat currently, but I am for sure an American. 

Look. All I'm saying is I want a person in the office that knows what they are doing. You can make all the great advertisements, but if I don't know how it works then I can't stand behind the products, the ideas, or the source. You cannot criticize anyone unless you have a better plan.

If you disagree with me, please talk about it. Be civil. Please. If you do agree, then like this so others can see it too.
The more I listen to Trump, the more I like him. He's a real person.  He's also a New Yorker and talks like a New Yorker - tells it like it is without caring about political correctness garbage.
Trump is falling for the classic "rope a dope" tactic.
I am from Sweden. We have a unbelievable big problem with immigration. You Americans, vote Trump to save your country from madness
ive never met anyone.  anyone.  that said they were voting for hillary.  lots of sanders supporters.  yet, we are told that hillary is neck and neck with trump. how?  honestly ive only ever seen hillary supporters on tv.
Trump stinks!!!
TRAMP for PRESIDENT 2016..............................
Go quietly into the night, most useless President,  Magnum PI'S old house awaits you!
The current president has created a mess of the Middle East, he has added close to $1.1 trillion per year in the National Debt, he introduced that disastrous ObamaCare, he has undermined Congress by his executive actions allowing illegals into the United States etc etc. This man is truly the worst president in the history of the United States. Trump is the ONLY man who can solve this country's problems. When Trump speaks, you can tell he is sincere and has a clear vision, not like Hillary who is lying 24 hours a day and despite lying to the FBI, is somehow still allowed to run for president.
"attack a gold star family"?  hmm. well it seems to me, the "gold star family" attacked HIM with a long diatribe assailing his character and he simply responded to the attack.  I find Mr. Khan ridiculous. His son was a hero, but the parents...I am not impressed with. Disgusted, actually. Exploiting their son, like that.
Trump is right! No more Clintons!
I'd put more on Obama than that - like that's he's a goddamned, lying traitor !  Harsh ? So do you believe it's okay to pretend and tell the world  that 20 kids got shot one day at school when it damn sure didn't happen ? And to make a big spectacle about it in the news and to invite one of those goddamned Sandy Hook liars (Erica Smegielski) to the DNC convention 3 1/2 years later to spread her lies to TV millions, that isn't treason ? I call it treason and a 'hanging offense'.
This guy totally lives in a delusional bubble... he says everything is horrible and yet I sit here and see everyone has jobs and doing great. I think Donald Make America Great is a slogan for himself. Make everything great for him again because Obama is taking everything away from him. Poor Donald, doesn't like sharing haha.
Gold Star Family? - You mean muslim family - the group at the apex of the Democratic Party/SJW/Feminist's professional victimhood index. Not really surprising given the islamic state funding Hillary Clinton receives, the biggest of which is the Saudi's.
Unfit? ...Trump didn't send $400,000,000 dollars (cash!) on a plane to Tehran!!!
I'm just curious how many non sequitors Trump can make before he gets to a point... or really not get to a point.
I think trump is also not going to fix anything it is a mess and trump will fail even more.
Trump supporters are idiots he says know facts at all you just like him because its all reality TV
Ren Hoyze your ignorant and don't know a damn thing about political issues. He downed a gold star family who lost a son for your damn freedom. You go ahead and vote for that fool
I'm just here for the Trump supporters' comments...
He attacked a Muslim woman and American Press and Media reported it PERIOD.  Next time he should just watch out his mouth.  Here in France we've had enough of that TRUMP that is a Trouble maker not only in USA but also for the whole world. His ideology needs to be terminated for the good will of the planet.
Obama is telling the truth- he will not be a good leader.
Obama is a completeidiot.
I hope Trump will become a President!!
khan obliterated this fat fuck loll
No no no you idiot Barack...........the Khan family attacked Trump FIRST!!!!! on your orders.....
God save us from this incompetent human being.
Obama please just go away and let real Americans start repairing the damages that you and that idiot lying Bush did.
obummer is a muslim and should shut up! He has hurt this country so bad in the eight years he has been in office.
Obama talks about Trump, but hides how the queen of England laughed at him for running to try and tell the u.k. what to do,lol..Obama just needs to find a high cliff and walk off of it.
The one consistent thing with o is he lies or hides the truth his last day will become a celebrated date. It's almost over folks enough with the most transparent government of all times spilt over to entire democrat party they are now fascist socialist party not for American freedoms but globalist authority as in one world government
The difference between Bill and Donald is that Bill is on a mass media corporate payroll and Donald owns the corporation and doesn't need to back off any of the bull.  And then there is Obama, a Chicago community organizer on a govt payroll who never hired anybody, never ran any business and was an AA quota do nothing Senator taking full advantage of all the quotas and has screwed the country up to the point it will be hard to recover.  Go Trump.
Trump is a Star
Khan makes money as a Lawyer importing Muslims. http://www.breitbart.com/2016-presidential-race/2016/08/02/khizr-khan-deletes-law-firm-website-proving-financially-benefits-pay-play-muslim-migration/
Btw. Wikileaks proofed that Clinton sold Weapons to ISIS and support them and the MEdia talk about this Kahn Nonsense. Ridiculous.
does anyone know how to give all your money to obama??
Trump is the only Person that maybe can safe the USA and avoid War with Russia, restore the friendship with Europe (Europe Citizens hate the USA, thats a Fact). Obama, Clinton and all the other Scum must vanish! Warmongering Criminals.
obama should teach us all what it takes to be a better human.
obama could possibly be the greatest leader of all time.
long live obama. i want him as dictator
obama is king
Obama loves his mamma.
Obama loves his mamma.
If only this was covered by the trews
Trump has the ignorant yahoo vote all sewn up-- unfortunately for him that's not a majority of Americans.
funny how a non story becomes a story to the left?? how about the e mail scandal .how about Benghazi ? how about Hillary's lies? or the corrupt d.n.c.? but no this is the story.
These guys should just get married already, to themselves! They both love themselves tremendously, always complimenting themselves every chance they get. Bill is a wife beater, so he can beat himself every night. And I am sure Trump's current wife would not mind at all if she didn't have to touch him anymore.
1:20 joke of the year
thank God this pile of waste is leaving the white house soon!  I can't stand  his twisted left wing street radical race baiting dumb ass!!!
Right... Obama is lying, the press is lying, the Khans are lying, the haters are lying. The whole world is conspiring against you... Could you be any more narcissistic?
A muslim women wtf ... Wot about the Americans getting killed everyday by muslims
Khan's son died for Obama's masters....
Donald get a grip .. Obama is a Muslim ... He an Hilary is taking the piss out of u Americans .. There taking all u Americans money
Mr trump send him jfk s last great speech,  or someone out there send it, in these days it speaks volumes,  it should be broadcast world wide....
My dad was 17 in 1941. He lied about his age and joined the navy to fight the Japanese. My mother watched 3 brothers and a husband go off to WWII. Dad and 2 brothers came back...2 of my brothers joined the army, (I washed out. medical 4F..throat surgery stopped my enlistment. One of the biggest disappointments of my life. Trump doesn't know what the word "Sacrifice" means!! Commander in chief????? REALLY??? I'll vote Mickey Mouse first!! This man is the biggest danger our country faces right now!! I'll vote Paul Ryan!! I'm a Democrat, and I'll vote for any other republican!! (Rather Hillary)
Trump is right the media at the moment is bombarding his campaign with negative views.
Trump is the only person to make America a special country vote TRUMP 2016.
why hi don't speak on live ?  I know why because with Trump you have to cat over a lot of bullshit thinks!
What an incoherent rant.  Trump and O'Reily sound like two old drunken men who suffer from alcohol induced brain injuries.
hey obama why not bomb isis ? cant belive that the great USA cant handle some goat lovers. salute from good old germany.
trumidthemoneyheygotmy vothenemerone
Obama is so stupid! ! Obama lies as much as hillary! !
Nate Silver 538.trump assholes have no clue.
I total agree it was a set up from fraud Hilary's camp but still trump shouldn't  have bought khans mother into it that was wrong full stop!
trump is stupid raciest moran who understand nothing ... Go to hell trump
Perhaps it would have been politically correct to "not respond". SCREW PC!
Obama will go back to Indonesia where he belongs
Listen to the question and let's have an answer, dear.
Wake up people the USA will never have a president that will do what's right we are Bitches we bitch about everything these political fucks are playing their game at our expense they run against each other the suck each others dick and join then Hillary /Sanders , They are all wealthy do you really think they give a fuck about the hard working class HELL NO ! Sorry but the USA is headed for some real bad times and its all our fault for allowing it to happen have a good day everyone ,I'm gonna go get a blowjob now !!!!
trump all the way
Trump is mentally ill. This much is obvious.
This guy is an out and out idiot he needs rehab
Low energy Obama
white people retarted asf
ZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZ
you people have some kind of a fever voting for this crazy guy.
O'Reilly is so far up Trumps ass it's painful to watch. Grow some balls O'Reilly
Vote for Donald Trump
Was that an Obama speech lol.   Obama needs to stop dissing trump,  as a president he should.nt be trying to entice voting to his liking.  Not professional.
Hagahahahahaha!!! USA has a freak as president candidate. What does this man gets airtime, he is obviously stupid
trump is right
Obama has past his sell by date. So Mr President, I voted for you the first time but I am disappointed with your performance for the the last 6 years of your term and I'm not interested in your suggestions for your successor.  Mr Tump did NOT attack the Khans even though they were hired by Slithery Hilary! Gold Star? I am saddened for their loss but they were a 'rent a tragedy' by Hillary. And before anybody gives me any shit, all I can say is, 'Kiss my ASS, Congratulations President Trump!'
Mr. Trump seems like a nice guy until he opens his mouth. Sir, to be leader of our country, you should try to unite both parties. Although you have fame and wealth, in my opinion, you still have a lot to learn. God Blessed America!!!
Bravo trump, getting along with Russia.  Indeed a  smart move,  a life saving move.  Bravo ! common sense prevails.
Trump got himself to this point with his mouth but, the problem is he keeps on talking. If he would listen to his very smart advisors he would give the Devil a run for her money but he must start now.
that is so not true
oh my god
and russia is good
trump  is  good
vote for trump
Obama is such a loser.
As a european I just dont get how good US people can ignore that Hilary is such an obvious liar. How can this be so clearly ignored in your great country???
Donald is stupid he never addresses any issues he just says "we are going to win bigely" And Obama is a great president
I cant believe theres ppl that ACTUALLY support trump..... isnt that a lil scary that theres MORE ppl like Trump?....
If you want a nuclear holocaust and people to hate each other more than ever then vote for Trump. He'll do a fantastic job at starting world war 3. I don't really like Hilary Clinton but at least she's more likely to promote peace amongst humanity than Trump ever will.
Trump is not suppose to win. You see,if Hillary wins that mean the big club stayes in power. Oll billy boy and his chameleon wife. Obama the token black fella ....yip...he will still be there. The intire Bush family which means the skull and bones divide and conquer playing both sides gay boys club will still have a finger in the pie.  All big palls sitting and plotting all types of evil doings...untill the next election we will get another club member. Obamas nephew.  a retired war veteran or some made up poop like Obamas birth certificate. They said reality is stranger than fiction. you can make people believe in a sky daddy....aaaih..this be a walk in the park
Trump doesn't know jack shit about world affairs. He is an ignorant and a bigot, and like minded people are the ones who support him. It would be very telling if he wins the elections, that America supports an ignorant hateful man.
Obama was not good, but not the worst. I mean he was bad! But there were worst presidents. Andrew Jackson for example, practically made a depression by printing countless amounts of money. Or Reagan, who contrary to popular belief wasn't a great president at all. In terms of economics, he did terrible. He was on of the main reasons the economy has such a high debt today. He may have ended the Cold War, but he did in the wrong way. You can't lower taxes and increase government spending. Where does the other money come from? Investors, and lenders. I mean a lot of presidents were bad or just completely useless sometimes, including Obama in my opinion, but he's not the worst, that's probably Jackson.
i think trump is mentally challenged
Your a bitch trump I can use a security to make you go to prison fucker  ugly trunk ha ha ha
Trump is the only one talking no BULLSHIT . What the fuck does obama know about europe or the middle east ? If he knew something wow , thanks for doing nothing . Just every sentence is sooo stupid . 
Media = Money = Oligarchs = Globalists = High Finance = Zionist Jews = Hollywood
We hate you fucking Donald trunk ha that is what you get fucker
All u dumb asses who believe ANYTHING donald trump says should look in the mirror and be honest and ask yourself, "am I smart? Am I a mature adult who looks at the facts?"
Anyone wish Bernie was in the place of Hillary?
Come on down to Italy where politics don't matter and you don't have to kill yourself because of the Presidential Debate :)
Can I just say something... I am American and moved to Italy in 2011 and I am glad I left. The politics are shit these days... I despise Trump but don't support Hillary. I thought Trump being president was a joke... Now it's coming to reality... Clorox Bleach please come and save us
I'm not gonna lie it's a little scary to see how many dumb fucks r out there that support this man(trump)We have become a nation of idiots
Both Trump or Clinton are completely unfit to run a country. Everyone knows this. So why do people vote for of them? What possible good would it be if either of these people become president?
Traitor Trump !!
why Obama sit as president Muslims start jumping as goats Inside them. Trump clean make everything like before our Christianity strong
a vote for Obama was vote for "Hating America" "Umpartriotic":
Hillary is far worse, She is called "Crookit" and that is a nice term to her character.
fuck everyone DEEZNUTS For prez.
Trump is a paranoid bigot with a personality disorder. He runs his mouth like a fool and wingnuts say "Oh, he's so clever!"
this man is a complete moron.
lol I always know what trump is going to say before he says it
New York Times failing ? 
so who's ready for the purge? Time to go buy some guns from Hillary...
The fact that trump is attacking Obama and not the issues at hand clearly shows who wins this battle.  Trump is ridiculously stupid. My God have mercy on his soul and the souls that follow.
TRUMP SHOULD'VE SELECTED ANDREW GIULIANI  ( SON OF FORMER NYC MAYOR RUDY GIULIANI).... AS HIS RUNNING MATE .....THEY HAVE THE SAME DISPOSITION
Trump is a goof
Yea sometimes trump needs to chill a little bit, but he right, he gets attacked like provoked just for people to see him as this bad guy but he has a right of free speech just as everyone else, it's not his fault, but he does just need to handle his words better lol
if he thinks that was a vicious attack he won't be able to handle the foreign leaders and media
if he thinks that was a vicious attack he won't be able to handle the foreign leaders and media
I'm astounded at how many people are actually committed to voting for this thin-skinned prick.
TRUMP IS A LITTLE BITCH.  He's trying to ruin America, don't vote for him.
he is threatened by Obama...that's why he won't stop attacking him
I think all Trump has to do to become president is to act sort of 'normal' butI guessthis will be too much to ask.
What have The Clintons sacrified?
Omg America, good luck
worst presidential candidate in history very fitting he is on the worst News channel in history
the stupid Obama is in campaing now ? I think is was forbbiden by your constitution
Bama is the worst president in US history.  talk about being "woefully unprepared"
and this is another thing people talk about ISIS everybody knows how everything started it's funny how they use in the Middle East for a propaganda God help this nation to we have done things that we shouldn't even got involved with.
yes you got Christianity that does the same thing I know pastors right now that do not let the woman speak in the church or teach because they believe that also and they go according to a Bible verse. well that is ridiculous because there are Muslims fathers that let their wives and their children speak it seems like religion I don't care what it is Judaism Christianity or Islamic. they think we live in. God knows how many years back those days are over. there is a constitution that say that everyone has a right to speak I don't care if you're a woman or a man.
Donald Trump is looks and acts like a literal shit
You go Trump! You are then only man in America who can run for president and has the guts to speak truth. The news media have no problems when anyone attacks you but when you attack someone in your defense the enws media downs you for weeks.
even if trump was a very very smart guy, a genuis there is still to much retards following hm x)
fuck u trump
If she can't stand the heat stay in the kitchen the only reason why she was able to speak is because her husband gave her permission. If khan the khon man wants to bring his deadson who died twelve years agoas a political punching bag don't cry when the opponent hits back with the uppercut.
Obama is Putin's little bitch. Russia invaded Crimea powerful Bhrama DIDDU NUFFIN.
amazing to see how lunatic these trump supporter Americans are  (not all Americans)
bill O'Reilly a pussy & donald trump a scumbag
Why are none of the Trump family in the Armed Forces, too much money and brought up with a gold spoon in their mouths
Trump is acting as a troll to make Hillary look good. No way he would act so untactical all the time. Hillary prob run Trumps twitter account
WHAT THE HELL ARE PEOPLE GOING ON ABOUT IN THIS COMMENT SECTION? Everyone talking about Obama being the worst president and you voting for Trump, you better be fucking joking. Trump is not fit to be a president. USA is filled with fat, dumb, retarded fucking morons who wish to vote for a racist scumbag. It sickens me how dumb people can be. I wish our health care was worse, because it's the only reason morons like you get to live a long life.
by many names did the hero go, but for the people of Americania he was Donaldus Trumpus Maximus!
Sorry, Donald is just talking bullshit, he cannot focus on the main theme
KHAAAAAAAAAAAAANNNNN!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Trump is a an A-class hypocrite. Ask him to name one person who wrote something when he says "many many people have written/said such and such". Details details details, douchebag
mustafa i having some bacon, sausage,  ham, eggs and taters. would like some. bacon yum yum. sausage damn good. ham yum yum
Obama failed to mention - while he was attempting to discredit Donald Trump and call him uninformed - that Khan has deep financial connections to the Clintons' and Saudia Arabia. Never mind using your dead son's memory as political leverage - shows how utterly disgusting these people really are.
Trump was and is a coward.
O'Reilly and Trump the two biggest cry babies on TV.
o rielly a racist cunt, trump a racist clueless dump cunt.
Thin (orange) skinned, bald, small hand, bigoted, bankrupt, sociopath. 
Luckily the majority of Americans aren't dribbling halfwits and won't elect this utter turd.
fuck Trump
A study issued by the Republicans themselves  actually shows that fox news viewers are stupid and they are the ones who elect more and more crazies as republican candidates.
those who believe in half clown face Hillary and vote for her are as stupid as a teenager letting his grandmother drive a corvette and letting his friends see him on the passenger's side.
Obama just wants to look cool dance make a few jokes and run his script..  He is a joke and the worst President aside from Bush jr.
i come here fore the comedy
America is doomed anyways, enjoy your stay while you can.
Trump is a child in a 70 year old's body.  Just yesterday Trump said Russia would never go into Ukraine.  He's so ignorant and appears proud of it.  In no objective measure is Obama anywhere close to the worst president ever. Get over yourself Donald.
Obama looks scared. Like he is hiding something. Pretty good acting though as if he actual believes himself.
What if, just what if Trump actually wins?
he doesn't let mr. trump finish his statement!
Please stop to talk to Trump supporters! You cant win arguments against someone with no brain. They dont understand and dont want to understand. They are Trump supporters. I still cant believe those people and dont like wasting time!
++++ TRUMP is BANKRUPT +++++
Obama says Trump "Doesn't have basic knowledge of critical issues", yet he called ISIS the JV team.Fucking clown.
7:08 "some little Muslim woman" WHAT A RACIST!
Obama is the worse president ever, who is he to talk. Trump does say some stupid shit sometimes but I'd rather him be president than Crooked lying devil herself, Hillary. The media hates Trump so it will never be fair on what is actually fact or fiction on his actions.
Honestly this is too much fun. Watching bill and his protege trump squirm and sound like fools is so much fun
Be presidential president while sitting. Resign and let VP take over. But do not be political as president.
Well, Obastard should be able to spot incompetence, he looks at it every day in the mirror. The arrogance of this anti-American racist is astonishing.The one upside is, when he is talked about in the future, they will also talk about him being tho worse President in our history. Yes, Carter was bad, but he didn't hate America.
you know, he's really not too fantastic at articulating sentences
still less people being shot by terrorists in Europe than shot in America by Americans... and when I see this man... thank God I live in Europe and not in America; at least when I get sick I don't have to be afraid of getting broke by having to pay medical bills; and I never cried because I can't own a gun! Why? Because I know that neither do my neighbours, I know they won't shoot me
FUCK YOU DONALD TRUMP !
when he says 'knock out ISIS along with NATO", does that mean knock out ISIS with NATO's help, or knock out ISIS and NATO?
Obama also went into crimea  as a senator and made a deal to disarm them for cash. I think you can still find the article
All you trump supporters is just talk shit I swear, y'all are full of hatred or maybe just racist.
GOD BLESS YOU TRUMP!
these muslim women can attack Trump, but they can not attack their own suppressive male  dominant religion for equal rights.
I would love to slap the shit out of trump
what is a gold star family?  please ppl do not make new terms without telling me first, mkay?
Mr. Khizr Khan, what about thousands of Christian Americans who sacrificed their lives for the sake of their country? 
Their families do not come before TV & give emotional interviews to get political patronage.

And what Mr Khan has to say about 9/11, Sharia law which treats women worse than animals, gang rape of young European girls?
Also, just look at the mayhem Muslims have created in Europe- Sweden, Germany, France, Britain etc. And every other country, whether in Asia or Africa, which is afflicted with the plague called Islamic Terrorism.

And what does Mr. Khizr Khan have to say about Pakistan, his country of birth.
Pakistanis were hiding Osama bin Laden, killer of 3500 innocent Americans, in a military cantonment.
Trump is evil
fuck Trump Obama is better than you'll ever be you fucking racist
Obama is a proven, unfit president so who is listening to him or Fox News????   Trump for president!!!!
Shit just got real - are you going to vote for Donald 'why don't we use nukes?' Trump?
This is your families and friends you are putting at risk here. 
No excuses. This time you actually have to THINK about the consequences of your actions
And God have mercy on you
Fuck Trump*
Bill seems to like Trump and in all fairness he's trying to help Trump in what he should and should not say...maybe sometimes it's better to hold your tongue.
Tame the tongue and you will win!
We need the tax returns!!
Trump is right ..Obama is the worst president
Obama should be executed ,
and fuck o'reiley, id like to kick his teeth out , the cocksucker doesn't know how to shut the fuck up
FUCK OBAMA, HE SURE AS HELL ISNT A PRESIDENT, hes not even an american, he's a god damned terrorist and he's done his damnedest to destroy america and the whole world...hes just a god damn criminal
Trump doesn't have president temperament.
A set of imbeciles
...from the invention of the first wheel all the way to the invention of the Bible... and now the manifestation of Trump. Stupidity soars!
"I was viciously attached, and all i did was respond to it, and it ends up being a four day story" - Thats how you know Trump is the BOSS - Trump the  > Mr President of the United States of America.

Deal with it.
only racist vote for trump I mean I like the guy and wouldn't mind him being our president but I disagree with the racist fans he has
Hillary Rotten Clinton and Barat Obama must be desperate when they - of all the people - try to come across as compassionate and empathetic individuals when we all know that they had no empathy nor compassion when staff at the Benghazi embassy were desperate for help !
Hey Donald , shut your KFC/McDonalds hole and take your Twitter Ass back to your Tower . You are a Disgusting Embarrassment to my country (USA) !
Obama has no room to talk about foreign-policy or even US policies I'll bring people like Al Sharpton and Jackson Jackson to the White House sinking are economy into the shitter and floating our national debt through the roof and not keeping one campaign promise. While hiding behind his raise the entire time so we never had to respond to his criticisms like a man.
Bill brings up the humble side of Donald, he's still learning this whole politicians business but he needs to learn this last bit fast. Mr. Trump, the only people you have to punch are Hillary, Obama and their failed policies, no one else matters. Your handlers can deal with the rest. In all other matters remain boring, and you shall win. We need you to finish it!!!
hello god bless you peace and love
Los Bush y los Clinton  ..Padre e hijos. y mujeres .. Siempre estuvieron en la presidencia... siempre fueron sanguinarios, siempre estuvieron  en guerra  matando y haciendo matar a su gente,  siempre estuvieron invadiendo  pases y ms pases
Trump:  puede ser  un buen presidente.. Me Parece ser menos violento .. Dice que no esta de acuerdo con las  guerras, ni con las invasiones a pases indefensos .. Sabiendo que se gasta  millones de dlares  en mover el cuerpo militar y entrenar  terroristas y adems  mueren personas inocentes sin sentido.. Tambin dice que  va poner leyes para que no entren tantos  inmigrantes a EEUU  a robar el trabajo a los nativos.
Trump:  "Wouldn't it be great if we could work out a 'deal' with Russia?"  (Your words.)
Maybe, as long as that didn't involve Eminent Domain, which you support, allowing Russia to mine uranium from the Burns, Oregon area.  That's public land lifted by the Clintons, Mr. Trump.  
A 'deal with Russia' has to have agreement with the American people, for whom this land is granted.  A 'deal' like that would have to be worked VERY CAREFULLY.  And if it is to pay down the 'National Debt,' I still need proof that the American people actually owe this money.  To me it looks more like a long endured scam on the American people, just as the O and C railroad was.  And NO, Mr. Trump.  We (The American People) will not allow Harry Reid to sell/lease/give away public land in Nevada for the purpose of a solar farm constructed by the Chinese.  And NO, Mr. Trump, we the people will not take rancher's land away in Texas, Oregon, Washingtron state, Arizona, Utah, California, and Nevada because a group of nut jobs think cows passing gass are responsible for global warming.  Too, Mr. Trump, we will not allow Gates/Gore/Monsanto/and rogue pilots poison out skies anymore with their goofy ideas on 'Global Warming' when in fact the crap they're spraying is toxic to humans, making it appear that there IS a plan to reduce the population of the USA by killing a good share of us off.  If you make it, Mr. Trump, you have your work cut out for you!
Obama and the Clinton are inciting racism. They are intentionally trying to make the country racist who the hell can support that.
Obama:  Who was the 'Gold Star Family?'  You say Trump has not enough experience.  Did you?
Thanks for nothing, O'Reilly. We wouldn't be talking about Kahn or his wife anymore if you didn't keep bringing it up like an a-hole.
Obama,worst president ever,and there is a lot to compare,the gold star family attacked Trump.And as leader, you are the worst.Just curious,how did the fuck,did this moron,get to be the President.I know,figured it out,give free shit,and health care, to people that do not work.
FN Trump looking so pissed all the time. King Douche bag
Fox the most liberal news channel ever
I'm not American, , I never liked Trump , but to be honest, , after one statement he made ,, and he becomes a president, and fullfil his promise, , I'd love him for the rest of my life ,,
NO MR TRUMP IT WOULDNT BE NICE IF WE GOT ON WITH RUSSIA AND FOUGHT ISIS TOGETHER BECAUSE ISIS IS OBAMAS AND HILLARI'S BABY - FOUNDED BY THE ILLUMINATIS WHO SELL THEIR WEAPONS, AMERICAN TAXPAYERS AND THE REST OF THE WORLD'S TAX PAYERS PAY FOR IT. THE MONEY GO TO THEIR SWUS ACCOUNTS AND THAT HOW THEY ARE BECOMEING TRILIONERS AND 4LIONERS. WHILST WE ARE ALL IN A RAT RACE NOT HAVING TIME FOR ANYTHING ELSE.
OBAMA GOES SQUICK !!,SQUICK!! LIKE HILLARY'S PET LITTLE MINIATURE MONKEY!!!!!
All Americans should start watching foreign news agencies so they can get the actual news rather than bias propaganda on both sides.  Burst out of your bubble and see what's really going on in your own country.
Obama is afraid of Trump for the same reasons Hitlary is afraid as well as many others who won't support him. Trump will expose these traitors as the cartel puppets they are. They are desperately trying to keep our of prison. Our country has been over thrown and most people are too brain dead to look at the facts and evidence. They still get their opinions from "main stream" propaganda!
Donald trump ur Dora ist hott in panties 
Come on, Donald, you only learned about Crimea during your previous interview when you were called out on your ignorance about the Ukrainian situation.
D. TRUMP > WHAT A SHAME FOR US AND HIS SUPPORTERS !  IMAGINE THAT THIS MEAN NARCISSISTIC  HATER, WHO CARES ONLY ABOUT HIMSELF, WILL BE RULING YOU.   ARE YOU SO MESMERIZED TO SAY "HAIL' TO THIS
 SICKO ?!  ENOUGH IS ENOUGH, AMERICA, WAKE UP, BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE!....
When Pat Smith attacked Hillary, Hillary never attacked her back but nooooo comrade Trump. Comrade Trump can't keep his mouth close and needed to take revenge on the Khan. The problem is that the Khan are the parents of an American hero who died protecting other soldiers and this nation. Candidates should never, never and never attack the grieving parents of fallen heroes because Americans won't go for that. Comrade Trump is a jackasssss.
To this day, Khan's wife still hasn't spoken. So I think Trump is right in that she isn't allowed to speak publicly. Khan needs to take his Sharia-law loving ass back to Afghanistan!
is Trump really stupid or it's his strategy to lose?
Why does Obama take so long to talk? Was he always that slow?
Trump 2016!!!!!!
Haha trump like "yes I understand he died sacrificing the country but they criticized me" what????
Fox News viewers are as trump says the "worst" lol 
Trump 2016 = End of the world....
I'm afraid Hillary has already won....

Just as i predicted Obama

I will still vote Republican but....
Obama is such a fake twat. He bombs the shit out of the Middle East all the time and then trains Isis mercenaries in Syria. I thought he was supposed to bring in change? Where's this change he talked about 8 years ago?
You notice how Obama stutters left and right and Trump is clear and concise and it flows. Trump is certainly more prepared to speak to the country without stumbling around than Obummer.
Talk about dodging the draft, does the name William Jefferson Clinton sound familiar? Yes! Der Shlickmeister himself, Slick Willie aka Bill Clinton, aka Mr. Hillary Clinton. That cowardly Son of a bitch is the most infamous draft dodger and war protestor over in England. Hillary Clinton was an agitator and war protestor as well. Why doesn't the left wing liberal communist loving media bring these facts up?
Since Donald Trump is orange skinned and has fascist tendencies, I've started calling him "Cheeto Benito"
FUCK ME... Trump hears a lot of things, but never tells where from
Trump 2016 make America white again
Donald Trump is very qualified.
We love you Donald Trump.  Take us to a better land.
Trump knows more about foreign policies!!! WTF!!! ,,,
Everyone who lost a son or daughter while fighting for this country is a gold star.  I don't know how this became perceived as an attach when really it was nothing mor than a comment about who was speaking.  The wife did not.  Clearly this is an observation and a question.  Perhaps driven by what was perceived as traditional Muslim behavior, and wanting to incorporate that as part of American culture and constitution.   Clearly the media is a to Trump, a to Gop and is taken I. My romantic notions as set forth in the doc convention as always.  Why not let Trump be Trump and pull out the positive and downplay the negative.   Clearly no politicians have been able to help this country and more of the same is our demise. Let the man be.  You'll find you reap positive when you sew positive , and if your on the attack you will reap that as well.  It was a statement not an attack.  All people are equal.  Muslims are not more equal than others.  The poor me, is old.   Man up
As a Presidential candidate in 2008, he was the Least-Qualified of all major candidates.  

Let's take a look at mr obama's qualifications/experience

What he learned in school, was: 
1) How to read a tele-prompter
2) Dress Neatly
3) BULL-SHIT


Mr Oblama had ZERO Experience in;

1) Budgeting 
2) Finance
3) Businesses - Large or Small
4) State's Rights
5) DOD
6) National Guard
7) Foreign Affairs
8) Health Care
9) Medicine/Medical Field
10) Military Matters
11) Science & Technology
12) Research & Development

And obama is saying Trump is "Unprepared to do this Job"  Really?  My response to mr obama,  You Were the Most Unprepared of any President in Modern History!
pinche aborto de hitler cara de liendre seca puto guey gey
I'll Vote For none Trump The trash
donald trump face makes me want to puke
Trump If If he Wins I won't See My family See U guys ARE BITCHES
FUCK TRUMP
Does Obama think he has knowledge of critical issues? His presidency saw an increase in global terrorism which he helped cause by pulling troops out of Iraq and his involvement in Syria and Libya, he caused the Syria migrant crisis with his bombings and he got America into an extra $7-8 trillion of debt. Gimme a break Obama. We're not stupid!
Utterly weak
Trump is a national security threat TBH I hate this guy and his supporters. I used to support him but nope went to a rally I was like yup nvm.
I can't believe how there are so many people supporting Trump in the comments. I'm from Germany, and let me tell you: do not trust a person who want to execute thousands of people and build a freaking wall! 
OPEN YOUR EYES PEOPLE!
At what point does talking out of your ass become frowned upon? When do we bother about truth again? Fuck Shillary, she's a crook, but that doesn't make any of the total nonsense this jibbering Oompa Loompa spews any better. 
Deflection, conflation, projection. He never has an answer and it's always someone else's fault.
Obama looked like he was going to fall asleep during that speech. Too much golf I guess.
Trumps a counter puncher , hit him and he will knock you on your ass. thank God a real man in the White house for a change. USA USA USA FIRST.
Man you Trumpsters are in for a shock. Trump is a looney bird and yesterday was only one disaster in many to come, notice how O'Reilly had to refocus Trump. What Obama said about Trump will be repeated publicly by many in the GOP in the coming 100 days, they are already saying it privately. It is obviously being said by O'Reilly privately.
Trump/Putin 2016!!!!!!! Make America Evil Again!!!! Muhahahahahaha!!!!!
viciously attacked? Now he playing the victim who just lost his son? Sorry Donald was voting for you but when you attack a gold star family like that I realised you are a heartless soulless man. And to bring in the mother. How can you even question her? You are either stupid or really stupid.
I am black (as Obama) and I am ashamed cuz in 2012 I fought too much in internet defending Obama. Afterward I understood Obama is a Traitor, and a liar, because that now I am 100% for Trump. I exhort the black people to vote for Trump. Trump is the only hope to overcome the evil in Washington D.C and "Make America, powerful, safe and great again". Trump-Pence 2016!!
Obama openly lies as he say Trump attacked the Khan`s family it was the contrary, Mr khan was who attacked Trump. Trump didn`t attacked them and he has the right to reply when he is attacked in a National Convention.
Obama is a muslim! The only disgusting part about that is that he has meticulously kept it a secret. Pants on fire!!!!!!!!
trump would be a fucking disaster to the economy to the world. plain and simple. if you think for a second he is a better choice then hilary please die. if trump wins i rather watch this country burn to the fucking ground then have some stupid facist fagget rule over all of us.
Kahn was hired on by the Clinton crew, that in itself is a scumbag display of their methodry.
Trump saw through the setup and hit back, should he avoided this issue, he could have. I have seen no background on kahn the father worth a dam. You can bet Hillery had her crew run this guy....A low blow.
wow, you folks on this site are certifiable. get some exercise and turn off fox before you implode from fear
i can't believe he attacked a gold star family. lost all respect for him. i guess I'll sit this one out or vote for Hillary..
Obama is ready to lend more money to Isis moslem based countries??? Is that what he calls "foreign policy"??
trump is  ignorance
trump is  ignorance
HILLARY CLINTON VOTED FOR THE WAR IN IRAQ THAT LED TO THE DEATH OF KHAN'S SON AND MANY SOLDIERS.

TRUMP WAS AGAINST THE WAR IN IRAQ. TRUMP WANTS TO STOP MUSLIM TERRORISTS WHO VOWED TO TAKE ADVANTAGE OF REFUGEES.

get the fact straight.
IN ALL FAIRNESS BILL, MR TRUMP NEVER "ATTACKED" MRS KHAN.  HE SIMPLY QUESTIONED (NOT ACCUSED) WHY SHE DID NOT SPEAK ... AND AS THE STATUS OF WOMEN IN MUSLIM SOCIETY IS QUITE DIFFERENT, IT WAS AN HONEST QUESTION.  THE POINT IS WHY DID MR KHAN ATTACK DONALD TRUMP WHO, IF HE HAD BEEN PRESIDENT EARLIER, WOULD NEVER HAVE GONE INTO IRAQ AND THE HEROIC CAPT KHAN AND ALL THE OTHER BRAVE SOLDIERS WHO DIED, WOULD BE ALIVE TODAY !
Good thing there is the ACA, because voting for this liar, you're able to get your head checked. Friggin classic narcissist behavior...
i like trump . he tells it like it is..
     

  on the other hand our current president the RAT  who is nothing more but a rat cowers into a corner . 

    lord if we have Clinton.
Not too long ago mr trump was asked what he has sacrificed for the country.
His answer revolved around self satisfaction it did not answer the question 
The reporter then asked 
"Are those sacrifices?" 
And mr trump here as idiotic as he is says 
"Yes" 
Best presidential candidate Loool what a joke 
If u elect this racist as your leader 
Then this just proves  that there are more idiots in America than anywhere else 
The hitler situation is happening again this time in America good luck
That Khan family is disgracing their son's uniform by helping the very people who funded 9/11 get into this country!  WHY would the Khan's support the person who sent their son to his death?  WHY would the Khan's help VERY WEALTHY Saudi families get into this country?  Oh!  We know now!  Mr Khan is connected to the Clinton Foundation and probably the go-to person for the Clinton's when they need a Visa for one of their middle eastern rich friends!
What a bomb! Two stupid men on TV making a show
TRUMP..Learn to slap your knee and laugh it off. HAHAHA HAHAHA..Don't feel the need to defend every jab. Defense is where they want you They are desperate and desperate people are viscous..Not to mention extremely LOW CLASSED. They are poking you with a stick hoping you will slip up and say something that will really bury you for good..That's all the strategy they have. They cannot deny or erase the years of complete failure and the people they have hurt and let down and they can't find fault in you..All they have to go on is what comes out of your mouth..Let your army fight those battles for you and you stay focused on the 2 Scums. WIN and lets get America back to GREATNESS !!!!
Obama refuses to give lethal aid to Ukraine, to defend it's territory, despite the Budapest Memorandum which US signed.
But of course, the mainstream mediafocuses it'sattacks on Trumpinstead ofcriticizingObama.
Why should Trump do more to defend East Europe than Obama? NATO is not the only military obligation of the US.
Ukraine gave up it's nukes in exchange for "security guarantees" in the Budapest Memorandum, but so far, US military support for Ukraine is minimal, almost nothing.
honor kill
You can tell when Obama is lying, his lips are moving. Trump never attacked the Khans, and he knows that, and to be the President and stand there and tell what he knows is a complete lie, is simply outrageously arrogant. He is playing the American people as complete folls
O'Reilly... Just shut the FUCK UP!!! We've heard enough of this DNC BULLSHIT already... Quit beating the dead horse. O'Reilly why the fuck don't you focus of the criminal Hillary.... WTF?!?!?!
Democrats using Muslims as a tool, ,,,,,how very sad, but very typical........Welcome to America, ,,,enjoy.
Thinking before you speak is right but I have you no real answers than you have to think as well. It is simple, Trump needs to wins these elections as he and he alone can make the world a better place.
Obama = Sociopath whore for the establishment, with aims to destroy America and all 1st world nations to usher in a 1 world communist gov't.
A lot talk About Mr. Obama on this vid... But President Obama was one of the better Presidents of the Last 100 Yrs ... save FDR & JFK - Ppl talk a lot about President Obama but rarely mention how he saved this entire country from an economic meltdown that Banks - ppl like Trump (Real Estate Tycoons)  & The Two Bush Admin. Caused the lack of over site at large riddled thru the fabric of our economy ... Obama's a Horrid president??? Yet 3 of the Five last Presidents before him (starting with Nixon - Reagan - GHB & Clinton) not to mention GW Bush was Criminally Liable for much of the corruption during his term(s) - His policies and ideals ruined America - Yet I Digress.. the Last 5  Presidents where involved in scandal during there admin. - I've never heard a solid argument to How Obamas a Horrible President other than for ppl to state it with no facts common sense or logic ... If you comment plz state a logical argument ... & Race isn't one .
Obama talks at a sentence per minute rate. By the time he's done talking you forget what he started saying. Trump 2016
Trump has already won!  The DNC/Obama are freaking out and creating lies!! Its going to get worse!  He is exposing all the crooks stealing from us.  Keep up the good work TRUMP!  We sill be there in November to thank you!
Vote Slut (Obama) is the weakest woman on the planet (IMHO), google "Obama throws a baseball", or "Obama work-out"...lol LMFAO what a twat...ROFLMFAO
Trump said what I thought.  I asked myself that same question about our gold star family's wife.  What did the family do have a son.  The son is the gold star person not the family.
Bill O'Reilly & Trump are two alpha males who have genuine mutual respect for each other. You can see it in their mannerisms.
I can't believe Donald rich daddy didn't buy him a Purple Heart when he bought him out of going to Vietnam.
Donald was always daddy's little bitch.
Obama hasn't done shit to the United States except bring in terrorist that are killing, and he wants to criticize Trump.Obama is a fool and needs to be in prison and Hillary. I don't think Obama should be able to stay in the United States I think Trump should deport him cause he's a illegal immigrant.
"The golden family that made such sacrifices for our country!"  You hypocritical piece of shit! It is time for you to go and sacrifice yourself for your country instead of sending immigrants to slaughter. They not are calling you Obomba for nothing you sorry ass excuse for president!
i think what is so obnoxious about this, is that Obama and Clinton were responsible for the deaths of so many Muslim civilians in Libya, Iraq and Syria and for the deaths of so many US servicemen including Muslim servicemen. Yet the DNC cynically tried to use a bereaved Muslim family to make political gain. And I can't stand Trump, so I don't feel I have to defend him, I just don't like hypocrisy.
bill o Reilly quote "And it'll never stop!" did anybody else catch that???
Will someone PLEASE tell Trump to act presidential! He could clean Hillary's clock if he simply talked about bringing America back from the edge of the cliff Obama and Clinton have brought the country to. Who in the hell is advising him? You don't attack the families of dead soldiers. Wake up and polish your act.He can win, buthe won't get there by being abrasive like this.Hillary will win because she plays on his mistakes.
Ever notice how whenever somebody criticizes Chump, his sycophants never really defend him.Maybe cause they know they don't have a fuckin leg to stand on. All they ever do in response is bitch about and bash Clinton instead. High-larious!
The world is a mess,  America is a mess.
The Globalists are running scared.
Finally a Push back from people in all countries that are being destroyed by Globalist Policies. BREXIT the first blow back to their faces and now Trump clearly attacking Globalism, the TPP, A regime change policy that spawns never ending wars, Corrupt fake democratic systems controlled by corporations and big money and the list goes on and on.
As long as Trump stands for Nationlaist fundamentals, I care not how many times he tells the Khans to go suck on rotten eggs.
By the way it is established that Mr. Khan owns a firm that helps Muslims migrate to the USA by making money donations...
So you see what happens when people have a dog in a fight.
Every American needs to look around and figure out why is it that their country is sliding into oblivion for the last 40 years...It Is GLOBALISM !  
It is like a corporation has been selling off your country to the highest foreign bidders piece by piece and one day you will wake up a stranger in your own country, borderless, unsafe and with no future for your children.
President Lame Duck Obama, should go surfing.  Things are falling apart UNDER THE WATCH OF OBAMA!
   POTUS Obama should not pin the blame of his failed legacy on Mr Trump.
tele prompt king, he is lost without it
Obama policy.... apologize, apologize, bend over, facilitate two failed states.  Give back all the ground gained and let the JV team, you know ISIS....  

Hey, then give Iran Nukes and send 400 million in cash to Iran.

Obama has kissed so much ass there is no amount of breath mints to cover up the stank...

I really cannot not stand this condescending ass.
OBAMA is a piece of crap!!!!!!!!!!!!!  He is even brown like a turd.
Don't you get it, Officer O'Reilly? Donald Trump is being opposed and criticized by everyone in the media and establishment because he is upsetting the applecart of corruption, lies, incompetence and deceit. Vote Trump 2016.
How dare that POS president stand there and tell the American people who they should or not  vote for. Undermining America on national TV, what a patriot. Get over it , U will be gone soon and I can't wait until the true American Patriots don't have to look and listen to your babbling egotistical a*@.
Gold star? khan is Muslim brotherhood
The more all pro-establishment puppets will call to not vote for Trump, the more voters will vote for Trump... The only facts that banks, wall street, billionaires like Soros, Bloomberg, etc... or foreign countries like Saudis, are all financing Obama and Clinton, is already enough to convince people to vote for anyone else than Hillary Clinton.
I don't get what Trump said that was bad.  He said their son son was a hero, they appeared like a nice family.  The husband did all the talking and he wondered if the wife had anything to say.   Wondering something is not the same as an accusation.  The whole thing is ridiculous.  Islam teaches their females to be submissive to their husbands.
CBS news, NBC news, MSNBC, CNN are all news organizations who are owned by the people who own Hillary Clinton. This is a Fact and it is not disputed.
Obama has zero credibility
Fuck that Muzzie foreigner, telling us about our Constitution, get the fuck out of our country. Your son joined the military and he lost.
Talk about unfit.. BarrackObamahas the nerve to claimDonaldTrump isunfit,but atthe same timehe'spaying IRAN$400.000.000 in ransomto release morehostages.. Iran plays Obamalikefeeble mindedidiot, yethe continues to kiss the Ayatollahs oldwrinkledass.. what a embarrassment...
Donald J. Trump is a giant whereas bimbo is a pathetic gnome.
OBAMA IS A DUM ASS JUST LIKE HILLARY THE LIAR  BOTHE OF YOU TWO ARE THE SAME DARK EVIL ENERGY!!!!
trump is a fucking child I can't believe his supporters really don't even realize this or maybe they just don't care but seriously just listen to him talk it's not that goodly (.and goodly is his word )
Bill Clinton dodged the draft.  If the Hillary camp wants to kill Trump for that, look no further than her husband.  No one wants to mention that.
THIS IS HOW CNN SOUNDS LIKE!!! TRUMP THIS TRUMP THAT every fucken day!!! get a life really that's all you guy's do at CNN talk bad about trump that you know it's a full of freaking lies. p.s.  tell real facts news like HILLARY the LIAR!!!
CNN GIVES ME HEADIC!!!
What a phony weakling of a president. They don't show the audience, but I would guess he's getting dirty looks.
The Muslim woman gets chained to her husband's Mercedes at night.
Let's ship hillary to Saudi's where she is not allowed to speak  :))))
TRUMP 2016 !!!!!
LORD JESUS BlESS TRUMP! !!!!!!!!
OMG, he attacked the family  :( 
But obama attacked the whole country and killed thousands of people. Libya, Syria anybody? 
Thousands of people killed because of this moron. 
And this is the hillary team?
Military crimes? No? Are you sure?
It's absolutley unbelievable how many people are STILL defending this shit stain. I'm actually embarassed to be an amarican right now. I guess the only reason people are still voting for this clown is that hillary is the oposition. If only sanders or joe biden were the nominees, then this election wouldn't even be close. I've just lost every shread of respect for all the motherfuckers who are still supporting this guy.
ABC news is the worst news media ever... All they do is Anti-Trump pieces and not really positive Hillary either, they just slam Trump for everything. Trump ate KFC with a knife and fork---Whaaaat? That's news worthy? WTF??
They brag about CNN...when Fox News offers coaching to Donald in how to behave as a president...
Just a question, for anyone that knows the true reason, why did Khan take down his website, wherein he lauded himself at how well he could bring in Mideast immigrants. Moreover, his ties to Russia, Saudi Arabia, and the Clinton Family Charitable Foundation? You can still get a screenshot of the page, if interested ... use one of those new fangled search engines. It's a amazing what one can find with this world wide interweb thing.
Trump is the only way to go!!!
He  attacked no on dumb ass. What a waste of black flesh!!! You're out ... start packing!!! Vote Trump!!!
Trump attacks someone that says that he has a black soul. Clinton called Gold Star parents LIARS. Of course, the media attempted to ridicule and denigrate a Gold Star mother, who has every reason to hate Clinton, especially after being lied to and lied about, however, someone that lost their son as a direct result of Senator Clinton's vote to invade Iraq ... attacks someone that had nothing to do with it.It's just ridiculous ... how many Gold Star parents are still alive. Why, is only a mohammedan parent protected, while the Democrat party and the press, vilify all of the others?
Obama isn't qualified to speak, he has the reverse Midas touch: everything Obama has touched, has turned to shit.
Obama will leave office with a Significant policy NAME after him that is Obama Care. You know how many Presidents pass through that WhiteHouse who CANNOT MAKE that claim( leaving office with something significant attach to their name) .You might not care for the man or his policies, but it would be quite idiotic to say his Presidency was a failure.

.
FUCK YOU OBAMANATION! YOU HAVE NO ROOM TO SAY ANYTHING! YOU HAVE DESTROYED OUR ONCE GREAT COUNTRY!
Clinton news network
Idiot.
hahaha super HILARIOUS, he was trying to teach him how to behave and react but hehehe he won't listening. lolzzzz .
O'Reilly... Khan was hired by the democrate??? where in hell did you take that? stop saying false information.
Trump... the press is so dishonest??? anything that fits you right?
The Gold Star family turns out to be working for Muslim immigration.  Big surprise.  Captain Khan was killed 12 years ago and it is made to look like it was yesterday.  Judy Woodruff's interview with the Khans was pathetic whining as she asked questions.   It is not a all clear that Captain Khan is being honor by using his death as a political ploy.  Women in Islam do not have the same rights as men.  For example a man can divorce his wife by saying 'I divorce you' three times in a months time.  A woman has a very hard time to get a divorce and if she does the man has the primary care of their children.  This discussion needs to happen.  So Mr. Trump is right.  The media though uses this as a means of attack.  Mrs. Khan was on a national stage evidently wanting her presence to reinforce what her husband said.  Then there is Mrs. Pat Smith who was told her feelings about losing her son did not count.  Is she not a Gold Star mother?
Trump is the biggest idiot to ever run in my lifetime.
Trump NEVER ATTACKED a "gold star family"... that man attacked Trump.   Don't forget that Trump is an outsider and shouldn't be expected to know everything that President Obama knows...  that's just ridiculous.
Obama creating chaos to establish order.  BS.Artist (!)
obuma is so funny he should be In the Barnum bailey circus
Obama is a weak and incompetent president!
I actually listened to this and I don't know why. "You can't, you just can't" - Bill

Bill, stop being a cuck.
The Liar in Chief has been there for nearly eight years and he is still unfit to lead this nation, probably the worst in our history, and he has the gall to insult an honorable man...I rebuke that demon, in Jesus Name....
We don't give a sh*t what a muslim thinks they have sacrificed , we have lost fathers , mothers , children , all in the name of globalism and fake religions.
Obama claims the united states government is secular while he preaches from the Christian cult pulpit.
Obama thinks we're stupid enough to allowislam in the united states or any other religious cult such as Catholicism or Satanism or globalism.
It's sad that Mister Trump feels like he needs to defend himself against a globalist dictator like Obama the black panther muslim brotherhood operative.
Trump .. really??, NYTimes failing ...... you failed four times with your bankruptcies.    The America public pays for corporate bankruptcies
Trump recently said that he always wanted a purple heart (given to wounded soliders) ... yet, he lied 5 times to dodge the draft.

He didnt know what the purple heart was given for ....
Trump said that Russia wouldnt go into Crimea ... when they had already been there for two years
The E-2 and EB-5 are two of the most notoriously abused visa categories 
that essentially allow wealthy foreigners to buy their way to US 
residency, and possibly citizenship, with a relatively modest 
investment. The EB-5 is literally a "citizenship for sale" program in 
which a visa for a whole family can be bought for as little $500,000 
Khizr Khan specializes in putting people together with this program. 
When people started to talk about his web site he used to get green 
cards for a price, it mysteriously disappeared yesterday.
Whereas Obama, as a lawyer, was SO knowledgeable about how to be the President.
Bill is trying to act like he's on Trumps level, CNN attacked me too etc lol stfu haha..
trump took a stand to warn our nation and he used his own money... he is trying to communicate to the USA of the confusing of actions and words.. what is the truth.... we are at war..he was set up... how are we to know.. we have americans in benghazi...that lost their lives... give trump  a break... all we have now is disrespect,,,hillary  is terrible...  the lord is watching... we can have our nation back. remember the vets need our support... may god bless our children.. and police officers..
7 mins of two lying cunts
same old tripe from trump what a lying clown
Google Clinton Scandals...lots to read!
 ....      -   .
Get em' Don...
Democrats FINALLY SEEM TO HAVE FOUND A WEAPON that worked against trump in regards to stay competitive and worked.. they finally grew a brain to figure out trump has a very short fuse with the back and forth VERBAL (go at him with a butter knife he comes back with a bat routine) and DEM's came up with it.. and they brought that weapon out for the first time at the dnc convention.. that being of course the Khan wishy washy delicate emotional ticking bomb better tread lightly story... and they did it in SPADES.. Trump not only bit on it but handled it very harsh (even though so obvious a ploy ad by the left) YET trump whiffed out at the plate BIG TIME... up to that point the butter knife/come back with bat only has worked granting him to wheres hes at,,,and the worse thing about him whiffing on this not only hurt him but brewed up a storm with his non-hardcore voters / gop WHO ALSO BOUGHT IT.. .i honestly think reason it got by him is cause his mind is 10,0000000 mph & overworked, he's winging everything that comes at him by critics.. if he was at a good pace with campaign  & to point where he can evaluate whats thrown at him a little better he def would have caught it.... so TRUMP please take a fkn step back you NOTHING BUT WIN THICK HEADED FIGHTER.. get on good pace & expect the dems to spend millions on picking there spots baiting you with more khan shit.. and they will do it flawlessly being only thing that has gotten by you to this point..
Show less
Obozo is worse than bush, at least bush had better handlers.
O'REILY IS A DISGUSTING HUMAN BEING....WISH TRUMP WOULD NOT WASTE HIS TIME WITH THIS GARBAGE "O'REILY".......HE IS NOT A TRUE AMERICAN....SUCH AN  UNATTRACTIVE MAN BOTH PHYSICALLY AND IN CHARACTER.....
trump needs to smile lol
Obama is a fuck head
trump is now in disarray clinton 2016!
For god sake just stop talking you stupid dumb ignorant person 
Khan and the Media forget to mention that the son was killed by Muslims. Then they shout "Islamophobia" because Trump wants to keep those killers out of the country.
Wormy cocksucker that Obama. What's the basic knowledge around Asia? Clinton is prepared to escalate a conflict with China.
He always looks so happy.
"I read a lot."  Donald Trump has not read a book in his adult life.
Racist on Racist lovefest.
This election is an entertaining Drama. I stopped watching movies, started watching & reading Daily Shows, Talk Shows, John Oliver. I don't want this to end. I'm from India and I'm enjoying, how about Americans?
100% happy not an American. You idiots, who think this fascist cares about are ALL stupid. HE WILL NOT BE YOUR NEXT PRESIDENT, GET OVER IT. There are more smart people, then stupid people in your country, that see who this joke is. I live in my country with peace of mind that we don't have nuts like you Republicans, who want guns because your not safe? 
You don't live in the best country on Earth, period.
Trump sounds like a rich 9 year old arguing.. I GOT MONEY I'M SUCCESSFUL LOOK AT ME CNN LIES STOP WRITING
Trump is a wise man. He is always spun by Hillary to be a bad guy but it is just spun junk.
However much garbage and however many lies President O, HRC and the Dems attempt to spew upon the public, any one with a grain of common sense will not swallow it. Most people are not stupid. Best to stay silent, knowing what you know is true, and CAST THAT VOTE. This is how you put an end to the garbage and lies. Let all the blind mice carry on following the pied piper to their doom.
one asshole calling another asshole an asshole
Trump is the best!
the world is so unsafe because of him and bush , maybe trump can fix it
Obama got it wrong on Brexit. His approach was to put fear into our hearts. We ignored this man and his accomplices. No fear.
every time I see Obama and hear him speak I want to vomit. the gay twisted crook has no cred. period.
Hillary is going to steal the presidency.
lol its so dumm a muslim mother lol so becouse of the 6% maybe 3% of muslims who faught ore died in american army we have to think all are good and becouse of the 90% mad bad muslims we havr to thonk ohh not evry body of them is bad lol lol come to germany see how it is you all wil vote trump after u seen the mess merkel did to germany and europe with open borders for all muslim now we have tousends of isis in europe lol becouse of the shit propaganda they try to sell you americans also hahaha dare to be wise americans !!!sapere aude !!!dare to be wise
how much money does this clown owe to Putin and other Russian oligarchs?
there is a reason he is kissing their ass,
Bill should ask him about that.
Why didn't Mr. Trump answer the question, was he prepared?
The country is in trouble and this President time after time go after a candidate. How about fixing the national debt, getting people back to work and defeating ISIS. Obama is the worst president in history it's a disgrace and embarrassing.
Barack Obama is THE worst president in American history
A Gold star family? Is he fucking kidding. Google Khan and see just how corrupt he is. He is also connect to HilLIARy.
Is it ethical for the current president campaigning for other candidate?
Trump is a world class con man. All his usual incoherent rambling nonsense.  Love how O Reilly talks and guides him through this interview like he's dealing with a six year old child.  It's hilarious.
Trump is the real deal. Some might say that he has temper issues, but I say that he's just keeping it real. It's good to see someone actually speak their truth, their heart, and their mind. I'm sure that he still has filters, but you can still see the real him. I would trust someone like Trump more, than lying and deceptive politicians like Hillary or even Bernie. Bernie totally lost my respect when he endorsed Hillary after all that's been done to him. It's very obvious that he was very upset and it was against his heart to support Hillary, yet he still did to be politically correct. Trump would've never done that because he likes to keep it real. This man would make a great President.
I believe in helery and she is the next president 2016
u don't even know what u talking about
fucking resist shut fuck up u don't fit to be a president
TRump has funny face when he talks LMAOO
lmaooooo too funny
Obama traitor you time is almost finish ! TRUMP go on remove all Obamas Mohammeds from White Home !
So is this suppose to turn all Trump supporters against him now and vote for CROOKED Hillary Clinton I don't think so   it's not going to work   khan used his dead son for political gain to get CROOKED Hillary elected. I never heard of this man until the dnc convention. he attack Donald Trump for Crooked ass Hillary Clinton. a very low blow................TRUMP 2016
The seeds of Mr. Trumps destruction are sown within him. He spends half his time throwing punches at people who don't matter. He spends a good amount of time punching people he needs on his side who do matter. No attention span. No ability to focus on the task at hand. Also a lot of people are saying he's actually a German homosexual and that his marriage is a Micheal Jackson type sham marriage to cover it up. How did we get here from a field of candidates so big?
Trump better be careful and not implode, he's got this in the bag.
trump is a child rapist who's sanity is being questioned by everyone from republicans as well as democrats.
Trump always sets the crooked tongues STR8 all the time....TRUMP for President!!
Another temper tanTRUMP what a joke. No wonder he's the least popular POTUS nominee of all time.
billi is not as smart as trump.
the family didnt sacrifice shit.. the son was the one who went to the army, because he wanted to, nobody forced to go there. and then he died and all of a sudden the parents were the ones to make a sacrifice? not the son who fucking died, but the parents? i dont get it. fuck obama, he's a sad little weak man. fuck hillary, that crooked lying witch demon. hop on the trump train motherfuckers!!
TRUMP! TRUMP! TRUMP! TRUMP!
why you are so mean and worst human,Obama,why you undermining your possible successor so witchi manner.
He sounds so childish!
do ex-presidents get any special state security?
OBAMA KNOWS HES GOING DOWN AS THE WORST IN HISTORY. THATS WHY HITLARY N OBAMA TRIES TO MAKE U LOOK BAD. THEY HAVE TO LIE CHEAT N STEAL
All Trump has to say to win..."I am not Hillary"...over.
ungrateful muslims... go get 'em Trumpinator!
Trump supporters are some of the dumbest people in the US. O'Reilly is one of the dumbest people in the media. And Trump is most definitely the dumbest presidential nominee representing the dumbest party. And the great thing is, none of this little GOP tribe can be convinced to use brains and common sense to vote Clinton because this little GOP tribe is just too dumb to understand. And here's the thing - when Clinton, as President, actually gets this tribe's folks jobs, they will still be too dumb to appreciate her.
can't wait for WW3
Trump all the way
Obama the dragon deceiving all nations Michael the chief angel and his 
angels fought the dragon Obama and bound him and put a seal upon him in 
Abyss pits of hell that he deceive the nations no more.
Let me refocus u back wow what kind president is that
this b*** a** is full of notion all his life.
"did I? ... may be not." 7:07 LOL
Is this an episode of the Muppets?
Obama is a traitor
Khan supports sharia law.    He isn't in support of our Constitution and has no right to try to school anyone on it, let alone the #1 staunchest supporter of it in recent history!  he did not choose to sacrifice his son to ISIS for our country, and Khan doesnt deserve any credit for it!  sympathy, yes.  credit, no.  His son deserves the credit for choosing to risk his life and unfortunately losing it.  shame on this man, the father, for using his sons death to further his politcal, professional  and financial interests!
What a stupid asshole! And yet, the democrats still haven't learned that the way to destroy Trump is to get as many people to attack him publicly as possible. Because this infant has no choice in his little brain but to respond to each one of them. Two or three a day is not enough. We need hundreds of attacks.
i will laugh so loud when democrat  nominee move  to the white house
trump and his supporters bunch of morons: go to hell
obama, ive never said this before but, STFU. You WERE NOT, AND WERE NOT PREPARED TO DO THAT JOB. Fuck you and retire, you have no other skill!!
Barack Obama is frivolous.
Thank you President for your 8 years as POTUS. May God help us all if the future mental patient, Donald Dump becomes POTUS!

HILLARY 2016!
This is comedy!
fuk off obama your the worst ever you i have no idea you belong in jail with hillary and bill
WOWWWW RACISM RUNS RAMPANT HERE!  So much hatred all in support of and encouraged by trump. Sorry to break the news, but this does not make our country great.
Tell Mr. Trump that is best to think something , but better not to say it . My Dad used to tell me as a kid that you need to think before you speak , the reason being , once you say something , there is no way you can take it back . Its like saying , "Silence is Golden". ... Smile, Ninette Bird.
Man! Trump is taking some heat! This guy is a LEADER is has great temperment and can handle heat from others
lol. "I read a lot", "many many people are saying it"..... the next president. Good luck guys. :D
I can see by the comments here that your all brainwashed Fox News fans.
Obama can say whatever he wants. Most people don't care at this point because they know he's completely full of shit.
Dear Mr Donald Trump.  Don't react to critism but go on with you campaign.
Obama is soooo unprofessional.  Obama IS a DISASTER.
These comments of the Trump-supporters here are among the most stupid things I've ever heard.
yet again to keep the republic strong the story about the mother trump said that many have said not that he had it was on the abc and another interview all republicans please keep strength and lets help the republic the force is stronger
Constitutional Requirements to be Prez:
You gotta be a citizen 
You gotta live in the US
You gotta be old enough 
And ay lmao, you're technically a candidate for President.
Two professional liars lying while praising each other for being so honest.
Interviewer has no interest to allow Trump to defend himself.
Make America Great again! Vote for me
This Gold Star family crap is retarded. If they do something bad slam them.

The son is a hero. The parents are shits!
Obama terrible.
Thank Mr and Mrs Khan, for teaching Donald about the American Constitution, Thanks.
I'm from Australia & I have always wondered why you Yanks voted in a Muslim President?
The more Obama speaks against Trump, Hillary better tell him to stop talking.  This is the idiot President that in one of the first visits to the White House from an allied country, Obama gives then UK PM Gordon Brown a box of Region 1 DVDs, that can't be played in the UK.   You can't make that up.
Rally u don't even know the Bill of Rights !!!  We the people have a Right to Reform & Change the GOV !!! James Madison !!! Trump 
I need to know what Ja Rule thinks about this.
TRUMP DOES NOT HAVE RESPECT AND DESERVES EVERYTHING THEYRE THROWING AT HIM. HE NEEDS TO STOP CRYING LIKE A LITTLE GIRL AND BE A MAN...LEARN TO TAKE THE TRUTH...AND IF HES RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT HE AT LEAST NEEDS TO BE SMART ENOUGH TO SHUT HIS MOUTH AND STOP CAUSING SO MUCH ATTENTION, EXAMPLE LIKE HIS GOLD DIGGING WIFE NEEDS TO COME UP WITH HER OWN SPEECHES. HIS SON NEEDS TO STOP TRYING TO FIND HIMSELF LITTLE STRINGS TO PLAY WITH JUST TO GET ATTENTION, TRUMP NEEDS TO FIND THE PROPER WAYS TO WIN THE COUNTRY. I DONT HEAR ANYTHING COMING FROM CLINTON. SO MUCH HATE THATS NOT A WAY TO HANDLE A COUNTRY TRUMP IS GOING TO KILL US AND END ALL OF US. FUCK HIM!
HE NEVER ANSWERED ANY QUESTION NOT 1!!
What a fucking idiot.  Blah, blah, blah. Donald Trump is not a talking head, he is a SHOUTING HEAD!
Hi
Fuck trump 
The only people that would vote for this con man are white angry uneducated old white men. Usually creepy old white men.
"You look at home ownership"...wait what? this coming from the man who said he was looking forward to the housing market collapse in 2008 because people like him make money?...lol...oh murica, you really are screwed, hillary or trump it doesn't matter who your next dictator is you are doomed.
snap, I forgot that, what is this "gold star" family, and exactly what did they do for this country, their son was killed, was their son in the army?
Trump and his fans are allergic to common sense.  Trump is more interested in feuds and being outrageous than he is in being president.  He is a waste of everyone's time and attention.  Trump has no idea how to win this election.  He's in way over his head and he's too numb to know it.  Soon, all he will have is his Trumpkins they'll all be squealing that the election was fixed and rigged and all kinds of other BULLshit.  Trump is destroying himself.  Good riddance
Obama, the WORST President in US history.
snap, orielly just said 'even if she sets you on fire, you cant complain ', are they that scared of islam
The Racist Factor. Hey O'Reilly? Ask Trump if you can have your balls back you old rinkled old man.
The deal is not so much about Trump, as it is about being so sick and tired of this politically correct liberal bullshit. Vote for Hillary, and bring in six million more Mexican and Muslim immigrants to further turn America into a third world shithole.
Look at Europe and that bitch Merkel, Hillary is just a big double down on that shit.
So what, if an insignificant person attacks you, you can't respond? Bull shit, if you don't respond you will get a thousand insignificant low life's attacking you non stop. Because they know you wont fight back these are the treats of cowards & moslims.
the leftist media can not  promote their candidate so they condemn the opponent instead ..
Obama you have done nothing for 8 years now you want to tell us how to run the country ??  Obama is the worst PRES in U.S. History !!!!  Look at the facts !!! TRUMP can't do any worst than Obama did for the last 8 years !!!  For all you dumb asses just look and see how Obama ran the country in the ground !!!   TRUMP FOR PRES 2016    MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN !!!!    HILLARY for prison  2016 to life !!!!
that khan bozo is apart of the Muslim Brotherhood and wants Sharia Law in the United States .
Obama is delusional!
Trump is a big cry baby...  wah wah
odumma has attacked thousands of soldiers families over the years..give me a break
good luck trying to explain smarter campaign moves to the goon that thinks he knows everything about everything.
More Evil.. Put Them Back Were They Came From, HATEFULL PEOPLE..
black-cat cat little wimp ass fucking cock sucking Obama Donald Trump all the way fuck everybody
everyone voting is a terrible
everyone voting is a terrible
everyone voting is a terrible person
everyone voting is a terrible person
Vote Trump!  Fuck the Muslims!  Fuck Obama and his soundbites!  TRUMP for President!
Sacrifices ???? WE SLAVE TO SURVIVE..... What A Moron .. Listen To Him Hes Stupid (Obama) Monkey Brains
Hillary owes the Saudis due to their contributions to the Clinton Foundation.
could most of the media take Hillary's side a little more?if that's not rigging the election I dunno what it is. Obama is a joke. Hillary even bigger joke. Trump may be a little rough but at least he speaks the truth. I hope people wake up and see the truth
Please don't screw this up, your our only chance.
Khan and Loretta Lynch worked for the same law firm. He brings Muslims into the country for money without them being vetted. He wrote a paper in Texas saying our legal system should bow to Sharia as Sharia is the ultimate law.

This guy and his wife should be deported.
During Obama's term he basically doubled our national debt, attacked our 2nd Amendment, passed Obamacare, etc.. He is the last person who can call someone "unfit" to be the President of the United States
Khan is a Saudi Muslim brotherhood operative.
Trump you have the biggest heart! And you're the one being bullied. Ignore the media and the liberals, they are doing it on purpose. Stay focused!! 
Trump/pence 2016!!!
What's the matter with oreilly? The Israelis fight back when Muslim females attack. We need to too.
Just say you f'd up! I swear if Hillary were not running I wouldn't be voting for Trump.
Prediction: 

When the Campaigner and Chief leaves office he will divorce his caustic spouse and declare his homosexuality (of which he did not hide in Chicago). He will celebrate with a Marlboro, filtered.  (Oh heck, he will probably smoke the cartoon.)  Obama will then move to Saudi Arabia and he will of course, praise the most slaving society on Earth, and bow, some more, to the Saudi Monarchy.  After he tours the Islamic World and apologizes for all those who cling to their bibles and guns, he will move to Eurabia and teach in the madrassahs and promote Sharia law, and show all the uniformed European women how to wear a burka, in fact he might wear one himself.

Oh yea, someone remind Barry (Soetoro) Obama not to forget his copy of Rules For Radicals.  Yea the one Saul Alinsky dedicated to Lucifer.
So, let's get Crimea back from Russia. They think Trump will let Russia keep it
Trump is a dump
don't listen to Obama trump,he's just Hillary's pet monkey!!!!!!!!GO TRUMP!!!!!!!!
Obama's a fuckin dick. Sorry I voted for him the first time. Only once though!
The Gold Star family attacked Trump at the DNC in front of millions. Trump had every right to defend.
nato is a disaster. they can't handle terrorist are they stir up trouble with Russia..... why do we need nato?
it takes obitchma 5 min to say one sentence. its so annoying! go die you goofy dumb fag
I bet in Obama's head he thinks he's the greatest president ever truly delusional. Vote trump he's not bought and paid for like crooked Hillary
Obamba:  TEAPOT CALLING THE KETTLE BLACK.
His second term is all about talking slow like Bill Clinton copy cat. He cant go off the cuff.
At the moment there is a movement starting in Iran on FB to stop women wearing those head dresses because they don't want to wear them. But the government makes them. The women in Islamic states are less then man and can't vote,  can't wear what they want , can't speak there mainds. They have to obliges there men. That's it... That's all the Donald ment , she lives in America , but is she allowed to speak?  CNN and Obama love this, now they can take it and milk it, Wake up America, the Donald is not a racist he speaks his mind, in Europe we know he is right .. Lots of problems with that same old issue. In Europe we said 30 to 40 years ago come over and work and they did, now the old generation has still the old be leaves and the new generation off those workers are in well fare and struggle in with there parents be leaves and that makes them crazy. Dutch guy speaking , sorry for spelling. Donald hope you win... And save the world.. Greetings Sepp Hannen Budel The Netherlands
Black people sold black people to white people.  That's how slavery began in America.  
I just found that out today, not from a history book mind you.
fucking A trump all the way................... Obama s a punk Jv basketball coach. All blue sky bull shit.The media turns a blind eye on everything about this this fricking lyer.
Jesus Christ these comment sections are cancer
Obama again talking out of his ass, Obama constantly slams police officers makes judgement calls against police without hearing all the facts did not know how many states we have had a secretary of state who was using unprotected servers sat in a racist church his entire life and was raised to be totally anti American had a wife who was never proud of her country and he is gonna pass judgement, it doesn't get more unpresidentizl than that
retarded trump
MOMMY HE ATTACKED ME FIRSTTTTTTTT
Trump supports Russia
Trump dodged the Vietnam draft 6 times yet attacks dead soldiers family and McCain.
bill just wants to get a sentence out TrumpGoTrump..Bill your fired lol
Jeff Dunham for pres, he already has his cabinet. Thin k about that,would ya???
Sad. Just sad. For a brilliant businessman, Trump is a political idiot! This man just keeps digging his hole.
Dump the lesbian bitch.
thank you obama , because of what you said im going to vote for trump
Fuck all them buttholes they're trying to get your goat Big Don. You need to start to  focus on this IS bullshit and what going to be done about it because it spreading out bigger day by day while our country is not watching because of politics. You Need To BE Watching if your going to be our president, this is a big problem in the world. Donnie you need to read this and pass it on, this of the most of importance NOW! The real assholes are gaining on us .  This is for everybody to pay attention too, the whole damn world!!  I'm just a peon down here in Florida and I see it every day in the news you should be watching instead of making appointments to be in the news. TAKE DINNER BREAK AND WATCH THE EVENING NEWS YOU MIGHT SCARE YOURSELF  ya boneheads!
Can this guy just move to Abu Dhabi all ready.
Donald, get rid of that Muslim fraud out of the White House , with his transvestite (Michael) Michelle of a wife or husband.
Uhhh,  what does Obama know?  The single most unqualified president,  ever.  Barry from the Chi...  You didn't and still don't know shat
I am supporting you Donald J Trump but you do need to be careful with your words. Can you just be a big person and apologize?
Obama is such a goofy little tool. Get him the hell out of there!
So, now the President that is leaving the office is trying very hard to appoint his successor. 
It's just amazing that some people are so blind they can't or don't want to see it.
Obama is appointing Hillary. period.
Khan, you will be forgotten after the election and no one will give a shit who you are. 
Hillary used now she's done with you.
And are we to honestly believe you carry a new constitution in your pocket everyday.
Yet, Hillary called Patricia Smith, the mother of Sean Smith, one of the four Americans who were killed by terrorists in an attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi a liar. 
Hillary is playing the media and people.
TRump is right. Bill you do need to see a psychiatrist
Obama is a great president!!! We need Trump in the apprentice...we the Americans need entertainment !!!
How the F are we going to get along with Russia? Putin is a dictator, no better than Hitler.
If you step into the ring expect to fight, Mr Khan should be aware of this. If his Countrymen were aware of this Americans wouldn't need to fight for them.
MORE PROPAGANDA FROM  OBAMA TRYING TO HELP HILLARY. SHE WILL STILL LOSE.
The biggest worn out meme that the Leftist toss over the fence -> Oh, all the conservatives are "uneducated". Let's break it down. The conservatives are not "indoctrinated". People who think they are educated are getting their knowledge from Leftist owned educational systems. Bwa ha ha. "We tell you what to think and you don't ask any questions. Congratulations, you're now educated!"
Donald Trump raped a 13 year old girl in 1994. His ex wife, Ivana Trump,  testified under oath that he raped and pulled her hair out in 1989. Donald Trump raped a businesswoman, Jill Harth, in 1997.  These stories are in the same papers that first broke the Bill Cosby rape stories.  They are not main stream yet, but as the evidence builds, like Bill Cosby, the stories will explode.  Search "Trump Child Rape" in google.
If trump wanted to look like the man, all he needed to do was apologize and said he was wrong and move on. But no, trump has to respond like a child and in no way shape or form can I support him for president. Hillary is not perfect but she is better then this doofus.
Come on Trump do you want to win or not!?  Enough with the justification stuff, we get it.  Stick to the issues, stick to the truth.  Don't fall into their little (big) traps.  Hit them hard where it counts!  You"re going to have to grow a thicker skin if you"re going to win this thing EVEN if you're right, which you are.  Right isn't going to get you elected.... SMART will!  The Progressives have an agenda and they know you're a fighter... beat them at their own game.... ignore them!!  Trump 2016!
Trump isn't prepared to be President? Does that mean he won't accept a bogus Nobel Peace Prize and then go on a world-wide "I Apologize For America" tour in his first few months in office?

Fuck Obama. He's been nothing but an arrogant fraud from the get-go.
Dish it out, but can't take it huh trump? He truly is a baby and easily upset. Sorry trumpsters he cannot be president.
How does one become a "Gold Star" family in America? Are we not all "Gold Star"? If not then wouldn't labeling the Khan family as "Gold Star" be a racist and bigoted statement from President Obama? Obama gives the Kahn family a "Gold Star" status because they are "Muslim" which means that all of the "Christian" Americans are somehow inferior to the "Gold Star" Muslim families whether those Muslims are citizens or not. Why else would Obama put Syrian refugees ahead of National Security or the Majority of America?
This comment section is the epitome of internet cancer. All you idiots who believe that a inexperienced narcissist can run the most powerful country on the entire planet lack the most rudimentary sense of intelligence. The most shocking factor about this election cycle is that people actually act like Obama is an embarrassment to this country; furthering the rights of minorities, killing Osama bin Laden, and rapidly expanding infrastructure are things to be humiliated at? Someone with over 3500 lawsuits, a self-centered ego, and not a second of political experience should be avoided, presidential candidate or not. Defaming other people's families and reputation is not a part of politics. It is child's play that should be restricted to a schoolyard. Sorry Trump, but you're dumber than a box of bricks.
He was saying "isn't that nice isn't that nice" while he was watching the convention? Lol is there something wrong with this man? He is a pathological liar. A sociopath.
shame on you Trump.. you are disgusting
Obama is so boring.
so.....the worst president ever decided to get off the golf course long enough to perpetuate a ridiculous agenda. ....shame on this "president" person....Hillary for prison... Trump 16
I don't know who will be our next president but I will be glad to see Barack roll up his prayer rug and head back to Chicago.
Trump is a joke.
A bad one...
Oh they were Muslim! This great nation failed us. THE PEOPLE! of this GREAT nation will not can not sit by while it is sold to the highest bidder. Mr Obama all inclusive. Don't tell us one thing and do something WE AS THE PEOPLE DO NOT SUPPORT! TPP Lie to us about Mr. Trump. Send your hate Mr Junior Senator from Illinois who knew all of the world and it's beholding's when you took office and the joke you have become.
Trump dodged the draft 6 times and said said sex parties was his Vietnam.
bill you think your so smart. no one wants to hear a know it all every single day.
Fox news is Awesome. Me and my friend in college boycott CNN and watch only Fox news.
The Khan has to blame the Bush and not Trump.
Pay for Play Immigration lawyer call 1-900-DNC-LEAKS
FUCK YOU OBAMA! TRUMP 2016 MOTHER FUCKER!
Wow, people on here are just as brainwashed as Trump University students. Sad
Obama=created ISIS. Trump will be a good president. Even Nobel Peace Prize want to take back his award. Obama is a joke.
He was viciously attacked?   The RNC chanted "lock her up"...Clinton didn't stoop.
Obamas brother and Farrakhan are voting for Trump
putin said"obama made 1 aceivement that he commended", but it wasnt for america, it was for a foreign nation. america first, better relations with the world, russia, china, usa. world peace!
the fact this president is telling the Republican party not to endorse Trump is the reason they should. those jumping ship will not be part of the party the people are forming. they are showing their true allegiance to entrenched politicians that don't get it.
Yeah but he's right!
The thing about Trump, every time he gets going he says something totally off the wall.  Hope he gets it together,  he needs to win.  "Trump 2016"
obamas a weak little man! I'm voting for trump!
Hillary created that gold star family by voting for the wars and the terrible new "rules of engagement". The family probably gets paid by the Clinton foundation to give speeches and change laws...
ask barry about drones, pakistan, obamascare, his muslim faith etc etc etc
good job Mr Trump.......
Trump has the right to defend himself regardless of who the attacker is.  In this case, it just happened to be the DNC and some angry Muslim father hired by the Dems.  Who gives a crap?  I don't.  You fuck with Trump, he'll fuck with you even harder.  Deal with it Liberal media wusses.  Go to your safe zone if you don't like it.
The Truth..Muslim attacks Trump...The media says , Trump attacks Muslim, ROFL. They twist everything out of proportion.
Populist movement will only grow for Nov.. It's so clear how the establishment is pulling every possible string. I just hope they don't HIT Trump.
The more the media and Obummer say we can't vote for Trump..The more I want to vote for Trump. I cannot wait till the day Trump can kick Obummer out of the WH. Can't wait.
we need to get back to being friends with Russia and the world again. TRUMP FOR TRUTH! TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT! TRUMP FOR AMERICA! GOD BLESS AMERICA! GOD BLESS TRUMP!
we love TRUMP!
fck you Barry
TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT NOW! 
fck Islam
that 'gold star family' attacked TRUMP2016! first....this coming from the most ignorant self consumed criminally inept president in history...STFU Obama...you're a disgrace.
Putin, FSB, GRU, MVD,  Russian military, and Kadyrovtsy (Chechen Fighters) have history beat the shit outta of "Radical Islamic Terrorists" group like Caucasus Emirates an Al-Qaeda link group.
Say what you want about Bill, he does have thick skin compared to liberals. Trump did, and honestly he was being kind of serious but still have joking, tell Bill to talk to his psychologist. And Bill does give Trump the chance to clear the air about whatever issues there are.
Hillary Clinton, Saudi Arabia's lap dog, Hillary Clinton is a WHORE AND A LIAR AND THE TRUTH AIN'T IN HER!!!!
bill o reilly is a smuck! no integrity. a people pleaser
Pakistani Sharia guy totally got trump and American media . Shame on America .   Shame on Bill.    American Islamization  starts in cowardice and political scheme .        A political Muslim totally grounded American spirit- Christianity .
The unintelligible ramblings of a Muslim president. Are there any real Americans left?
Proud of you mr : next president   Keep going
Boycot CNN.........
Trump a big narcissistic
go on Trumpkins keep on spitting hate and ignorance trump just taught you
Hard to trust politicians today
Hillary insulted the to families the other night .  The press is silent on this!!!
you know nothing about foreign policy you fucking idiot
CNN go to hell too
It's pretty sad when someone has to read a criticism to someone with long pauses and all. Yet Trump criticize him in return while looking right at the camera without reading and pausing. Trump/Pence 2016!
obama shut up !
Holy shit, what a fucking douchebag candyass crybaby.He attacks, name calls, insults, demeans everybody under the fucking sun, then starts acting like a whiny little bitch when someone goes after him.Fuckin loser who can dish it out but he can't take it."Viciously attacked" my ass .Boo freaking hoo.Big bad media picking on you poor baby? Cry me a river, then suck it up buttercup. Put on your big boy pants or gtfo.
can somebody please tell Trump to call this guy out for the scumbag that he is using the death of his son for political opportunism and personal gain!!! 
Jimmy Christmas!! this Khan thing is a total joke and an insult to the sacrifice that EVERY fallen soldier made!!
And this is what we get from a community activist, Damn we have a real piece of shit for a president! The damn woman was standing right next to her husband in our culture that means she agrees.
obama, you are disgraceful.....
So what he brought the mother in 
Get over it ....
The father is for sharia law no way around it so we are supposed bow down ???? 
An watch what we say not
  to offend them ?????
thats the problem right now politicians are bending over to the rest of the world. they have forgot what matters. The American People. fix America 1st than bomb the shyt out of everyone else.
....they twist what he says so much, laying traps for him made by the families of dead soldiers, yet Trump zips by them like The Roadrunner fueled by truth....and yet the media continues to spin the win.....
Obama is the president who ordered that no bibles or sacramentals be allowed into the Walter Reade Army Hospital .  He is the president who appointed Mikey Weinstein rather, I should say, set his jackal on Christianity in the military.  Obama is a piece of moslem shit.
OBAMA your a sellout wit yo jive talk
80% of the people I know are voting for Trump, and most of the others are just not going to vote because they hate Hillary.
Trump hell yeah !!!!
The democrats are filthy pigs. The democrat establishments (filthy pigs), all comes out from them is demonize and demonizing  Mr. trump; and, the democrats, pigs loves to eat, drink (their demonizing words.) from the their establishments, believe what they say ,like,  they are brainwashed, mindless people, and they start demonizing too.
Trump has to think before opening his mouth
3:20 - "I speak (slight pause) very well."
Obama, the worst President in our country's history. Obama should not be criticizing anyone.
question? has a past president ever talked smack against an incumbant. next year when you see Obama kicking a can down the street, he's moov'n
"Viciously attacked"
I mean, it was no Benghazi.
Ha ha ha oh Trump, you naive fool XD
there not a goldstar familey if there muslims.
Obama is a disaster for our country. Obama and crooked Hillary are incompetent.
This fucktard has no idea about critical issues. He has already decided who the next president will be. Enjoy
who cares  about Obama, one of the worst presidents in history..
I was born a muslim, most of my family are muslims.  Trust me, in most cases women aren't allowed to speak unless their husbands or fathers grant them to.  Trump's judgement was not outrageous.
how about the fact that hillary voted for the war that unfortunately was the result of that great hero's death? how about the left shaming the mother of one of the hero's that died in Benghazi? how about cnn not making a big deal of the direcor of the FBI not indicting her when he said he would indict one of his own employees for doing what she did? how about her undermining the intelligence of the entire african american community by saying she always keeps hotsauce in her purse? how about her conspiring with the chair of the dnc and hiring her 3 seconds after she stepped down as the chair?
imam obama, the inept community organizer has stumbled, spent, and golfed his way though 8 years, he has poured gasoline on race relations, doubled the national debt, the world is on fire, yet he has all the answers, uh huh
Barak low-energy Obama.
The fact that Obama doesn't like him means Trump is the perfect choice to vote for.
The press made it a big deal he says ,it's a big deal to disrespect the families of veterans.
Trump didn't attack a gold star family, the gold star family attacked him!
Obama's pauses really get to me.  I'd like to slap the shit out of him during one.
Funny how the people who claim nobody vetted Obama cheer-lead the first nominee in 40 years to hide his tax returns.
Bull shit. Obama is not the worst president. Herbert Hoover was. He was a republican who took us into the Great Depression of 1929.
Trump, slapping that massive cock down on the mat....  "beat THAT!, lil Barry"
