And yet the left will believe Dr. Ford and her bogus, uncorroborated story, over this emotional vivid and detailed story which was told no less than a week after the rape to three people.
Seeing how she is still suffering is so sad. The Clintons are heartless beasts.
So conservatives believe Juanita Broaddrickbut not Christine Ford?
I don't think this should be a liberal nor conservative debate .. this woman was raped!  I believe her! and I'm neutral fyi.... this has NOTHING to  do with votes for Trump!!! God bless you and may God's wrath be upon the Clintons!
Someday the Clintons will both be brought to justice.
Democrats are in COMPLETE DENIAL of the MASSIVE CLINTON CRIMES. This is classic mental illness. Something is very WRONG with these people.
This is not the only lady who has come forward.   People should at least watch this and hopefully this lady will get her day in court to resolve these allegations.   Bill Clinton was kicked out of a university for similar behavior. I want to edit that last comment.   I don't think he was expelled for it, in fact none of that incident was  substantiated.   I have a bias when it comes to the Clinton's and i should be mindful of that when commenting.
So sad. Where is the democrat outrage for this lady?
Poor acting. Fake news.
Watching how  White men and women  violate each other and get away with it. 

Don't misunderstand my sentiments,  Black and Brown people are in this, too.
No consequences Clintons.
He had his wife hillary help him get away with it in court.
The interviewer kept pushing ,pushing  and wouldn't  show some compashing . The woman is incredible brave , but shame on him .


He could have done it done proper or let another women do  the interview.
No offense but the interviewer is not made for interviewing, NO TACT at all! Come on we are all thinking this.
Didn't liked the crying but I believe the events.
Those who disliked this are supporters of Hillary who would like to dismiss this rape just like the Clinton's would.
That strong courageous woman I hope she knows that's millions of us believe her and stand with her and even for her. She must be so exhausted and hurt that people in high levels of gov, the law and the media would attempt to silence her after what's been done to her. Its humiliating to have to know what happened just like everyone who is abused stay strong and don't let it defeat you. Chin up 
Just look what she testified....How much is trump paying ya for doing this shit huh...!!Attention seeking bitch!!
Todays fuckin generation...Clinton haters...he may be a pathological liar but he is one of the greatest presidents besides JFK and Reagan they dont value him take him for granted democrats would be nothing without him he is the greatest orator of this generation ask any 90s guy and then they are gonna say Clinton is one of the Greatest domestic presidents that our nation has ever received....!! 
Man life was easy in the 90s....
Trump,Republicans and these guys are just jeopardizing his value..!!
Trump is certainly gonna go down as the worst president of this nation since ww2 he is definitely gonna succeed bush 41 and Carter in doing that!!
Okay okay I got it but first of all why did you support Clinton all through his presidency and why did you testitified that Clinton didnt rape ya!!! Huh?? Certainly attention seeking..!!
I have the right to express my opinion and to stand for what I believe and I believe bill Clinton besides I am a supporter of MeToo movement and a Clinton supporter and basically a trump hater!!
You had better be supporting this poor woman. She is still experiencing pain. She lives in fear.  And you were able to get an interview with her. Making her relive this is cruelty. Unless you will help her. Who is the interviewer? He is a like a prosecutor. I am greatly disappointed in the American people for not charging Bill Clinton and his wife with rape and intimidation.
How are these animals not in jail wtf?!?!
4:25- "Did you feel trapped?"  Wtf is that supposed to mean? Did he listen to what she just said? If not trapped, she would have left.

P.S. This woman seems sincere.
God is going to make him pay for that. if he ever pays for it on this earth or not
The Clintons will not escape Gods judgment, pure evil.
Im watching this almost a year and half later, i knew Bill had raped her but i didnt know it was this bad , the clintons are genuinely some of the most vile human beings ever , makes me happier Trump won.
I obviously don't know what did or didn't happen but I see this as bad acting, just saying. I despise the Clintons though...
The interviewer is me, when dealing with "sensitive topics" lol...
Bill and Hillary should really be burned at the stake.
It was really hard to click the thumbs up because of the horrifying description of her rape, but the information is important to know. Mrs. Broaddrick is telling the truth. Shame on the media for protecting the evil Clintons by ignoring her and the other Bill Clinton rape victims.
Sounds like the dude had beastly tendencies. What a shit bag.
She is incredibly brave, but the interviewer needs to be retrained or fired. Almost no empathy was expressed, or if it was, this edited interview does not reflect that.
believing her doesn't equal supporting trump
She's telling the truth!
MEANS LOVE YOU WANT TO BE ASHAMED OF YAH SELFS IF YOU WOULD LIKE TO NO THE TRUTH.
Rape? So what? Said over half of American voters in 2016, just so long as they could continue to casually fuck and kill the conceived child.
Welcome to your modern Democrat Party, same as it ever was.
This is what's happened thinking a
about ya self
HE'S GOT TEAR-STICKS ON THE HANKIE.
I knew she was a gold digger for not leaving her husband when the Monica lewinsky incident happened. She knows her husband is a rapist.
Only 35!!!!
Where's the tears
This is a sad vindictive bitch
read this and then decide if she's telling the truth. I believed her at first too then I got informed https://nostalgicbillary.tumblr.com/post/166526000071/juanita-broaddrick
Clintons scum
Ok women, now stop letting men into your bedrooms unless its his bedroom too. Like thats just dumb af. Im not saying ur asking for it or deserve it, but it does make u dumb af.
Bill clinton was high af.. her mouth was bleeding?? Demonic seriously
A 35 year old woman doesn't get raped. Bitch you got fucked
You can say whatever girl, but we just don't believe you
What kind of cunt lies about being raped. That woman is lying cunt. Bill Clinton never raped anyone. That cunt is smearing innocent Bill Clinton.
What an animal
i find it impossible for this video to only have 1.3 million views. uploaded during the heat of the election.
This lady's a fucking liar. No wonder she's on Breitbart, which is a known outlet for lies. I don't believe her story for a second. It sounds like a bunch of lies and bullshit and then on top of that, she said under oath that she was never sexually assaulted. Also her husband at the time accused her of lying about it. It was a decent performance though. Maybe she's convinced herself that it actually happened, but I'm gonna say there's about a 5% chance that it actually truly happened.
BILL CLINTON IS A RAPIST
They are not even humans, they are demons!!! Humans have feeling for other humans! They don't! They have no pity in other humans!!! They are stupid trashes of trash.
Jail time!!!! He is not human!!! Die!!
Feminists, where yall gone??
Bill Clinton is a rapist, seriously.
Fucking pervert, good riddance to both Clintons
jesus christ......
I was a young adult in the late 70's when this supposedly happened. She had torn clothing, a bloody lip, and possibly the presence of his semen (she doesn't mention use of a condom). Why wait 19 years to mention it? With that evidence, police would have done something about it. But she waited till there was no evidence (if there ever was). 
She also gave a sworn affidavit that Bill did NOT make unwanted sexual advances on her, but changed her story later.
Her story is too rehearsed. "Oh, it's so hard to talk about," but not too hard for her to go on Dateline and tell it to millions of people.
I and my gf tried an experiment. She's 120 lbs and I'm 250 lbs. I told her to resist me as best she can. She effectively held me off with some swift kicks and holds. JB didn't report it to the police, she didn't have any major injuries or bruises. She had invited BC to her room? Now she's a professional victim, milking it for all it's worth. Never go full retard - never put the pickle in cra cra!
do u guys realise that everyone that finds something bad about Hillary gets killed
You pro-Hillary trolls disgust me. Have you ever been raped before by one of the most powerful men in your state? Have you had the courage to go on national television for the past 30 years telling the same story, just so that people will know the truth? She never accepted any money for this. She is a well-off business woman giving her testimony of this brutal rape. How dare anyone make fun of this.
go close to trump he going to grab you.......
I believe you, Juanita. God protects you.
I dont get it how rapist are walking around freedomly
You are a Warrior woman.... God knows your pain and I do too. If I was living in the USA I would have a coffee with you and converse. You are wonderful and chatting about this issue as other pplz will be wiser about these savage abusers... I will be praying for your courage.
I am a trump supporter but this sounds like extremely fake news
well. Trump raped her too
This woman sounds like someone who's been coached by an attorney on exactly what to say to get a large settlement.  She hits every point that legal experts know to say. 
Shes manipulating. 
Shes afraid?  Even a violent rape victim has rational thinking. 
If you lile Hillary,  youll distrust her,  if you dislike hillary,  youll believe. 
 So open your mind and educate yourself on how a fraud would portray this.  Youll find her performance here is identical to how a fraud would portray this. 
But... 
lets look at rape. 
He had no weapon.  He made no action or comment that suggested hed hurt her if she resisted.  So she just laid there and let him do this? 
Okay... 
So hes holding her down,  holding her hands and legs (and trust me,  if someone were doing that to me theyd have a HARD time restraining me)  so he rapes her while she just lays there hoping itll be over quick. 
He orgasms,  lays there,  keeps restraining her while his penis goes soft, maintains his hold on her until he can get another erection and then he rapes her again? 

Did she scream for help like ....she was being raped?  Did she do everything she could to get out from under him?  How did he restrain both arms,  both legs so she couldnt get away? 
No man could rape me without a weapon or convincing me that if i didnt get away i wouldnt live. 

Plus she adds her guilt... 
and portrays hillary like theyre these scary,  powerful people who terrorized her. 
GIVE ME A BREAK! 
NO 35 YEAR OLD WOMAN IS SO BIG A VICTIM THAT SHE HAS NO RATIONAL THOUGHT. 

After watching this video,  I am convinced she is a fraud. 
I am no fan of Hillary's and especially not of her husband,  but no one deserves this kind of false allegation.  I hope there is a special place in hell for people who are willing to lie like this. 
Maybe she has a dying relative and needs the money, maybe shes being blackmailed by a republican to say this. 
But there is no excuse or amount of money that makes making a false rape allegation ok.
Sorry folks, this is bullshit.  This is why we have a judicial system.  If this woman was raped she should have reported it, but now it's just bullshit.  If you watch this woman, she can just turn it on and turn it off, it's an act....
Either the guy interviewing her is a psycopath or Juanita is faking. There's no reaction from the interviewer when she begins sobbing and that is a big red flag. Klein's empathy section of his brain isn't reacting and that is because a.) he's got a personality disorder or b.) broderick is full of shit and her crying is not genuine
Bill Rapist Clinton will meet his maker one day.
God will not have any pity for him either!
It's crazy how people are angry at Hillary for what her Husband did. No one has had an ounce of sympathy for her being cheated on
Paula Jone's lawyers wanted to question her on whether she had sex with BC. With the aid of her lawyers she filed a deposition in which she said she was not raped, but did not deny having sex with him. 

The deposition was filed in lieu of being questioned in person, and the Jones lawyers could have challenged it, and the judge could have ordered her to testify, but apparently they did not catch the fact that it only denied rape. 

Now, why deny rape, but not deny sex? Maybe because denying sex would have been perjury, since it was a sworn statement. Denying sex would have had the same chance of avoiding testifying as denying rape, but might have been perjury.

So, if denying rape was a lie, that carries the same penalty as denying sex, yet she only denied rape. Why? That is the question that has to be answered. 

Then there is the fact that so many women who accused BC had a paycheck as their motive, did Broaddrick? 

That is why I don't believe her. Was the lying then, or is she lying now? Since lying then carried a prison sentence possible, and now has a paycheck possible, which do we chose?
 I feel so sorry for this woman
Did Bill Clinton Really Say These Things?
Bill Clinton, White House Intern, Stained Blue Dress:
Did Bill Clinton really say: "I did not have sexual relations with that woman...Monica Lewinsky...we just shared a cigar"
-
Bill Clinton allegedly responds to Juanita Broaddrick's Rape accusation, :
Did Bill Clinton really say: " I did not rape that woman ... Juanita Broaddrick...we just shared my penis".
-
Bill Clinton on the Clandestine meeting with Loretta Lynch:
Loretta Lynch & Bill Clinton at the Airport Tarmac. Bill boards Lynch's plane to "discuss golf and grandchildren shortly before Hillary's FBI deposition. 
Did Bill Clinton really say: " I did not have sexual relations with that woman...Loretta Lynch, but I wanted to"
-
Bill Clinton on his congratulatory phone call to Donald Trump on Election night, allegedly:
Did Bill Clinton really say: " I did not have phone sex with that man...Donald Trump...but I thought about it"
-
Bill Clinton on alleged accusations of Pedophilia on Lolita Island,:
Did Bill Clinton really say: "I did not have sexual relations with those underage girls...we just played "Hide My Penis"
-
Bill Clinton allegedly discussing his marriage to Hillary Clinton, : 
Did Bill Clinton really say: " I did not have sexual relations with that woman...Hillary Clinton. I Really mean it. I'm telling the truth this time. Hillary doesn't even really like men"
-
Something makes no sense how is Hilary to blame  most men don't tell thier wife they raped a girl
''Clintons are Crime family''- Former FBI Director.
It took this much effort and this many years, until Juanita could get the truth to the public.
Just one of a dozen things that killed it for Hilary's presidency, way to go bill Clinton you are going down in history as a rapist along with bill Cosby , hope the few minutes of rape pleasure was worth it, never thought it would catch up to you and your wife did ya?, WRONG, haha, Hilary's probably bitching you out right now for loosing it for her, frigin looser!!!!! It was such a pleasure watching Hilary go down, wish I could have seen the look on your face, you two really thought all your rich buddies could buy you that election didn't you?WRONG AGAIN!
This is retarted. 
We have to choose between having a president who sexually assaults women, as well as their rights. Or having a president that defended a rapist.
So, Mr D (for "Devil") Trump is going to besoil the holy precincts of the White House. Armageddon has arrived!
how much did Mr donald chump pay you
shut the fuck up
This is more complicated than it appears here.  I always err on the side of believing the victim and fully understand why women are silent.  But here's the complication:  Juanita was 35 yrs old, married and having an affair with someone else.  She also accused her husband of hitting her and causing the swollen lip.  She testified that it didn't happen.  I believe her tears but I'm not sure where they are coming from.  

One thing I do know.  Hillary isn't responsible for this.  We don't make men responsible for women's transgressions.   Hillary has a history of helping women and believing women.  Hillary has a history of loyalty.  And a history of being able to work with people who have been hateful to her and stand up to people who have bullied her.  We must take a look at our sexist attitudes.
How come these videos did not become popular? The clintons are assholes who are 'above the law', I'm no fan of Donald Trump, but he's not a criminal, nor rapist. Sure, he's made mistakes, said some inappropriate things, but he would never RAPE another human being, I can't believe that the Clintons are getting away with this. I am so sorry that this happened to anyone, nobody deserves this intrusion onto their body, by giving Clinton right to the Presidency, there will be a rapist living in the White House, what the hell has happened to America?
Danny Williams your father is a rapists
Stop Clinton support Trump today
Donald Trump will become the next president of the United States and send cuntbag Hillary and Bimbo Bill Clinton to jail
Trump has uneducated white males last time I checked you don't win elections with those numbers. Not to mention all the rednecks wives who are saying don't worry Jeb, Johnny-boy, Cletus we are voting Trump (because we don't want your knuckle imprints across our faces), all the while voting for the candidate who cares about women and who is not a rapist. Trump should have fun at histrial in December for raping a 13 year old.
Shes a fucking liar how can so many dumbass believe in this im fucking laughing so hard
She is killary. Don't vote for her
Definitely voting for Hillary now.
I wish bill Clinton would di
I voted for Gary Johnson! Hilary and Donald don't deserve my vote!
lol this is exactly what people said about trump
Juanita, I believe you. And you are so brave. I admire your courage.

My heart breaks for the evil you have experienced from Bill and Hillary Clinton. I know it caused you great pain and fear back then, and it still does.  One doesn't just get over this.  Nor does time (decades!) heal all wounds in this kind of situation.  This kind of PTSD stays with one for a lifetime, unless the victim gets incredible help; supernatural help.  

I am praying for you, dear Juanita.
i'm sow sorry for this women
Damn the clintons are realy bad damn damn damn
biting on lip, same thing other bill accusers say.
Bad interviewer
Why aren't tears coming out when she cries
so he's a quick fucker...rapist BILL CLINTON
over a million views...hopefully some of the message got through
Hillary defended a child rapist as her FIRST career move 40 years ago, and she's been defending her husband's rapes for 40 years as well, she never fought for the victims, she likes rape, but if Trump talks dirty THAT is an abomination.
Biting of the lip is what these rapist do.. and should be in jail... Crime machine is still in busyness ... the Clinton's both are criminals... jail would be to nice... shoot them both...
lie detector test put it on her
money
This reminds me of Mariah Yeater and Justin Bieber's kid poor Selena Gomez
And then there is the emotional scars that last forever.
why so many dislikes
So tell me how this video shot to 1 million views in just a couple days but since then the number has stayed almost the same while a stupid video of a Trump supporter on CNN shoots all the way up to 12 million in a shorter time? Youtube is tampering with this.
this is so sad please do not vote for her
"I'm still afraid... ESPECIALLY IF SHE BECOMES PRESIDENT!"Well that's paid actress if ever I saw one! I knew she was lying even when she said "Why is it still so painful???" I have seen REAL rape victims and they don't talk like this.FAKE rape victims (liars) like this bitch and Desiree Washington disgust me!One thing I'm good at is spotting a liar and I determined this 100% after just 2 minutes of this crap.I'm not even impressed with Hillary Clinton and I don't like the idea of a feminist bitch as leader of the US.But I'm not for Trump either, he's a fat narcissistic racist idiot.I just hate bitches who lie about being raped - they deserve a bullet in the head.
I don't see how Hillary did anything wrong in this situation.   First off, bill wouldn't have told his WIFE he raped someone, who the fuck does that.  I think Hillary thought bill was having an affair or something and was getting in her face to freak her out and stop screwing around with her husband.  Bill is a price of shit, but I don't see how this affects Hillary
She doesn't seem to be lying at all honestly..
Don't worry about Hillary becoming the next President, Juanita Broaddrick and also the other women Bill Clinton violent raped!!!!  Donald J Trump is going to be the NEXT President of the United States of America.  GOD IN HEAVEN VOTED TRUMP!  TRUMP will be a BORN AGAIN CHRISTIAN in the White House and work VERY hard for all people in America to make America GREATER FOR EVERYONE!!  Abortion in the near future will be against the law.
All BS! Why did she keep working on Bill's campaign?!? 
"SHE'S LYING! SHE'S LYING! TRUMP PAID HER!" Are you guys listening to yourselves? Hillary said herself that rape accusations should be believed!
fucking lier
what the hell happen your a lier Hilary will win this old bitch is making shit up
Why is his common up now??? Not back in the 1990s
Don't just vote for trump for what bill did if u are a Hillary supporter or ever if this did happen. This is about bill and bill isn't running for president, Hillary is and bill wouldn't be running the country so just leave him out of it. This was not right for trump to say what a ass
He did not rape her...
Where was she earlier when Hillary stepped in election , this is a fake made story . Just to mock each other's
i feel terrible for this women and by no means should any women or man have to go threw such a horrific experience. But that being said Bill Clinton is NOT RUNNING its Hillary and thats who im voting for .... this happened many many many years ago some one should give this women counseling so she can learn to live day by day not giving over her life and power to a man who took if from her. #imwithher #hillaryclintonforpresident2016
Has she ever said why she has gone back and forth on these allegations? It would be a lot easier to believe her if there was an explanation why she claimed the rape accusation was untrue.
my nigga bill
God help our country please just have Ken Bone run for president
I was raped by Bill Clinton, too. He has a thing for biting lips.
Its so sad..... :'(
So America elected a rapist to be President
This needs to trend!
Bill Clinton is the fucking man.  This woman is a liar.  And Breitbart sucks.
This happens every two minutes. Shouldn't we see the larger picture here than dickhead clinton?Women need to be protected in their job, at home, in the streets and/or be avenged.
Supporters of The Clinton Criminal clan,are equally as disgusting! My opinion;Suck it up, or blow it out your dumb asses! The World Laugh's!
Americans, vote for Bob!
This is so sad. I'm voting third party this year.
People relate Bill to Hillary but she can be president while her husband and Donald Trump are in prison.
Hillary has to be the most contemptible nominee in the history of America. she has enabled Bill to rape and if he's raped once he will rape again
is Bill Clinton has raped he has raped again because he got away with it and he can
trump will win GO TRUMP
She sounds and looks like that southern Paula lady from the food network.
Next thing we will hear is about human trafficking... and pedophilia etc.
neither of them is going to be a good president.
Hillary doesnt want the media to show this...so they wont. It's like it never happened. It makes it hard to hear the stupid teenagers at Starbucks say they are voting for Clinton because she is the "only good choice because she's like totally smart and good and nice and junk".
CTR trying really hard on this one's likes
Please vote for the lesser of 2 evils and vote TRUMP!
Now take this video and compare it to the ones of Donald Trump accusers. You can clearly see that the Trump accusers have no emotion when making their accusations. Do thecheck and see!
There were comments on here with THOUSANDS of likes and now they're just gone?
Donald Trump/Dead man walking. He's lost and you ALL know it. God I'm having a great week. Hillary 2016. Suck it BB.
Breitbart#= Conspiracy theories home for the unintelligent ,racist ,tiny penis, ged, mommy issues, daddy issue, little minds club.
Pussy grip recommended by Donald J. Trump
Was this posted before Trump grabbed the pussy? ...I will come back here when Trump loses ...just to laugh.
kill blinton as I rapits
Oh typical Bill raping women left and right. Absolutely disgusting. If you went to jail for what you did your ass would be getting raped.
she like it to   an the money to    get over it   how mush  money she got from bill
Wow how much did Hillary spend on false accounts down voting this? You can't hide forever Hillary.
There's a crooked dicked Bill and then there's crooked Hillary.
Lol. Let's believe all this women who were paid to tell their story. OK. And Breitbart, you need to remove the news after your name. You make FOX look like CNN.
Um, if American citizens could wake up, they wouldn't vote for either one of these candidates. Time to snap out of your stupor people and make a change. You are the only one's that can. Definition of insanity, doing the same thing over and over again and expecting different results. There are other parties to vote for. Good luck with it all. This election is the most horrific drama I have ever seen at this or any public level. Americans are supporting this crap? Wow.
Liberal logic: "All women who claim they were raped deserve to be believed.... unless they're conservatives."
SHARE EVERYWHERE BY ALL MEANS POSSIBLE
why Hillary defends him?I mean , wouldnt a woman leave the man who rapes and has sex with other people?
Oh how fake!!!  How much is Trump paying you??? Nothing but a Republican/Trump weapon....your such a low life....a disgrace to real rape victims!
The alt right denies any rape allegations unless it supports their agenda.
I am always amazed at these women they do nothing at the time. Now I understand some of the supposed rape victims are  in shock. What I find alarming they wait till the aledged  offender becomes famous and then they decide to go  public. Thus to me it confirms  it is all about money
THIS BROKE MY HEART TO SEE THIS WOMAN WHO WAS RAPED BY BILL CLINTON, THE FACT HILLARY PROTECTED  HER HUSBAND A RAPIST, AS AN ATTORNEY SHE BETRAYED EVERY RAPE VICTIM OF RAPE IN AMERICA, VOTE FOR TRUMP WE DO NOT NEED A RAPIST IN WHITE HOUSE, THIS WOMAN IS AFRAID CLINTON WILL HARM HER OR KILL HER TO SHUT HER UP.. WAIT AND SEE FOLKS WHAT HILLARY WILL DO TO SHUT THIS WOMAN UP
Vote for TRUMP.
HILLARY C'est la guerre mondiale avec les russes, c'est les mensonges permanents, le sosie qu'on sort quand a arrange (aprs un malaise neurologique). HILLARY is dangerous, it is the straw candidate imposed by the globalization system.
Trump supporter
God will judge the Clinton's for what they have done.
HRC WILL NOT BE PRESIDENT and there is no way in hell that this couple will not see jail!!  Go after him now and see if you can't bring charges against him for rape!!!
she is lying on him saying he was large lol females lies on men
Fuck you Hillary! You support a rapist of a husband yet you try to throw dirt on Trumps name with false accusations of rape. You may get away with it now but when you die you will be exposed by the judgement of God.
Ok.
Obama signed an Executive Order on Oct. 13 2016 info on whitehouse website under Presidential Actions for anyone interested. BE INFORMED   GOO TRUMP
And Yono Okono said she had an affair with Hillary, I don't know what to think any more. Some people would say anything for money, they don't know how to survive with out money because they never had to.
6,065 of the liberal scum saw this.
Rape victims are all liars according to democrats.  Treat them as such.
This bitch lying...
I ask how  much  trump pay to this lady's  to talk  shit
I think this woman is credible. But I would never want to have a president Donald Trump. Then better Hillary who may have dark points but at least is predictiable and not dangerous for the world's security.
Why would a person who was so traumatically rape as she just tearfully stated so many years later, not once but twice, later even want to attend any function where Bill & Hillary we're going to be?? I thought in this video....I keep hearing her say " I'm so scared of them" but she still went willingly to the function. If a person is so traumatically effected all these years later to put on this so called crying fit on YouTube....how was she able to happily converse with them at that function instead if turning & running in fear.....or why did she even go to the function anyway??? I'm so confused about her actions???? I was also wondering...... How did bill Clinton rip a skirt at the waist band ...A waist band sewn onto "anything" is normally sewn twice. Just try ripping a skirt at the waist band....especially laying down. This has me wondering what the truth of the whole story really is??? Her words don't seem to hold water!!!
liberals care about rape until their precious clintons are accused
Somebody give this lady a hug seriously poor woman
i didnt watch the video but did she claim bill grabbed her right in the pussy
6,000 dislikes REALLLYY??????????????

You think this woman is lying? If she's lying give her every Oscar for the next 100 years! I've personally interviewed rape victims. This woman isn't lying.
now proof  is surfacing that these women accusing Trump lied...proof that Hillary had lied under oath Obama LIED to us for her. she hates everyday Americans and the media LIES for her too!  PROOF!  PROOF is the key word here. do your homework people before you elect an enabler to a sexual predator ,a liar, and someone who dosen't even like us.
Sharedgplus.
I feel so sorry for your experience.A powerful man ,a rape,so painful. Speaking out is your best protection.You are brave and strong to tell your story.I admire you so much.
Bill like the ugly ones and Donald likes the beautiful ones which makes him better qualified to be in the White House.
This whole interview seems baited and set up. Ive seen other interviews with the same woman on breitbart before and both times the journalist guide her through the "rape" and furthermore (this is going to upset people) those tears are fake, this woman is such a bad actress!!!
I can't believe that happened but I hope that poor lady is okey
I despise the Clintons and I realize the media has been disproportionately harsh towards Trump lately but this is certainly an opportunistic desperate politic strategy by Trump to salvage his chances. In a 1998 affidavit Juanita Broaddrick denied that any of this happened. There's a slight chance that she also made that up for reasons of convenience and political expediency but at that point you're just speculating off of inconclusive evidence and wishfully presuming the culpability of the Clintons due to the animosity towards them. Judge for yourself 

http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-srv/politics/special/clinton/stories/affidavit122398.htm

http://www.politicususa.com/2016/10/09/sworn-affidavit-juanita-broaddrick-denies-allegations.html
I don't care for Trump, but she spoke up in 92 when he ran and she spoke up during his presidency (during the Monica stuff) ... nothing was done then, and nothing will be done now. The media won't cover this, because they are in the tank for people like the Clintons. We're just supposed to focus on big bad evil Trump that's gonna eat our children. I hate politics
her acting was the only crime committed here!
This poor lady. <3
Hillary Clinton will NEVER win
why clinton not in prison wtf going on in this   country
The Clintons are demons.
Bill should rott in hell
She was 35 yrs old weighing 130lbs? She is worried HC will become president BUT Bill was president ????? I want to believe this BUT WHY NOW? Right after thrump needs scape goats to deflect from his shameful behavior. There must be an investigation. 
This is madness.
Oh God lady.  Just shut up already.  Nobody believes you.
This interviewer isn't worth shit and is asking questions that only perpetuates victim blaming and finding fault with the victim.  Of course she blamed herself, that is what girls and women are bullied to do so.
This woman is not Lying! I know because i've suffered a rape too.
Sooooo you had the chance to put Bill behind bars, but when you were under oath, you DENIED EVERYTHING. And we're supposed to believe you lied, under oath, because Hillary made an angry face at you that seemed threatening......

Sorry but I'm not buying this. I think Trump is digging up 20 year old tabloids because he's desperate, just like the fools who believe this.

Let's see some evidence, please.
Why are so many people scared of hillary??? because she's a demon??..the Clintons need to be executed by hanging in front of everyone to see! that's one pay per view I'd gladly pay for!!!!
im black and im 18 years old im confused dont know who to vote for people keep saying trump is a racist  dont believe that but they think just because im black i have to vote democrat but i dont want the clintons in the white house they're corrupt
VOTE" ANONYMOUS ,"....THEY ARE FOR THE PEOPLE ,!!NOT THESE IDIOTS THAT ARE PUPPETS ON A STRING ,! !!!! COME ON AMERICA "WAKE THE HELL UP "!!!!!!! These bastards want to take you freedom and America away from the people  EYES OPEN BEFORE ITS TO LATE!!!!!
We have tohelp for her and vote for Trump !
Hillary-supporters just say she's lying Then they say "it's not Hillary's fault what Bill did."
Then go "I CAN'T HEAR YOU, LA LA LA LA LA"
I would just like to point out that the differences here are that Bill is not running for president and we don't know that this happened I'm not trying to discredit her but none of us know if this is true and people are innocent until proven guilty but the difference between trump allegations and Clinton allegations is that Donald Trump has confessed to doing the things that these women say he's done to them and he is running for president. Again I'm not trying to discredit her i think that it's important to point that out and to also point out that they are supporting a man who's being accused of making women feel exactly the way that they say that they felt and he's bragged about it for years that's the difference here
6K dislikes come from Clinton apologists
stil if that rape is true,  i dont think that bill told hillary about the total  truth.. if he would have told hillary all these things  an details .. i still kinda have the believe his wife would have reacted differently. there are lots of women in this word who defend their husbands till the last bit, bcs they dont want to believe the real truth themselves..bcs it would tell them that all they believed in was a lie-- i kinda think that hillary might be one of them..


i dont think that joanita b. has to be afraid of hillary, that will be to a hot iron for her to get into that spotlight, if the rape is true i also thibk she doesnt have to be afraid of boll clinton, i kinda think he knows what he has done. still i recommend these women not to support trump . hes just using them. hes a assuaulter himself, and takes advantege of your tragedy. if he and bill were friends, he would make locker talk with bill clinton.   the only reason why these women talk with trump is that hes is --out of his own selfish reasons--giving them finally a platform.  A platform they should have had from other people a long time ago,, if the rape is true, and it seems to me that it is-i wish these women to find a platform--bcs these kid of ruth needs to be spoken out! but not supporting a man is acting like trump. bcs you women get abused through this a second time! Trump is abusing your tragedy for his campaign. i just pray that the truth will come out and evrey rapist in the world gets his carmic punishment he deserves.
She is brave! After years she still feeling that horrible emotional pain. That man scarred her for life. My first vote when I became a US citizen was for a democrat. Now they will not have my vote, especially that Hillary.
Bill Clinton is the biggest rapist.
Hillary Clinton is the biggest pimp.
if thats true then america shoudnt vote at all. pest or cholera. what great choice.  Put michelle obama in the office. or bring back Bernie Sanders.
HILLARY 2016 !!
poor poor woman
Can they all just take a lie detector test or something? FFS
poor lady!!!! disgusting!!!
I have a nagging question . . . . Why didn't Juanita Broaddrick and those other "rape victims" report Bill Clinton to the police and sue the pants off him???? Is it because the sexual assaults didn't actually happen?. . . . mmm. . . .Can't help wondering. . . . . ..
is she mexican?
And I don't care for Hillary either.....but come on, take an acting class!!!
Where are the tears she is suppose to be wiping??? She is wiping tears that aren't even there!! Amazing that there is all that acting but not one watering eye!! Take a close look at those fake tear noises. All that crying but no stuffy nose! They must have stopped the video to blow her nose!!....right???
I wonder how much money donald trump give this actress to do this...
yuk
maybe it's a lie and they're   trying to make you believe that bill was a rapper to make sure everybody  Will vote for Trump and not him.
i don't believe her
Where was this story when Bill was running, and ultimately became president??
That bitch is a fucking liar
JUST LIKE HILLARY 6,023 ABSOLUTE EVIL INCARNATE HUMAN BEINGS!!!!
YouTube deleting comments again...
lmao lying sack of shit
Bill is the KING OF GROPING!!! and Hill knew it was all going on and blamed the many many many women
How much have you been payed Ms Broaddrick to utter such dribble?? President Clinton is a great man and you are trash
I believe her, this is so sad.
TRUMP RAPES 13 YEAR OLDS.
Pauvre femme ,c'est pas normal qu'ils sont encore libre ,hillary clinton  toujours protege les pedophiles
I'm surprised this woman and all of Bill Clinton's rape victims didn't mysteriously disappear or commit "suicide" unexpectedly.
Trump 2016 Make America Grope Again!
tear of alligator  ??????////; not true story trump will pay her to say this story
how much trump gave you
So both Clinton and Trump are allegedly rapists. Can we as a nation revolt and demand someone new then? it's turned into a lesser of two evils and both candidates are deplorable.
if hilary gets in i call for civil uprising!
Slate, of all places, actually has a pretty good analysis from 1999 of Broaddricks case:

http://www.slate.com/articles/news_and_politics/explainer/1999/03/is_juanita_broaddrick_telling_the_truth.html
Broadderick is a liar by any account and has zero credibility. Anything she says is suspect.
Either she lied about the rape then and now, or she committed perjury by lying under oath, TWICE.

Oh and Trump's Ex Wife under oath admitted to being raped.

How's that for substance and not brainwashing bullshit Breitbart propaganda.
Hillary and Bill don't deserve prison. They deserve a public execution by firing squad.
Consider the fact -- as compared to her recent and past statements in television interviews -- that twice, the only times Juanita Broaddrick was placed in a position where she was legally obligated to confirm or deny the veracity of her allegations against Bill Clinton (first, in a sworn affidavit, under oath as "Jane Doe 5", under a 1997 subpoena by Paula Jones' lawyers; and then again, in 1998, in a sworn deposition in the same case), she denied that these events actually happened.  Even during the Kenneth Starr investigations of Clinton, Broaddrick was determined to not be a credible witness.  I'm not pretending to claim with 100% certainty that her claims are/were false -- but why, given the chance to implicate Clinton, even anonymously, as "Jane Doe 5", in the Paula Jones harassment case, did she state, in her own words, that there were "no unwelcome sexual 
advances, that there was "no truth to the rumors", and that these allegations are untrue"?  How is it wise for anyone to put blind faith in the words of any individual, regardless of their political affiliations, who makes certain claims in public that they are unwilling to substantiate in private and under oath?
I LOVE TRUMP
I don't believe this shit
Till Doc's are Filed and Due Process all I see is a Fiction of Facts... I want to see Truth in Fact Due Process...
Breitbart News is Andrew James. He works for Trump!!!
if you follow john and Janet Ashcroft and that law",,, you become the machine,,, as Deus x la Machina... see... the Holy See... Has Jurisdiction in most Legal issues from the Beginning of Law in the western world... However in America we have this little thingy we call Constitutional Natural Law.. I suggest we get back to our constitution fast... SCOTUS has our bill of Rights by the Proverbial Balls"... Burn the Mulberry Bush again.
I don't believe her. I think that she had consensual sex with Bill Clinton. The fact that her own husband when interviewed did not remember an injury to her lip and stated that Juanita had not told her about this incident yet the man she was having an affair with at the time Mr. Brodrick claims that she told him about the incident and did notice an injury to her lip as well as other events such as her 1997 affidavit that Bill Clinton never sexually assaulted her, and the fact that she recanted her affidavit statement in 1999  amidst the Monica Lewinsky scandal while Mr. Clinton's political opposition was working hard against him with the full weight of their congressional might to destroy him.
Bill clinton: I did not rape her, it's not true , it's bullshit I did not rape her, I did not.... oh hi hillary.
Et Injuria Et Non Jus Oritor,,, Et Factus Et Injuria Et Jus Oritor.. Et Non Factus Et Non Injuria Et Non Jus Oritor... Factus et Jus Oritor... Et Non Quitea Morvere... Fiat Justitia Reuat Caelum... Find Peace out.
When the body of evidence exposes liability of action with or without intent,,, Angels Refuse to speak to man... Rather the man in the Tent,,, or The Mans Intent... However.. Angels only Speak with Guardians.,, or the Man in the Tent,,, our Soul... Know Thy Self WEll,,, is my suggestion,,, rather than having Guardians x plane it to your asssssss... Due Process is in Sacred Ordo... Make it so... #1 or become number 2 fast.,, and be stuck with Papal Bull Shiite.
in the Court,,, or on The Street... Choose well,,, Guardians.
Evidence of Clintons Crimes is there... on record in publick... The Question Remains... Does America have Two Standards of Law... one for the Elite and Powerful and the Other for the Sheeps... that is the Issue,,, Due Process Equally by Law... it seems we Have No Justus,,, and No Peace.,, Time for a Healthy Disambiguation of Truth in Fact Justus in America... Criminals vs America 101# When Tyrants Rule... The Brave... Fight.,, You Better Fight Like All Heaven n Hell is After your Asssssss,,, it is.
Brave would be... Ripping his teeth off your lip and or biting his dick off,,, and fighting like Hell till He Killed your ass or the Agents came in and took over... Brave is fighting back with every last measure,,, not waiting till the cows jump over the moon to deal with it.
Haiti is a much better cold case to re open than most of these rape cases,,, because the woman already settled or could not prove the case... so... Haiti... they still have a valid case...
you could have bit his dick off... so... coulda shoulda would not do it... this event is not valid by way of lack of interest on the victims behalf... and Benefit she received as compensation... settling the argument...case closed.
America has enough inductive evidence to Have due process or not... so.. the question is and remains the double standard of law... will the criminals in office... demand just us be served or the gang of thugs running our World into the ground...it seems pretty self evident,,, the Criminals are not gonna hand America or our Justus system back to the People who Own it,,, that is us,,, so De Facto we are an occupied nation... run by Tyrants,,, and their agenda,,, you want due process,,, now.. right fucking Now,,, is the time to Take it.
I Hate the Clintons... most of all.. I hate false accusations against people no matter how fucked up they are... or evil... see... ihate people blaming my brother the Devil for anything under the sun.. They get Caught doing... see The Fucking Devil... Does not make people do shit.... Fucking People do shit... then Blame my Brother... it Doesn't work in Heaven or Hell so... Cry me a River... if you wanted Justus... when it happened is when you had that chance... it is a little late now... all we have now is your story... it Could have Been History,,,so... whatever
who the fuck will make something up like this...this is so sad to hear....can i ask use this who's is gonna be your president?.. people that rape or people that laugh at someone like this or someone  that support and tell the whole fucking  world about..go Donald Trump!!!..fuckn rapes
for the life of me i cant understand how this man isnt in jail...how hillary isnt in jail...and how ANYONE could vote for her.  PLEASE send this video to everyone
I'm going to choose to believe the amount of dislikes for this video are because of what happened to her and not against her personally. I refuse to believe there are 6,000 people who would downvote a woman telling such a personal and hurtful experience. God bless you, Juanita.
Is I'm being bad cry why cry I don't understand their language understand write your e. 
The idea that Bill would tell his wife that he had raped Broaddrick and then that Hillary would then try to intimidate her... why the hell would Bill possibly tell his wife that?  Just how stupid are you people?
I feel sorry for her.. but HILLARY didn't!! She wants to be PRESIDENT by any means necessary!!! TRAITOR!!!
Unbelievable that Clinton supporters blatantly ignore this. And not to mention there were no questions about this in the debate. Unbelievably rigged. The Clintons are vicious, scandalous people.
Crocodile tears..hahaha what does Hillary have to do with this... she's also a victim of Horny Bill just like Horny Trump
Lots of tissues but no real tears. Hmm.
poor woman
i believe her
Why did she testify the opposite in 1999? This is a fucking mess, I don't know what to think.
Every Hillary Clinton supporter needs to see this.
Five thousand people are lying to themselves
This is the reason hell exists
old dirty bitch.
Spread this all over the globe. Now!!!
this makes me sad
Asshole ClintonsThey're all put into Jail
LIAR
I
A
R

GET REKT YOU FAT CUNT
So why didn't she bring this up when bill actually ran for president not his wife??
How could anyone vote for Hillary? she's a slimey bitch!
Hillary is a bitch you should not vote for. Trust me folks.
Do one about trump I'm sure you'll have a whole series
Okay, a little levity here.I know that the sight of a crying female canseem very convincing, but let me state afew facts that are NOT mentioned in this video before anyone makes up their minds. This woman was a Clinton supporter in his run for governor of Arkansas in 1978. She was married to Gary Hickey at the time of the alleged incident (April 1978),but she was carrying on an affair with a married man named David Broaddrick (whom later left his wife and married Juanita in 1981). She claims that she suffered a swelled lip from it being "sucked on" during the alleged incident, and that she told her then husband, Gary Hickey,that she accidentally injured her lip, butGary Hickey has stated that he did not remember her lip injury, or her explanation. Juanita Broaddrick attended a Clinton Fund Raiser, 3-Weeks after the alleged event took place. Juanita Broaddrick, herself, asked her local paper (The Van Buren Press) to cover a visit byClinton tothe Nursing Home she worked at in her home town ofVan Buren AR, in "1990" (there are pictures of the two of them together at this event). An FBI investigation, headed bythe infamous "Kenneth Starr", found theevidence against Mr. Clinton "INCONCLUSIVE". Their were no eye witnessesseeing Bill Clinton arrive, or leave, the Camelot Hotel (where the alleged incident took place), on the day of the alleged incident (4/25/78). It took me all of 10 minutes to look up these facts via GOOGLE. Look, could this women have been raped by Bill Clinton? I honestly don't know, and no one but herself, and Bill, knows for sure.But I doknow this, anyone can make aallegations,and there have beenno two people in history that has had morelies told about them, andfalse allegations waged against them, than Bill and Hillary Clinton. Oh, and last time I checked, Bill isn't running for president!
Liarrrrrrrrrrrrrr
Hmmm...
Juanita we out here are with you God bless you and have a giant hug
We all love you, Juanita. Thank you Kathleen Willey for supporting Juanita. What happened makes my cry. How can Bill and Hillary be so cruel? Bill never apologized, so you do not have to forgive him. Hillary threatened you. Juanita's original intent was to help the Clinton campaign. Jesus will judge Bill and Hillary. "Vengence is Mine", saith  the Lord. I pray for your peace Juanita. You are a trusting person. I know it was very painful for you to discuss this. You are a brave woman. Everyone who sees this video feels for you, Juanita, and know that we love you very much.
What a dirtbag cyka..
Everything about the Clinton Crime Family is fake and deceitful. These people are morally, financially and politically corrupt! Vote down on the Clinton Dynasty and Empire! Dismantle the Clinton Crime Family Foundation, which serves only as a tax shelter and self-enrichment scheme for personal and political gains. Together with Obama and the Democrats, as well as the media and other special interest groups and individuals, the corruption and deceit of the American people have spread to the FBI, DOJ, DOD, and many others!!
I have 2 questions? Mostly for me to get some sort of grasp here: Do you think that Obama as for the minority really actually helped out during his presidency? Mitt romeny looked like the other candidate(((I'm sure it was the propaganda at the time but I wasn't paying an sort of attention to it (left)Do you think if Hillary or even trump is elected it will be good for woman'srights or children?If they turn this show/ or meltit into Mormonismim shoo-in. And I'll save the t for later.
Fuck Hillary,I'm definitely voting for Trump
This poor woman! So strong to speak out. I am praying for you Juanita and the others. I really cannot stand to think his crooked wife is running for president. Screw the Clinton Family!
Bill Cosby accused of rape. Crucifixion. 



Bill Clinton accused of rape. Crickets.
I know Trump has said some lewd things about women, but how can any female voter actually vote for Hillary after watching this video and knowing that Hillary stayed with a rapist and predator for her own political gain, and also led the effort to scare and trash Bill's assault victims.
$$$$$$$$$$ whore
Don't be afraid, Juanita. Be strong!
Bill clinton and Bill cosby must have partied together
Brave woman. Clintons are a vicious evil pair of lowlife people, complete trash.
she's obviously telling the truth
Men are so cruel. They hurt woman mentally and emotionally. Shame on you Bill.  
-We need a woman as president this time.
Ladies, imagine the savagery of a man who bites down hard to your upper lip then hangs on to control you during an entire rape... Then imagine that evil mans wife(Hillary) sent as an attack dog to silence, destroy and discredit all the women who dared to come forward... imagine all the women, some as young as age 19, who never spoke up because they were too ashamed and scared. Imagine its your own daughter with that savage beast dominating and raping her..... now go vote for Donald Trump and make America Great Again.
liberals are caught in a catch 22 situation,dont they support the full support of rape victims,yes unless its one of their own ideiological leaders caught in rape allegations .this is one of many attacks,bill clinton was expelled from oxford university for the rape and horrific beating of a young woman.he also bit her.......starting too see the pattern liberals?but heres the scary one-what about the 50 or so suss deaths that surround clinton and co
poor woman...he raped serbia as well
mainstream media is so bias against trump.... not fair!!!!
Liberal Democratic women are sluts and whores, Have You Heard of Sexual Liberation. Liberal Democrats Love the metropolitan, cosmopolitan, urban areas. If You Go to Any Big Cities You will see Liberal Democrats and Homosexuals. Every Liberal Democratic Cities Has Homosexuals and weirdos.
Have her take a lie detector test.
If she is lying, then she deserves every acting award possible.
Looks like Paula Deen's sister.
Breitbart productions, king of the smear videos. Trump had to do something after getting caught. And this isn't the first time Breitbart produced a smear video on his political enemies.These will be a dime a dozen now as the right wing extremists get desperate. The timing is suspicious, no? Breitbart 's a fast worker.
Brave woman
Why would you want any of the candidates in the White House? None of them are good.Just face it, were fucked for 4 years
The main problem with this claim is that it probably will never go to court because Norma Rogers and her sister, Jean Darden, two of the star witnesses were angry at Clinton because Clinton, as governor, commuted the sentence of the man who killed their father.  This happened before the rape claim.  Any good defense lawyer would say that reasonable doubt abounds because the two sisters made this up for revenge purposes. 

http://heavy.com/news/2016/10/juanita-broaddrick-rape-1978-interview-dateline-twitter-bill-clinton-evidence-presidential-debate-trump-hillary-family-husband-sexual-assault-witnesses-video-donald-norma-rogers/
This election is no longer about picking the lesser of two evils. I couldn't live with myself if I voted for Hillary or Trump. All I'm going to say is everyone please do you research on all the candidates and please vote for a person you believe in.
Hillary wants to get elected president to protect herself from prosecution!
Hillary is NOT for women or minorities! The Clintons are the most despicable human beings, leaving a trail of blood and dead bodies from Arkansas to Washington!
5000 dislikes. I guess it's only rape when a conservative does it.
The Clintons are career criminals and their crimes must be dealt with before too long!
Hillary supports rapists. I don't.

#FormerCaliforniaDemocratsForTrump
Why don't any cops interview her, it's a crime, nobody cares, I guess.
Anybody else hate the mainstream media after watching this?
Shame on the rapist
The new leaks show that Hilary defended a man that she knew raped a 12yo girl. Hilary has the audacity to laugh about getting him off easy, about destroying evidence that convicted him. She's a scum bag, a mental midget, the worst of her kind.
Please trump supporters, remember a fundamental rule about America, INNOCENT UNTIL PROVEN GUILTY. The tape proves that Donald Trump has said horrible and despicable things about women. This story is a claim. Give me evidence if you believe otherwise. Also, why do Trump supporters believe that Hillary should go to prison? Dazzle me.
Why isn't this on T.V? Damn this is heartbreaking.
EVERYONE SHARE THIS VIDEO!
I guess you morons  forgot that George  Bush  single handle bankrupt our country  you dumb fucks, when Clinton was in office  our economy  flourish .  but bush was the biggest piece of shit out of all the president's period .
he should stuck  a bat to your vagina and ripped  it open you fucking white trash  piece of shit.
hahaha  you  dumb  fat pig, you deserve  it. lol hahaha
if ppl thinks this is real and you my friend  are moron
If this was something trump had done the liberal media would be all over this. The obnoxiously loud minority remains silent though.
Ah yes, Brietbart.  The shining paragon of unbiased "journalism". Always good to read the comments here for a laugh.
Oh good, the court of public opinion has decided that another person is guilty based on what they saw on tv with absolutely no evidence. Trump supporters are absolute scum. You're the most illiterate, innumerate, ignorant retards that have ever existed. Also, let's add hypocritical to that assessment, since several women have recently accused donald trump of raping/sexually assaulting them, but when THEY say it it's "just bullshit from the left", but this couldn't POSSIBLY be bullshit from the right, huh you fucking children?
Another chapter in the "Willie's willie" story.
There was an ad for Viagra before this video, like it was perfectly designed for Bill Clinton.
Anti-Trump conservatives and independents... Question: Are you wanting me to vote for a laughing, gloating, rape-victim-blaming, rape defender with a rapist husband that took over two dozen flights on the "Lolita Express" with the "Pedophile Billionare" who is accused of having underage sex slaves on his private island? Rather than sexist Donald Trump? Seriously?

All these years Hillary has defended him, but only for political and monetary gain:
Come on Bill, put your d**k up! You cant f**k her here!! 
From the book Inside the White House, by Ronald Kessler, p.243  #Hillary to Gov. Clinton when she spots him talking with an attractive female.

Wheres the miserable c**k sucker! 
- From the book The Truth About #Hillary: What She Knew, When She Knew It, and How Far Shell Go to Become President, by Edward Klein, p. 15 - Hillary shouting at a Secret Service officer.

Stay Classy... nevermind.
At least there are some outlets that give these poor ladies a voice so they can be heard. I don't know how any women could vote for Hillary. The Clinton scandals go way back over 40 years. Even when she was a lawyer she defended a child rapist. This is nothing new. The rapist actually got away with raping a 12 year old. If Hillary was any kind of human being she would have never represented a rapist. Especially if she champions women's rights. She is a horrible excuse of a human being.
Well I'm definitely not voting for BILL Clinton!
I'm not sure if this is Fake or not?
I'm not a Hillary supporter but just hearing this stuff, it's just odd why he would do such a thing but can someone atleast give me a link to a video about it happening, because it's just mind blowing to know why he would do that type of stuff.
unicorn
Juanita says she's afraid especially as Hillary becomes president what??? Is bill gonna go rape crazy once Hillary is president? Can anyone make sense of this?
heartbreaking.  and Whoopi goldburg attacked them recently on the view...that is despicable. 
Hillary knew!! champion of women...smdh
Great Just Fricken Great
We have a CRIMINAL who is married to a R*** and We Have a fricken spoiled millionaire who doesn't know what he is talking about 

Just great people....great. :(
She was into it and liked it. She is just made he didn't leave his wife for her.
I had a business contact about 20 years ago during Bill Clinton's presidency that worked for the Clintons during Bill's "Snow King" cocaine running days in Arkansas - once a few people close to the Clintons showed up dead, my business contact bowed out of the Clinton machine and moved to another state with their spouse - they were both scared to death of the Clintons at that time, and were simply having a one to one private conversation in a conference room with me with no one else involved (no reason to lie) - they spent a good 20 minutes unloading because the things they knew and saw bothered them so much - ever since that day that I heard it all from the horse's mouth, I've dreaded Hillary Clinton rising to power - folks, this woman is evil, and runs on a platform of pure evil - the leopard hasn't changed her spots. And Donald Trump was very astute the other night - she indeed has much hatred in her heart.
I hate Clinton and trump. I don't believe this girl though.
Bill Clinton is disgusting he needs to be hunted down by force and strung up. They deserve everything they get.
Poor thing, this breaks my heart.  She has tried for decades to get her story out.  Just terrible. She deserves closure. He bit her mouth so hard she had to tend to the painful mouth wound for days and days. It's just awful she has to relive this in her efforts to get someone to care. And to think that Joy Behar of The View calls this sexual violence victim "a tramp".
It's hilarious. I visit various news websites and every other article is about how Trump is stupid and how Hillary is amazing.

But when we get videos like this it's no where to be found. I didn't even know this existed until I typed in "Bill Clinton rape". If this was reversed, the mainstream media would be making a massive deal over this video, but sadly, it's against their precious Hillary. So no one will bother.
Everyone needs to see this freaking video!!!!! I fell so sorry for this woman!!! Bill and Hillary are absolute trash
as much as I distrust HRC, I also distrust this woman. In a sworn affidavit on Dec 23, 1998, Juanita Broaddrick denied an "unsubstantiated, hearsay claim" made by the Paula Jones' legal team that Bill Clinton had invited her (as Jane Doe #5) to a hotel room and forced her to have sex. She's not consistent. Trump should bring out more policy issues if he want to win, HRC is really weak on that ground.
Ooook.... not my proudest boner.
So Trump jokes about a lady in a locker room like all guys do, meanwhile all the rhetoric idiots are voting for a true rapist who actually carries out these degrading acts not once but many times.
Thank you Breitbart
My question is why then did she recant her testimony and denied everything?
See the rape supporting Hillary voting filth down vote this. However, see twice as many Trump supporting voters, up vote this :)
Surprised The Clinton Criminal Foundation hasn't taken this video down yet.
#boycott #cnn
Why the hell is Hillary even running? She's so hungry for power which is quite disturbing if you ask me.
Poor woman. So sad Bill is a pice of shit.
There is no proof that he did anything!!!!  No proof!!!
She barely decided to speak out about this  or when did this happen
People are so involved in their political views they can't stop to show compassion for a human being. This isn't about you.
Sickening to see some of you instead of facing the truth, resort to baseless denial and deflection.  Wasn't it HiLIARy that said 'All rape victims deserve to be heard and believed?'
5k Hillary supporters denied the truth because apparently, a woman doesn't deserve to be heard if she's been rape if bill Clinton did it
God bless Juanita
I know these women are showing immense bravery but let's not forget Trump's immense bravery considering the trail of dead bodies the Clintons have left in their wake.
"I thought he was gonna bite my lip off." Some Chick, 2016 (let the hate begin)
Trump also has been accused of rape.
Don't be scared....grab her in the p***y....
I find it strangely ironic that I haven't heard a single thing about any of these women until just before Trump loses to Hillary. Even during Bill's Presidency when dealing with the Monica issues, where were all these rape accusations?
Kill all democrats
Bill Clinton was expelled from Oxford as a young man for Rape.  He raped a woman named Eileen Wellstone.  The media knew about this.  They refused to report on it as they refuse to repot on the many abuses, sexual and otherwise of Bill AND Hillary Clinton. Hillary attacks the women Bill abused.  While at the same time, the media cruxifies Trump for vulgar comments.  A cornerstone to HUMAN RIGHTS is the right to a free and FAIR election.  We do not have free and FAIR elections in America.  Not when the media is so one sided.  God, I pray the American people are smart enough to see through their lies and elect the one man who can wave the Republic, Donald Trump.
Right! Please! you took $25,000. Good Lord, help your  FAT ass!!!
Bill is no maore a rapist that Trump is. This woman is a fake.
your days are numbered hill billy.
Bill Clinton is a MONSTER and Hillary is a RAPE ENABLER.
and Hillary wants to put a rapist in charge of the economy. a vote for Clinton is a vote for rape.
These comments are so cringeworthy. It just goes to show how little about Hillary Clinton her supporters even know about her. Please note before you comment, that she isn't "just now coming out with the allegations", they were made decades ago.. And the reason she agreed to be interviewed about it now is because she is terrified of Hillary being in the white house. Is Trump running against Bill? No, but Hillary supported him after the (15/16?) alleged rapes, and assisted him in threatening and silencing victims, which is likely why they remained allegations. Plus, have you never heard about suspicious deaths that occur to those who attempt to betray the Clinton campaigns? I think the count is at about 50, and you can easily find many videos of people who claim to have been threatened by the Clintons, again decades before this election. These interviews are hugely relevant, considering half of Clinton's campaign has been about "bringing up women", and if you actually watched this video, you would notice an ironic tweet of hers mentioning how she supports rape victims. Do your research before you doom yourselves, people!
Clinton can have million of woman volunteer to give they self to him.   we know from Paola Jones, that he politely asked her if she want to suck his dick,  when she said no. he said tanks and she left.  so we know he do not force anybody.  this woman lie, to serve Clinton enemy.   her crying is totally fake
Hillary wants to be president so she can rape women too and get away with it.
ha ha,  you want to tel me that bill Clinton that any woman desire, that was with most beautiful woman,  will go after this ugly women?    ha ha, she afraid he may come again?    she probably fantasize that any man will come to her, but nobody will.   she just disgusting.
FAKE
A
K
E
lmao you damn well know this was the idea of that dumb fuck Hannity and that hideous Breitshart Shrek Steve Bannon to use this bitch as a political hit piece even though she gave a sworn statement he never touched her....except it completely backfired on you lmao bitch cant act worth shit......rot in hell breitbart, and take that cum dumpster Milo with you.
Bill is a monster
Joy Behar and Woopie 'schill' Goldberg today. Absolutely disgusting!
FAKE
Bullshit! TrumpeTurds are butthurted
She's been living a nightmare all her life .. Unable to forget ... I'll pray for you  God bless you hunny
Why wasn't  Bill Clinton  prosecuted  over this . .?
Is Bill Clinton on the ballot? Doe Hilary have a penis or something? Since when do you blame the wife for the husbands infidelity? Sexual assault is a serious crime and all offenders deserve justice. Trump was accused of rape by his own wife and he settled many other sexual harassment lawsuits. These are allegations against Bill and if he did it he should have been arrested. Either way he is not running for president. This argument will not work to win the election, talk about her email scandals that way you have a chance.
I'll believe her over "Honest" Hillary.
Clinton campaign 100% purchased dislikes for this video. No question about it.
Who would say no to Bill? No self respecting woman
She's a lier!!!!!!!!
they both suck. And I'm not a republican
How was he gonna bite her lip off if she doesn't have any lips? 
Oh look 5843 rapist dislikes.People without conchies
One abuse women vocally ? Other physically? How safe will be the women ?
Well, this absolutely seals it, I'm definitely not voting for Bill Clinton!
Omg
Why the fuck are there so many dislikes? 

Are Hilary supporters really this sick in the head
how much did trump pay her
Bill is kinky
Why are we just now hearing about this and not 20 years during Ken Starr's investigation? If this were true then Bill Clinton's presidency would have been over. You know someone in the Trump camp paid these women to tell a story. With all the lies The Donald and his campaign tell daily you can't believe a minute of this. And this is on Breitbart which has their own reputation for lying.
The Oscar goes to...
Trump may say really sexist shit, but at least he doesn't commit atrocities toward women. Actions speak louder than words.
Hilary covers up for husband while blaming the victims. She is not pro-women. She is a hypocrite.
This is sad actually even if either of the candidates win neither WINS. A president should be recognized by every single CITIZEN to be an effective leader but the prejudice of the American people is always getting in the way of better judgement. Kindly put aside your hatred for just one day and imagine yourselves in the shoes of your fellow American who stands for the opposition and think why would he/she vote for him/her. whoever is elected this November give him/her a chance to prove whatever they have claimed they would do. stand together just for once and see how things turn out. Instead of trying to change the candidates who have almost lived their lives to the fullest, TRY AND CHANGE THE HEARTS OF YOUR FELLOW AMERICAN. ONLY THEN YOU HAVE ACTUALLY WON.
I believe her.
Absolutely disgusting that leftists media doesn't give a care about this
duck's news
THIS IS ON THE INTERNET SO I SHOULD BELIEVE IT. I disliked because of the use of the use of emotion to try and convince me of something. Need more than that to determinate about rape.
The Clinton machine is very powerful, they always get what they want,and I'm really tired of them,I don't want to hear anymore ,what they have done. They need to go away and retired,we the people need to stop them for good.
This woman signed a sworn affidavit in 1998 denying these allegations... I find it a little convenient that she's speaking up again now. Also, this is probably why no one else is taking this seriously. I'm not one to defend the Clintons much, but this reeks of BS.
Kinda suspicious how a woman denies being raped for 2 decades.  Also suspicious that same woman was a known adulterer going through multiple husbands accuses someone of sexual advances on her.  Also suspicious that same woman who denied being raped for two decades all of a sudden said she was raped when tabloids & other sources were offering her large sums of money.  Just a suspicious sequence of events.
I'm voting for hillary because someone payed me 5$ too :D
easiest 5$ ever .
I refuse to pass judgement on either her or Bill, but I wonder if any of Trumps alleged rape victims will come forward now.  People  are damning the media for not covering this, but they have been lax on covering Trumps alleged transgressions until the tape came out.
Torture is too good for the Clintons
#JillbeforeHill #JillSteinisMine
the lip bite is weird ,hard to make that up,,unless its true
Many DEMONcrats could care less,    Thats why we must vote TRUMP ! ! !
to vote for Hillary is equal to vote for tpp,open borders,more power to wall street,more unveted muslim in America ready to give that to deal to the new generations,your children will have more terror,lower paying jobs,and will got to pay MORE TAXES.
Dear all Trump Supporters,
There is a case hearing this December accusing Trump of raping a 13 year old girl.  FYI - this is the fourth time a minor has accused him of sexual assault.  If you believe Bill's accusers, then don't be disgusting hypocrites and reject Trump's accusers.

Just remember when you attack Bill(not on ballot), your also supporting an alleged child rapist for president. Congratulations!
Trump! not a perfect man but better than Hillary.  Trump for president.
Eh I don't buy it
I'm surprised YouTube hasn't buried this.
the interviewer is so shit
If only Trump didn't commit rape and laugh about it this would probably..... not matter at all since Bill Clinton isn't running for president.
Hillary payed trolls disliked this video:  https://stream.org/astroturf-outrage-machine-of-paid-trolls-floods-social-media-to-counteract-negative-news-about-hillary-clinton/
I'm sorry I don't believe this woman, this is too convenient a time to bring up such allegations, not pro trump just find this very strange
Trump has turned this election into the Jerry Springer show. What a national disgrace.
The fact that this has so many dislikes is absolutely disgusting. Really shows the hypocrisy of Clinton supporters.
please bill bring trust back to american people. come out and tell us that u didnt rape that woman. as right now i trust  sushi at gas station more than u and your wife.
5,000 people don't care this woman was raped.
Why is Hillary name in the title?  So many women (i was as well) were and are being molested and sexual assaulted by family,  family friends, strangers and co workers. I remember always avoided being around men alone because they always wanted to fondle my private parts.  Why do so many men violate women and girls?  Its a national issue,  that needs to stop.  Most of my females friend  were also molested or sexually assaulted.  Trump is one of these sexual Predators. It's the Most horrible and scary feeling ever being sexually assaulted.  Most women hide the pain because of the shame and powerless feeling you have.
that why iam boycotting and not going 2 vote this year between a turd sandwich or a douchebag
he is a monster
So... Why is this coming out now?
So it's Hillary's Fault that Bill raped this Lady gotcha breitbart, so its melania's fault that trump is a sexist, megalomaniac. But its evil when Bill who is not Hillary had affairs. By the way Breitbart is part of this Media you all hate.
"I'mall kiss you Scarlett, no Rhett, nooo you you big hunk of man!"....this whole presidential campaign in the states is turning into a fly infested, steaming shit pile by the day, and its getting worse....
"BELIEVE THE VICTIMS!!!1!"
- neo-feminists, SJWs, liberals
"DON'T BELIEVE RAPE VICTIMS who make clintons look bad "
- neo-feminists, SJWs, liberals
Wonder how much they paid her to make that rape allegation.
nobody rape u fucking dirty bitch have some respect for urself
Trump brutally raped a 13 year old girl because he's rich and thinks he can do that. And he's diffenatlyy the one running for president not bill. what are yall trump supporters guna say about that when is time for him to go to court,  are yall going to feel sorry for the victim like yall do this lady, or are yall going to be to face and believe her but not trumps victim.
wow
I did some research and every thing seems like she's telling the truth EXCEPT details of her story keeps changing. That's fishy to me, but she could just be old and forgetting it.
Why didn't they come forward sooner? How much is he paying them? I think this is all the actions of a desperate man and desperate campaign.
Bill Clinton raped my boipucci please vote for Trump!
Why do I feel like the interviewer is getting pleasure out of her story?!
thats horrible
Amazing!!!  I had no idea that happened.  Bill Clinton is a criminal.
well, I hope y'all know that Donald Trump has a recent lawsuit against him in New York. For Raping a 13 year old and hitting her and threatening to kill her family  if she said something and forcing her to perform oral sex, Katy Johnson. and a friend of Donald called Jeffrey also did the same with multiple under age girls. Jeffrey which donald consider a good fun friend for many years is a registered sex offender
She's lying. See through all this BS. Jeez!
I don't see how anybody can vote for Hillary. Screw the Clintons.
I hope those who downvoted this did it because they were upset watching her describe being raped over and over again.
These comments are hilarious. There is no proof that he raped this woman. I guess innocent until proven guilty is out the window when it supports your narrative.
It's funny how when it comes to politics, both sides seem to do a complete shift in their social ideologies. Normally, the liberals and SJWs would be believing the rape victim and claiming any deniers are rape apologists. But now it's about the evidence and "innocent until proven guilty." The reverse applies to Republicans and anti-SJWs in this case. Hmmm.
Fake bitch is fake lmao
That Shows that the Clintons are the real bitches! And Trump hes just Talking about a women that he Wanted To fuck, i dont know a man Who  dont say that To a Friend! In the beginning i hated him badly! But now i changed my mind and, if im living in the us i would vote for him! I live in Germany !
fake
Bill Clinton is the Bill Cosby of politics.
It was everything she imagined
She loved it
She wanted it
The scariest part about this is how easily it is to tell it's not fake... this isn't just an act.
Can someone explain why it's okay for Bill Clinton to do this someone?
"Paid for by trump campaign" lololol
Democrats for Trump 2016, i will not vote for a candidate controlling the media
This stuff is bs, like come on!!!!
He must have been innocent to pass a lie detector test.
So there are two choices. Either the wife of a rapist and a woman that will expose all of them secrets or a millionaire that thinks all the world is his and that mexicans and immigrants are killers and rapists... thank god i live in Europe
Anne Coulter says (THIS is FUN) bouncing that little boney arse.  She was turned on. Bill Maher says it,s not fun. It is, she says.  She meant it.  Her Book, Books!  And a seemingly endless supply of idiots. A gold mine of morons.   Republicans at my job never cared about peace & prosperity. They found it boring.
all I really  need to know.. who is running for president Hillary Clinton or Bill Clinton?   what he did have nothing to do with her...
MSM is afraid to show this, it's not in the script!
Pick slide mountain document.
Is this one of the women attacking Bill Cosby?  All that biting. Isn't she confusing Clinton with MARV ALPERT?  Which way does his hammer hang?   ORIN HATCH wants to know.
Because it might of been Michael Jackson!
They say" Michael's thang  hangs to the left.  That's what I heard!  On the TV!
I do not like Hillary Clinton and do not support her, BUT COME ON MAN! This seems staged Big Time. First she thought he was going to bite off her lip, and then break her clavicle!
I was just saying to myself while watching the video that somehow they would claim Hillary knew or something to demonize Hillary! Then long and behold, she starts talking about how Hillary knew!
Only 120lbs? We KNOW that's not big Bills type...
Lmfao you try to use this against Hillary? It makes no sense because this is directed to Bill! This is one of Trumps propaganda! Wake up people! With Trump we will destroy eachother! You will give leadership to a actor? Or to someone who has been in the business for a longe time? The answer is very clear
I wanna see how much money she has in her bank account.
HILLARY FOR PRISON 2016!
Not one tear came out of this bitches eyes I don't completely buy this story. Bill Clinton is a piece of grab-asstic shit but I think the truth is in the middle.
too bad the bitch is lying
Yeah its been over FOURTY YEARS. Why are you talking about this now??? This is sickening. And this woman is bigger then him, shes afraid of WHAT??? She is a Trump Troll. She should be locked up for this. If she had been raped by him, she had so much time to press charges but she didnt. Shes trying to sway the election!!!
Je pense que Bill Clinton a des femmes plus belles qui s intressent  lui, sans avoir besoin des les violer
Petition for Obama to stay president for the rest of his life
Her tears are fake. You can never see tear drops in any of her interviews.
Hillary has called blacks super predators and said they should be made to heel.  Hillary for president 2016!  Need I say anymore?
I feel sorry for America
Hopefully Bill will rape the daughters of Trump when Hillary is elected.  Hillary for president 2016!!!
Bill's victims were just asking for be raped for being the skanks they are!  Put Bill back in the white House!  Hillary for president 2016!
Wow shocking! o_O
I believe this lady. I hope she get help for this trauma
At this point, I don't give a fuck who wins. #kanye2020
Who could ever guess how much this exercise in ARCHEOLOGY is costing? Of the 4 women, the above lady could spend her quota on a much-needed chin-tuck.
Stop listening to brietbart and do actual research for yourself.  She said the claims were unfounded in 1998.  Why is she saying they are true now?  Money.  http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-srv/politics/special/clinton/stories/affidavit122398.htm
The CLINTON'S reign of EVIL continues, but President *TRUMP* is going to hold them ACCOUNTABLE, thank God.************TRUMP*2016!!!************ God*Bless Juanita Broaddrick for having the courage to come forward and to move forward from such a HORRIFIC thing that happened to her from WICKED LOWLIFE BANE BILLY and HITLARY CLINTON.
HILLARY for PRISON 2016 and on and on and...
Type 'Clinton Rape' into google and then try other browsers such as bing. GOOGLE IS WORKING WITH THE CLINTONS.
Where are all the feminists now? Where are all the people who  .  defended the women accusing Bill Cosby of rape? This is the definition of the regressive left. Hypocrites.
Hello everyone... This is Blue Circus Radio... 

We are going to explode this video all over the Internet. The media will have no choice but to release this. 

Copy & Publish this video on your channels. Spread the word. Harass CNN. 
We are going to take America back!
The people who disliked this video are evil. How dare you. Shame on you!!!!!
"oh he raped me! no wait, i lied and ill swear it on oath! no wait, he raped me again!" lmao fuck off fattie
this makes me think that Frank and Claire Underwood from House of Cards are based off of Bill and Hillary Clinton
CROCODILE TEARS
R
O
C
O
D
I
L
E
T
E
A
R
S
Trump could be a racist pig but Hillary is pure evil. the Clintons are soulless cold blooded mud
And the part where you were screaming for help? Tell us about that
WE NEED A PETITION TO GET THIS ON CNN, ABC, AND HUGE LIBERAL NEWS NETWORKS
WE NEED A PETITION TO GET THIS ON CNN, ABC, AND HUGE LIBERAL NEWS NETWORKS
Crocodiletears but yetshe sobered up just long enough to cash that $2,500 Breitbart check she got. LOL! Bye Felicia!!!!!!!! Buh-Bye!!!!!!
I'm a woman Democrat but I'm not letting a rapist into the White House. I'm voting Trump.
theres no way u can fake the emotions shes showin. poor woman
Put Hilary and Bill in jail.
Unconsciously, she might have been planing to eventually have sex with him; otherwise why did she invite him into her room in the first place? This is a classic primal instinctive behavior by women for mating without knowing it themselves.
I used to like Bill Clinton, I'm very Surprised to find out what a piece of shit he is. Hillary has No morals either. I hope she doesn't win.
bill raped me It was 1998 I was 1 day old and he fucked me
she should of talk about it a long time ago so people would know
Here's a video of what Donald Trump was accused of. Only difference is it's Bill Clinton.watch?v=1loRkVW0fys
Amazing how many people are frequently becoming the marionettes of others
Look, when you have just one woman claiming that she was raped by Bill, 'its possible that she may be lying, although I don't think so. However when 30 women come forward claiming the same thing happened to them, and by the same Bill Clinton and giving all the sordid details along with times and places where Bill was also, then you can bet your bottom dollar that they are all telling the truth, because 30 women didn't just get it into their heads to make up a false story that they were raped! that can't happen, and its totally improbable that such a vast number were all lying, Bill Clinton is a rapist for sure!
You don't know what Hillary Clinton meant as you stated. This was a terrible experience for you with her husband. However,he isn't running for president she is. Neither Trump or Bill Clinton seem to be able to control their sex drives. Why help Trump out? He is running and she is running. Lets don't loose our prospective here. So sincerely sorry for the emotional scares you say Bill Clinton left on you. I am also embarrassed forboth wives and their children.
bill clintons a fuck
Those people who dismiss Hillary Clinton and favour Trump have 
unfortunately understood that Trump is actually not the better choice. 
Please calm down for a moment and inform yourself about narcisstic 
personal disorder. I have experienced what a narcist can do in a 
relatively small family environment. I am horrified what such a person 
can do to an entire country. You all are just vicarious agents of a  man
 who is just as self centred as someone could possibly be.
It's sad how everyone thinks all these women are just coming out now when all of them came out a long time ago but nooo CNN and all the crab media won't show that part of the clintons
Weird how all this comes out only when Trump is shown to be ab abuser, where the fuck was this before?!? Why didn't Trump show his kindhearted helpful nature before he was proven to be a sexual deviant and abuser? This is sick and fucked up, how someone w the power of Trump didn't help this poor woman before when he could have but didn't until HE was shown to be a disgusting pervert but waited till after shows how sick of a fuck he actually is.
Hillary says all rape victims must be listened to, but when it's against her campaign and her rapist husband, "oh it must be fake! She's acting!"
so this random man approaches her and tells her the topic in the car all the way from the airport was about you, and how the fuck did he know who this lady was, theres so many people at these fundraisers but miraculously he just fuckin knew and went to warn her out of nowhere, dont buy this bs.
Bill Clinton is a piece of shit! and his lying bitch wife Hillary is too.
yup, she is lying
probably a portion of this might be true...but the timing is coincidental?...how could a victim of sexual assault defend and condone the words/actions of a presidential candidate who displays the abhorent behavior she has just spent a few croccidile tears over.  I truly wonder of there is monetary benifit here for her timely appearance before the 2nd presidential debate?
Are people stupid or something? How do they believe in this?
A shocking list of all the Clinton sex crime victims over the years:
http://www.thepoliticalinsider.com/every-clinton-sex-assault-victim/
What a pile of shit, rapist, bill Clinton is.
Has she taken a lie detector test? That's the first thing I would do to show I was telling the truth. And if Ken Starr couldn't show Clinton did this it does make one wonder.
I believe her...And she is still terrified of the Clinton's.
"These allegations are untrue and I had hoped that they would no longer haunt me or cause further disruption to my family."

Juanita Broaddrick
Jan. 2, 1998, affidavit

Which is it, Juanita? Did you lie then or are you lying now? Either you're lying to the American public or you lied in a sworn affidavit. Y'no... the exact same thing that Bill did that ended in his impeachment. Either way, you're a liar.
The media participated in the cover up. Its no wonder where all the way back in the room near the exit of the debate, when they figured out she was there!
Fuck Trump !!
She's lying her teeth out...they never convicted Mr Bill Clinton for that false accusation.... no evidence whatsoe.
Thank you Juanita. You're in all our thoughts and prayers. MAGA.
Please, we cant even keep a man who raped a woman behind a dumpster in jail.
theres a special place in hell for the Clintons.
I'm a Democrat, as liberal as they come.  I cannot in good conscience vote for Donald Trump.  But I do very much believe you, Ms. Broaddrick.  Your harrowing experience is obviously still quite painful to you, as it would be to anyone who has been violated, then continuously re-violated by victim shaming/blaming.  I feel very stuck now b/c I cannot in good conscience vote for HRC either.  I don't know what I'll do in this election, b/c it's clear to me that Donald Trump doesn't have the temperament to be President, but I just wanted to say, I believe you (& Paula Jones & other of Clinton's victims) & THANK YOU FOR SPEAKING UP.  I pray for your healing, & for all victims of sexual assault.
Yeah let's call a man who has only been accused of rape a rapist. Let's just circumvent the judicial process and just start calling a man who has never been convicted of rape a rapist. Let's just through murder on there to. I'm not saying it didn't happen but please can we be just a bit more skeptical are things like evidence not important to anyone.
What did she think it was going to be? Did she think they would flirt and kiss or what was her expectations? I don't get how she would say"I didn't expect it to be that way"... Honestly that's so confusing
I'm not on either side of the party but there is something fishy when you got sexually assault in 1978 and you comes out right now... c'mon now...
Where is this woman when Bill Clinton going for president on 1993 and his second term 1997. Only Trump campaign can pull this kind of thing zzz
If this really happened I'm sorry for my mean comments... but...
If this a scenario or a script that Trump campaign made up.. Kudos for them!
Don't be surprised if she shows up on the next season of Orange is the new black :)
Any of you Clinton supporters still doubting a word this woman is saying? This woman is still clearly traumatized over the incident to this day. They don't come more credible than Juanita Broaddrick. Bill raped her physically and Hillary did it psychologically. And there are scores of other women the Clintons victimized and left by the wayside in their pursuit for power. In college, Bill was thrown out of Oxford for raping a woman, but a State Department contact wiped the entire matter clean because Bill was actually working for the CIA at the time monitoring anti Vietnam war protests in England. 
For people wondering why we are hearing about this now, it's because the media has been absolutely complicit in covering up for the Clintons for decades. Andrea Mitchell interviewed Broaddrick back in the 90's and the minute Broaddrick started talking about the rape and the viciousness of the assault, they stopped filming and said, "We're not going to go there." Worse yet, after Mitchell completed the half-assed interview, NBC kept the film in the can for several months and didn't air the interview on television until AFTER Clinton was elected.
share everywhere guys please
This old hag needs to sit down. Please
poor woman she is still afraid
Looks real to me.
LAWSUIT that Trump raped an underage girl.   The plaintiff alleges that when she was 13 years old, Donald Trump tied her to a bed "then proceeded to forcibly rape" her. 

She says she was lured to the parties, held by billionaire-paedophile Jeffrey Epstein - who is also a defendant in the case - "by promises of money and a modeling career".  http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/donald-trump-rape-accusation-underage-girl-claim-what-happened-sexual-assault-allegation-a7354111.html
Hillary approve this message! No right for woman just me Hillary!
She was 35 and she did not went to the Police
Weird???
How is Hillary a monster her husbands actions don't reflect her in any way. yeah her husband has done so bad things but she had no control over it.
United states presidential race is so fucked up. Just can't belive what I saw.
why would anyone try to rape her? id fuck a pillow over her anyday of the week.
This woman has true courage; she is a hero!
get that man a working microphone and button that damn chest up, shits gross.
She's not the only Clinton victim.
Still voting for Hillary. For obvious reasons that shouldn't need to be explained
How much did Donald Trump pay her to say this?
they should show a picture of her at 35yrs old because she's looking pretty untouchable. even for Clinton
Liberals are rapists!
Watching all the drama from Canada. CNN is so bias as f*k !!! 
99% Canadians think Hillary is so manipulative. She was Queen of "Victim shaming" in 90s with media by her side. Now its a different set of rules for Trump. What a bunch of hypocrites.
poor woman...:(
Wouldn't we all grab her pussy and rape her just Trump did to his second wife Ivana?
Who the f**k downvotes rape victim videos? I thought you lefties believe rape victims should be believed?
lol I'm not attacking her but I have use my own head. When Bill Clinton supposed rape you did she call 9-1-1 go to the hospital for rap kit which was around. Here my biggest concern Bill Clinton was president two term now Hillary Clinton is running why are you sit with Donald trump who call you all the types on terrible name? Most rape victims want be no never there attacker . they try forget and live their life and not steadily try to be reminded am right or wrong ?
Make America Great Again.
For all those who think this is acted: about you go get sexually assaulted then recalled years later.
Blackbart News......scraping the bottom of the Alt  Right barrel  once again.  Can't you at least TRY to be original in your vile discourse?  Dip-shits.
Look at the dislikes. Oh, so when John Oliver goes on like a cuck about "muh sexism", you guys cheer and agree, but when one of your own do it, "Oh it's bullshit". Dislike. Fuck outta here.
"During the 1992 Presidential campaign there were unfounded rumors and stories circulated that Mr. Clinton had made unwelcome sexual advances toward me in the late seventies," she said. "Newspaper and tabloid reporters hounded me and my family, seeking corroboration of these tales. I repeatedly denied the allegations and requested that my family's privacy be respected. These allegations are untrue and I had hoped that they would no longer haunt me, or cause further disruption to my family."

She's being paid by Trump and his cronies. Despicable.
She admitted that she was not raped by him on a signed affidavit. Do your research.
Lies
This kkkracker is a bad actress.  Who would fuck this white fat whale---oh yes a republikkkan kkk member
Lord love her heart. May her wounds be healed!
Who would ever try to fuck that dumb ugly bitch? If Clinton was going to rape someone, it wouldn't be her. 
I was also raped by Bill Clinton too. I cry every night
It's Breibart, what do you expect
Emotional manipulation literally by media Trump has under his pocket. But, she's "crying" so the lack of evidence of her rape must be ignored. This is low. Even for Trump and his team.
Trump is there saviour but he called them fat, ugly and loser and said that Bill was a victim in interviews but now when he need a diversion from his video these woman are the victims. Trump is the biggest hypocrite. Trump right now is going through his own rape case and have settled out of court for another case but he is the savior. A rapist his self sad.
This is what happens when you don't have a dad to kick your ass around when you need it; you become a piece of chit like Bill Clinton.
Ok people, I am a liberal and I believe this woman. As for Hillary she is still better than Trump any day, and if these women think that Trump really cares about their situation then they have a sad day ahead of them. Trump is using them for publicity, just like how he made his campaign manager a woman so that people would stop saying he doesn't respect women. Back in 1999 Trump agreed with Bill Clinton and even insulted these women. Hillary on the other hand had to deal with learning about how her husband who she loves, cheated on her several times and raped women. Most of you don't know what that's like so don't judge Hillary on her actions. No, I am not saying that everything Hillary says is right but people make mistakes and she truly cares for women and their rights, being a woman who has gone through something similar. Also it's funny when all these conservatives bash us when they never cared about rape victims before.
Total shill, paid off by the likes of Trump, I assume. New evidence is emerging that suggests Trump to be the real rapist. Don't believe everything you see on the computer, kids.
Glad to see that Hillary and her husband should both be in jail
I feel terrible for this woman. All politics aside, you can clearly see that she is shaken up by the horrific sexual assault she endured. I wish her well and I hope no one ever has to undergo the gruesome violation she's gone through.
Holy cow. I never thought the Repukelicans could find a crappier liar than Trump. Guess I was mistaken.
lol trump is running a better campaign against Bill than he is against Hillary
The Liberal sexcapades continue. This is getting very old!
People saying they aren't gonna vote for Hilary for covering this up, that's fine but don't also vote for trump because he raped a thirteen year old girl and tried to pay it off.
Anyone who's studied human psychology can tell you she's lying in this video. Notice how she movies her eyes to the right when she is telling her story? That's a sign that she is making it up. Usually when people are recalling details, they look up to their left and when people are using the creative side of their brains, they look up to their right. Also look where the first tear came out of her eye. When the first tear comes out of a person's left eye, it shows legit sorrow while if the first tear comes from the right side, it's usually a tear of joy.
Poor woman :( I genuinely feel heart ache for her
Please share this video. We can't afford another corrupt and evil Clinton in the White House. If you love this country DO NOT VOTE FOR HER. Trump may not be the best candidate and he may have said very stupid and inappropriate things, but it's nothing compared to what the Clintons have done. Vote for Trump and save America.
Is there a None of the above?
I think it's funny how the media won't stop shoving the Trump tape down our throats. But they never talk about what the Clintons have DONE to women.
F the elite!!! The clintons belong in jail!!!
Bill Clinton raped me as well.
That's fucked I can't believe this is, I'm no expert on lies or truth but this seems too real. I feel like you can't make this stuff up.
It is time people see how evil Bill and Hillary are!
i will say no to  hillary and no to trump.. both of them are not good
Hillary and Bill are a couple of MONSTERS! Anyone who votes for her is void of any kind of decency or self respect. Pathetic.........
Wtf
People can lie.
You studied them...where on a bathroom wall?  There is so much evidence showing Bill Clinton is a raping, murderous asshole that nobody but a liberal would ever vote for him.  I am very good friends with a former Governor Clinton aide who now lives in TN.  He was threatened many times by Hilary Clinton to keep his mouth shut because Clinton would leave parties with women other than his wife.  You can't make this shit up.
hilary also let another rapist get away with rape when she was a lawyer because she's disgusting
I smell the pungent, foul smell of a decaying, decrepit campaign and 
festering political bullshit.  They spend roughly half the video in 
their attempt to discredit Hillary when they should be discussing Bill.

Where were these claims months ago?  Why are they only being propelled to national prominence mere weeks before an election?  Why would Hillary be responsible for what Bill may have done in the first place?

Guilt by association is a desperate move.
I wonder why this isn't bigger news?
bill clinton isint running for president, you guys will tie anything to these candidates  to bring them down, America is so disgusting
Trump has exploited these women for his own cause. As a victim of rape, shame on Trump for pretending to care when he didn't show the same remorse to the women he allegedly harrassed.
America will be completely destroyed if Hillary and Bill Clinton get into the white house?
Hold on just because a women accuse someone of raping her means that it actually happened I'm not a trump/clinton supporter I'm just stating facts I consider it bullshit,they're a lot of people in this world that want so much attention but yet you guys don't seem to recognize it but for sure this country is a disappointment.
people are getting butt hurt by what trump said. 95% of men think of that shit. "trump said mean things" shut the hell up. liberals don't have a logical comeback for anything.
She changed her statement twice. Had her friends testify on behalf. When investigated it was found stories didn't coincide, also, Bill commuted sentence of individual that murdered their father. Which gave them reason to lie.
I hate the clintons but I hate trump
The Clinton's have poisoned the American polity. Hanging is too good for them.
this bitch should be shot onsite. false rape is the worst. #deplorable
This poor woman has had to live with this and will continue to live with this for the rest of her life. She will NEVER have justice. The Clinton's are master manipulators and twist everything to their advantage.  People, Hillary isn't going to do anything for us, except let possible terrorists in the county, another recession, unemployment, more illegals to support. The list goes on and on...When are people going to open their eyes and ears and listen to what's going on? Trump may not be the best choice for us, but at least he won't screw us. He's been telling it like it is from the very beginning. He does not sugar coat. It is what it is. Yes, Trump does use salty language and does not talk like a politician, but he's telling us the truth about the Clinton's. He's spending is own money to save us from a Hillary administration. He's the only outsider with the balls and the money to try to save this country from total destruction. If you guys vote for Hillary thinking you're getting a good deal, think again. She will do absolutely nothing for you. She hasn't done anything fro the past 30 years. What makes you think she'll do anything now? All of her so-called successes have all been failures. So, people you really need to think hard about putting her in the oval office. We will all get a raw deal with Hillary. Think I'm kidding? Just wait and see, but then it will all be too late. If you're satisfied with the way this country is headed, if you're satisfied with possibly having ISIS as your neighbor, if you're satisfied with your health care, if you're satisfied with working harder and getting nowhere, if you're satisfied with paying more taxes, if you're satisfied with getting screwed, then you know who to vote for. If you really want a change for the better, then you know who to vote for. Just don't complain when you start feeling the sandpaper, or even worse...the barb wire.
she was paid
fake obviously
:(
Surprised to even see this trending.
5,400 liberal feminists disliked this video of truth.
Fuck the clintons
yes trump has rape allegations and he has not paid some taxes and has gone bankrupt too
Everybody please google: Clinton bodycount
Anyone can make this shit up
I wonder why they don't show this on CNN.
And you want me to vote for this horrible person for president? HRC needs to be stopped, stopped dead in her disgusting immoral actions!
Is there proof of this?
Wake up voters! Can't you fathom what the Clintons are about. You can't be that cretinous. Their arrogance allows them to lie, abuse power, which they will if elected, and to impose vile acts on anyone they deem a threat. A vote for the venal Hillary is not a vote for The People, for a better life, for equality, justice for all humanity and our perishing planet. A vote for Hillary is a vote for endless wars with nary a chance for peace.
Nobody touched that wrinkled fat warthog. She must mean that other Bill with the pill.
That is horrifying. Bill Clinton needs to get rapped in prison everyday by Big Daddy. What a fucking monster. And he did this to children and other people. And Hillary supported this dick and stood by him and kept the victims quite. 
Trump for president not Hitlery and the Clixons.
What a bunch of BS this was. Dudes mic wasn't even working, and who is this old lady coming out of nowhere 40 years later trying to get rich quick smmfh... The RePubic hair's are digging deep on this one lmao
You know mental people have this issue with famous people.
Lying piece of shit
Yep. They are both psychopaths... pure and simple.
Bill clinton is not running for president but it is bad what he did
she can still feel Bill in her
You people are trash. You are seriously taking sides when both Trump and the Clintons are terrible. Truly disgusting.
When did that happen?
Who is this lady?
Liar
Judge determined she's a liar. Who would want to rape that nasty ugly woman? Even Trump called her a loser and ugly in 1998
he came at her like a bitch... trump would say.
Lol trump paid some good money
Powerful clip... especially the end. Yet sane people support Hiliary? Hiliary uses people to her desired blasphemous end, and nothing more. She is cold as liquid nitrogen.
When you can't win on issues this is what happens lol
Didn't Trump call this woman unattractive in 1998 and she still supports him? Astonishing.
I cant imagine living this whole life...how did they end up in a bedroom/
actually she and others tryed this 20 years ago , they investigated it and she admitted to lying about it...that was  before  bill clinton ran for president...    the republicans were looking into this to use as fuel against bill clinton but dropped it because everything was fake....    now trump is trying to use it in a bad way again weeks before election, when it was already false.  this is also why the republican party is running away from trump now.....
A president that says stupid shit [Trump] or a president that does stupid shit [Clinton]

Choice is yours

If you don't want to vote/dgaf, then vote 3rd party! The goal isn't to win this time around, it's to get at least 15% to recieve federal funding. So we won't have to choose between two evils in the future.
Fuck the clintons they need to be stopped
Bill only had this to say when he saw her in the audience: http://www.thedailysheeple.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/10/billclintonface2.jpg
For the trump supporters:
Did u know that TRUMP Really Did Rape a woman!!!!!
Lol lol we all know that Bill was a horny fuck. Good President, but a horny fuck. I doubt that this was a rape as much as it was just an overly physical sexual advance on a co-worker. Probably in the Same vein of smacking a co-worker ass. Anyways, all irrelevant, he's not running for president.
Im so sorry that he did that to you
Bill Clinton a rapist... give me a break!!!!
I think this is bull.
There has not been a worst man if you can call him that, as Bill clinton. as president. we will ellect Trump. not this man's wife
Where's the proof at whore?
Don't blame Hillary blame bill
Why does this come out now this is fucked up but why does it come out now this is some what bullshit and possibly real
weird how she come out with this when hillary is running for president.
Both Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton are supposed to be in jail for their felonies.
Why is this coming out now???
But Bill Clinton never actually raped anyone I'm confused
Why did Hillary Clinton rape this woman? so sad!.
"All women who are victims of rape and sexual abuse deserve to be heard."

------------Hillary Clinton (except for my husband's victims)
Remember, tapes are more credible sources than a random person trying to persuade the public, thye have to go thorugh lie detector before being proven sourceful or credible
Okay, why can't the interviewer pause, or not use such bold terms that cause mental trauma all over again. He seems like he's ready to just charge on through the interview. Obviously not good with sensitive topics.
Lies lies lies
Wow that what they say about a person who is to good to be true and very secretive.!!  That is Clinton... hope Trump win and cut that taxes down... A lot of people's in USA struggle due high taxes..!!
rofl people getting grabbed by the pussy for agreeing to this fake acting paid to talk crap.... #TRUMPYPLEASEPAYMETOTALK! 1 million dollar you rich con fuck.
he went through an impeachment trial!!! trump needs to be kicked out!!
wtf I'm not even voting for this gay ass corny shit this straight ass acting shit everyone is this comment session believe this lol I'm dead its just white vs Mexican and black so stfu damn byeee lmao
I could fap to this
she's not credible whatsoever.  lied repeatedly, even under oath. also, was married and having an affair with a married man at the time.
Lmao worst acting job ever. It's like watching a shitty soap. Eat shit Breitbart.
poor woman only at 35 and was raped , Clinton is a monster not voting for her
It's frightening if Trump becomes president HE COMMITTED SEXUAL ASSAULT, not HILLARY. Both bill and Trump are disgusting
what they both did was wrong
Talk about crocodile tears! This woman is full of it
I promise to never vote for Bill Clinton
americans should look into this video and see hillary clinton's moral values.
this is pure BS
America you have two other candidates!! FFS SAVE YOURSELVES
For one prove that shes acting. And secondly, being a leftist, isn't it a common belief to always believe a women when she says she's been raped. Her emotions are just as genuine as any other victims I've ever seen, and it's pathetically ironic and hypocritical for a lot of these Clinton supporters to be saying the things they are.
evillllll  clintonssssss
Lol all these sheep people saying "we dont see this on the news"  "ive never seen this"  "no one talks about this"  lile yea no shit the liberal media controls all that wtf you think i bet if you actually spend 5 min of your time you could find even worse stuff on the Clintons they're evil people hillary is 100000x worst than trump will ever be
Why doesn't no one vote for anyone?
Great. I actually have no one to vote for now. If I vote for Hillary I'm voting for her rapist husband. If I vote for trump I'm voting for a dumbass who knows nothing about the gov. Isn't this just splendid :)
Lmfao the things released to make the other lose. Desperate and stupid as hell. And reading through these comments and seeing people get brainwashed 
all those women are as good as dead if Killary gets in.
murica fock yeah! 
land of the muthafucka free.
hell yeah!
How does Hillary defend this douche 
Any women that is rape as this woman claims; call the police and file a criminal report, so I don't believe this woman.
Just to let everyone know there was no case for this. There wasn't actual evidence for this at all. This is the classic accusing rape for attention and money. This happens so many times, there was no evidence Bill raped anyone.
This is so heartbreaking. These poor women.
yall should watch Clinton cash. And Clinton body count. these ppl are very evil. I used to be a very big fan of the Clinton until God open my eyes. sick ppl smh
America has no good leaders
Wait so why didn't she say something when Bill was running? Or even after the incident?! It's unlike they would shoot her. This is a counter for the videos against Trump (videos that were strategically released at the start of early voting to greatest impact him). Why have we allowed our elections turn into a soap opera reality show? Because as contradicting as those two things should be, it's somehow our reality.
Leftists wasted no time jumping on board with the Mattress girl hoax, or the Duke Lacrosse rape case, but when someone accuses a democrat of being a rapist all of a sudden they are hyper-skeptical.

They are deranged.
As horrible as the story is and maybe some truth to it. This woman is obviously faking it and it s 90 percent acting now.
Can we say above the Law
Bull
hell naw lol
Them crocodile tears tho
Because of this video, I will never vote for Bill Clinton again!
I'm sorry, what does this have to do with the character of Hilary Clinton?
and........1:35 that's what Donny's paying for great performance
Joy Behar of the view just called Juanita a Tramp!
Bad acting.
Truly, Ms. Broaddrick is a strong woman to talk about what happened to her. All these years later, it's clear she's still deeply devastated by the horrific rape she endured. I don't think I would have the same courage she has.
Cry wolf, must be true. Not saying rape victims are all liars but I refuse to blindly follow an unsupported narrative without a shred of evidence.
I don't see why dumbass trump supporters are bashing Hillary when she did nothing
The 5,300+ people who disliked this video support rape and sexual assault. Further proof that Hillary and Bill don't give a shit about women or anyone, they only care about themselves.
i can see why bill rape this woman, with that fucking ugly face no one would ever believe it.
Answer me this, just because someone says they are going to build a wall, doesn't mean they're racist! I mean, I could say that. would you tell me I'm racist!? It's probably a wise thing to do, with all the illegal immigration, drug cartel, and such.
this is horrific. Hillary is has no soul
So Hillary is a War Criminal And Bill a Rapist what a couple..smh
Attention seeking whore. I don't believe any of this. Her acting is terrible. Good thing I can see through bullshit.
Will she put her husband to the jail? If not, then she is could not be worse
damn white women turn ugly as fuck when they get old
Doubt he sleep with this ugly bitch
She NEVER weighed 120. It's been sooooo long. Come on. Get a shrink.
Very convenient that this was just made
Lmao liberals be like "we always need to believe the woman when she says she's raped" and now they're like "I don't believe her"
Someone who accuses women or the wife of a rapist. America is fucked
Is this real or fake?
How much did Trump pay for this?
This shit is old news
Are you hearing this Anderson Cooper? Are you hearing this Megyn Kelly?
None of the stations have covered this nor will they.   Everyone's against Trump which is why he has my vote.
i believe he did bite her top lip off, hell she dont got no lip now
the bitch said bite my lip off
BS
Omfg I wish Bernie was an option.
voting for hillary now she is loyal af
I wonder how much Trump paid her? I don't believe her!!!!!
The younger generation doesn't remember the victims of Hillary and Bill (almost 30 of them) dating back from 1969 that he raped, bit through their bottom lips (a dominance tactic he used on several), all the sexual harassment charges, him whipping out his genitals and lewdly telling women what to do with them .. it was one TV .. it was proven .. yet Hillary called these women TRASH BIMBOS LIARS she made a "war room" in the White House funded by tax payer $$ to demean these women, made fun of one because there wasn't anything on her "resume" even threatened them and their families, paid one $850,000 (equivalent of over $3 million today) to just shut up (Paula Jones)... liberals support her still ..
please find the women Trump has raped.. This women is full of crap and paid very well by Trump.. The women Trump raped said the same thing..
It's just locker room behavior, get over it.
this was long ago. she has aged. she was 35 at the time.. should we belive this
I FEEL HORRIBLE FOR THIS LADY AND ALL THE OTHER LADIES THAT BILL CLINTON FORCED HIMSELF ON. I KNOW THE CLINTON"S HAVE BEEN CORRUPT FROM THEIR EARLY DAY'S TO THE PRESENT, AND TO THINK THIS COUPLE MIGHT ONCE AGAIN OCCUPY THE WHITE HOUSE REALLY SCARES THE HELL OUT OF ME!
why is thsi only coming out now. why did she not broad cast this  when he was president.
guys... we are certainly fucked.. this election is gonna fuck america up either ways lol HERE I COME CANADA
Heartbreaking
Lol and Trump isn't respectful to women
i feel so sorry for this woman
This lady is fake n phony from afar
Bill actually slept with this wow!!
because the media is for Clinton haven't yall figured that out yet
Bill did it twice in 25 min, Wow who your daddy !
Tf, who would want to rape her??
Well, America is officially fucked
I did not... Have sexual relations... With that women
Watch this shit be fake
fake.... its photoshoped
Do you remember the time when Trump called your people "It's truly an unattractive cast of characters--Linda Tripp, Lucianne Goldberg--I mean, this woman--I watch her on television, just vomiting. She is so bad. The whole group-Paula Jones, Lewinsky--It's just a really unattractive group" and called you "ugly" in an interview? You say you were assaulted,and now you support another man who assaults other women by saying "grab'em by the pussy"? That's just such a rational, reasonable decision.
BULL SHIT
that evil bitch Hillary has her own motives for being president..if Donald Trump actually broke the same laws her and her husband did he would be Locked away..why is no one talking about this more?  WTF is going on in this country where are the 30,000 deleted emails?  WTF and u stupid bastards care about Donald Trump speaking FACTS bout problems..illegals and terrorists are America's biggest problem or they could be..he doesn't hate Mexicans and he doesn't hate Muslim's he's trying to make sure everyone in this country is accountable and we know who is coming in and out so there aren't problems.. people twist words and follow these stupid internet trends but join the side of Hillary even after all her and her horrible family has done.. this hoe is power hungry someone hiding 30,000 emails should have the audacity to take themselves out the race..u people are idiots and in my opinion theyre both pieces of shit..trumps am asshole who doesn't care to sugar coat anything which I kind of respect and Hillary is a lying evil power hungry bitch I'm surprised this woman who came forth isn't dead today this family is disgusting and have no respect for us or themselves but oh lets all forget facts and hate Donald because he isn't politically correct..guess what I'd rather an unpolitically correct douche who says what's on his mind than a sneaky power hungry cunt that's most my opinion all u sheep are being lied to and u just can't see haha Fuck em both trump got all the money in the world Idk why he wants to be president Hillary and bet family just wants power it's disgusting and no one sees it
Thank you for your story Juanita, hang in there doll.
so we have a woman whose married to rapist running for president, and a man who grabs women's pussy without consent against her? y'all fucked up. y'all could have voted uncle bernie or something who doesnt have connections to shit like this?
Fuck Off M8
Dumb voters had to pick Trump and Hillary. Couldn't pick anyone better? That actually cares about our rights? I wanted Bernie to get the nominee not because he is TRYING to give free stuff but because he actually fought for the people for over 30 years.
Well yeah, but didn't proof recently come out in that tape from 2005 that trump also did sexual thing to multiple women, including him "grabbing then by the p*ssy
Good Acting smh look at all this Trump scums here lol The clintons are trash but Trump is beyond low of gold trash and all of you are just dirt.
To anyone acting like this is untrue because it is from Breitbart, just because stories are ignored by mainstream media but only found on a few alternative sites, maybe question why the mainstream media isn't covering it then fact check rather than dismiss it immediately and not fact check at all.
Poor woman, dirty Clinton fucks please god don't let them back in the White house
Both Clintons are corrupt, we can have any of them anywhere NEAR this country.
Okay now let's talk about Hillary's running mate Melania Trump
I wonder if Hillary has ever been victim of bill's violent rape? Or even Chelsea, molested by him as a child? I watched her during the debate in total disgust. The way Hillary, Bill and Chelsea can maintain composer, when there is fact and evidence of these horrible crimes, shows how deeply corrupt they are. All three of them.
we are talking about hilarys husband raping someone yet trump repeatedly raped a 13 year girl
This was 25 years ago and people are like why is this now coming up she must of been paid. But don't question why the trump recording is coming up :/
so this comes out right after the video of trump talking about women......interesting 
How fucking dumb can americans be to put themselves in a situation in which they have to choose between Hillary and Trump???
Trump defended Roger Ailes, so why can't she defend her husband??
You are all retarded. This is propaganda. If he raped ANYONE he wouldve been convicted a long time ago. 
MORONS ALL OF YOU READ A BOOK
Try hard liar
I'm undecided right now, and I will remain undecided. I wouldn't vote for Hillary after what her husband did, even if it was only alleged. She den defended him. But i don't want to vote for trump either. He's never had experience in political office, and politifact has proven 53% of his statements to be false, so I cant trust him.
The media is the power. Shit.
She is lying.  Trump paid her to do this.  Go back and look at what she said under oath.  I feel sad for anyone who believes this.
How horrible I'm voting for Jill stein now.
real question here is how much did Donald Trump pay her?
I literally cried, i cries as a grown man to this, its sick, these fucking liberals, THESE MOTHER FUCKIN LIBERALS NEED TO BE PUT TO THE DEATH SENTENCE! Fuckers
I watched this video yesterday. I watched her 1999 interview in which she first disclosed this allegation. She also gave an interview many years ago with Sean Hannity in which she stated that Mrs. Clinton threatened her. Her story has NEVER changed. It is heresy, but I am convinced Ms. Broaddrick is telling the truth.
The people who are putting down thumbs are ridiculous, this man is sick! SICK! he is after boys now.
"This has been a paid advertisement by...?"
Those 5 thousand plus negative likes and comments must be trollers, CIA dark cabalists satanists and pure ignorants sheeople lamers of IIluminati scumbags and of course PURE TRAITORS to the TRUTH
doesn't add up in so many ways.
Poor Lady I just wanna give her a big hug :(
who to vote for now ? a racist pussy grabber or the lying wife of a pussy snatcher  I think I'll just become the next Christopher Columbus and kick everyone out a build a huge wall 
If this is true Bill Clinton needs to admit this and do what he can to lessen the blow on this woman's life. He needs to pay her money help her family and anything he can to make up what he's done to her. However, there is no proof that Hillary knew that her husband raped her. It looks more like she thought the woman was having an affair. I hate the fact that this woman uses this story to affect Hillary's run and not to attack Bill Clinton. She says she's afraid of Hillary becoming president but why the hell would hillary go after her now? This incident happened in the 70s! She didn't even come forward about this until the late 90s.
F the Clinton's!    How the hell are they even remotely in the public eye?
both Trump and Hillary are evil. repent and seek the Lord Jesus today. you are not promised anything more.
HildaBeast=Evil
Globalist Must Be Stopped...Folks
Please Any Good Hearted Democratic Souls Out There...She Is Not The One You Should Back!!!
Both Sides Are Crooked! 
Please read up !
"Creature From Jekyll Island". ;-)))

This Is All Bread & Circuses!
Look What They Are Really Doing!!
Bullshit.
OLD SKANK, I'll bet she's sucking on Trumps little pecker for money.
How is hillary such a feminist if she blames the women her husband raped? and not only that, but when she was a lawyer she defended a rapist, got him off on a technicality, and was recorded laughing at the little 12yr old girl that got raped. She is a disgusting woman. She can try to pull up as much dirt on trump as she likes but it will never be as horrific and illegal as the things she has done. It blows my mind that anybody can stand by her.
Someone in Trumps campaign paid these women to have a interview with trump 
http://www.vox.com/policy-and-politics/2016/10/10/13227052/trump-roger-stone-paid-kathy-shelton-debate
Bill Clinton was Acquitted on all charges in the 90s. This interview is complete Bullshit
i feel so bad for this woman, neither hillary or trump deserve to be president. they both defend rape and they're both just assholes. but it doesnt matter anyways because we have no say in anything. we think we do but we dont lol the electoral college is very much a thing. democracy my ass
Fun fact. Trump has been accused of sexual assault 20 different times!

http://fortune.com/2016/10/09/president-debate-trump-sexual-harassment/
vieja mentirosa falsa...
Hillary Clinton is The Godfather
I've seen porn with better acting
get # HillarySupportsRape in twitter, this can not be unheard.
I've got to say, Trump is really stepping up his campaign against Bill Clinton.  Someone should mention that he's running against someone else though.
I feel sorry that no one would listen to her before the elections. But now she's gonna be praised/scrutinized because political reasons.
Why wasn't she this emotional when she saw Bill Clinton seating at the presidential debate?
Why hasn't this Ever come to media before ? why not last election? why now..Oh because she was paid $$$$ for this interview
I hate America
Can I just point out the fact that trump also has been accused of rape and that the gall of him to doing this while having those allegations is astonishing.
Post this video everywhere, because the media wants to pretend this doesn't exist.
I am a liberal and i fucking love how nearly all Liberals immediately don't believe a rape victim the SECOND it suits there narrative.

LIBERALS AGAINST CLINTONS
What an actor i wonder how much money Donald paid this women to have his back after putting them down earlier in life he said they were ugly & had backed up Clinton at that time this is all an act those that have Christ can see the the Truth Clearly what a Hypocrite!
if Bill's wife gets in the White House imagine how many more women will be assaulted by him and Hillary
don't bother voting people, it's all a mirage designed to make you feel important. This country was bought and sold a long time ago
poor woman oh my god
Why didn't she tell anyone until the elections
Bs
gee what a convenient time to come forward with all this grief....political bullshit
fucking hillary
U.S. media is part of Washington establishment and special interests, that decided to get Hilary elected so they can be favored by her. U.S. media do not report anything about wrongdoings committed by Bill and Hilary including Clinton Foundation, illegal email server and many others. American people are not informed of the truth by the U.S. media. Japanese media has integrity and report the truth without fear, so the Japanese people know almost everything regarding what is going on in the U.S. President Obama is also supported by Washington establishment so U.S. media do not report Iran deal in which he decided to pay US$150 billion dollars to Iran, the worst enemy of the U.S. Trump is the only person in the world who bravely tells what wrong going on with the current administration.
I disbelieve her ! Trumps money helps bring out the strangest people.
Savage
But why did she invited him to her room?
I thought Hillary Clinton was running for president
I believe Trump and he said she's an unattractive lying loser before.
Hillary would have been more respectable if she had divorced Bill, despite the scandal it would have caused.
Rape is worse than murder. Hilary's attack on the victims is just as bad.
why is Paula Dean complaining about a sexual encounter? Butter up
This bitch looks ancient I can't imagine her ever looking beautiful..
fak trump he doing this to defeat hillary he does not care about raped women he only cares about trump and bill Clinton is not running ok then let's talk about womanizing look at trump did he say something about women too ? a duh stupid idiots
Stanford student Brock Turner only got 6 months in jail 7 probation for rape. guess what Pres. Bill going to get, probably next to nothing.
bill likes him some ugly fat chicks!
not saying it's fake, but a bit wierd considering how this is coming out now Right before the election. Right?
Well then
So many lies from the repugnant Republican party.
Boll shit!
you sound like a disturbed individual.
Its funny how liberals are always going on about "Don't blame the victim." When all these liberal cucks in the comments are all the sudden saying that these women, who have been saying this for years now, are paid actors.
it gets me pissed off every rape victim wait so many years to put these assholes in prison why why you guys are the victims we have laws that will put those pigs in jail why wait so many years so that can happen
Jill for president
Vote for trump and he will end things like this
The comments prove that people are making conclusions based on what happened in the last 48 hours and don't care to go back to the cases when these women were interviewed and gave testimony. Morons.
Bill Cosby rapes, gets sentenced to jail. Bill Clinton rapes, becomes president
you are one f**** stupid b** next time you get f**** rape don't wait years when you're f**** old that kind of s*** you say right away so I can feel bad for you yyyy yyyy why you didn't say nothing why now
Jesus I was gonna vote for Hillary but after watching this hell no I'm not even voting for Trump either they're both incapable of being president
Too bad he isn't the one on the ballot. Yes this is bad, but Hillary defended Bill because he is her husband. The other nominee is someone who actually has done stuff like this, but you bigots can't open your eyes.
But Trump appears to be the sexist rapist
But she was ugly af ._.
Nasty election this is
Donald Trump raped a 13 year old girl! Don't believe me, google it.
4 thousand people grab women by the pussy
At 35 Juanita was cheating on her husband Gary Hickey with David Broaddrick. So while she was sowing her wild outs carrying on infidelities like her hero Trump was in the 90s was she still sobbing over her allege abuse by Bill as fooled around with David Broaddrick.
I thought this was real, but it's fake. Anyone who thinks this is real read this: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2016/10/10/juanita-broaddricks-other-debate-night-claim-could-be-trouble-for-breitbart-news/
This ad has been paid for by the Trump foundation.
Did it feel good ? -Ricegum
Despite this, sadly, the dumb folks will still blame trump
hillary is a terrible person that should be in prison and then hell
Any rape or abuse to women is horrible it's uncalled for, but when this has been out for so long, Y again at this time it comes out aside the threats? Why.
This is awful!
My dad is voting for Clinton, I'm voting Trump.
this bitch has been changing her story since she was 12.
Why make this poor woman suffer all over again for some stupid election. This is seriously disturbing.
psst I raped her to then I grabbed her by the pussy
I can't support Hilary now this is so sad...
Okay pro Clinton, anti rape Feminists, who're you going to yell at now? Clinton, or Juanita? Come on, tell us please. Is Hillary to blame for trying to silence a rape victim? Or is Juanita just making the whole thing up?
lol how much did trump pay her why did she berly came out all this stupid trump supporters belive this dumb cunt..
Why years later come out? Now... Bill Clinton did something?? Smh....
You won't see this in the mainstream media. Poor woman. Very strong of her to talk about this.
Why and how did Americans choose Hilary and Trump both of them are horrible?!
Cmon Billy cudda done better than this fat fatty. She's so phony lmao
TRUMPS RAPES AND BELITTLES WOMEN TOO RETARDS!
Its too bad she didnt go to the police, she could have prevented so many other rapes, or so it would seem. In 1997 she filed an affidavit claiming in the Paula Jones case that she had never even had a unwanted sexual advance from Clinton, but then in 1999, she claimed she had been raped. I wonder if she just forgot, or why he story had changed so dramatically in two years. I totally believe her, I just dont know which one of her claims to believe. She either perjured herself or is a liar. She probably forgot, being she was just 35 years old, a child, at the time of her alleged rape. I wonder why she would commit perjury though for her rapist. Probably still afraid Bill would show up one night to do it again. It seems very plausible. In a pigs ass.
We cannot let Bill Clinton back in the White House. He'll just go at it, again.
Trump 2016!!
give bill and hillary the honeymoon cell
so fucking dramatic girl get your life!
Lol these are the same women that Donald Trump called disgusting pigs (or something to that effect) defending the Clintons as someone mentioned below, now they are in his corner... Questionable integrity there on their behalf.  I'm sure the media would have been happy to hear their stories, but to put this in his family box at the debate (and for them to accept after he personally demeaned them and defended  Bill (I'll give them the benefit of the doubt that all of them weren't aware of this) is DEPLORABLE.  The good news if he loses: he can go back to sexually assaulting women without all the media attention.  Grab em by the pussy Donald, Melania said It's OK.... If he would release his current employees from contracts keeping them quite I'm sure we'd hear some real horror stories.  Is Bill Clinton perfect, no, but he's not running for president, Hillary is.  Is she perfect, no, but has she admitted openly to molesting people against their will? Last time I checked no, and I'm sure Donald would be retweeting it at 3 AM if he could find anything close.
who would want to rape that ???? ughh disgusting piece of shit
For people saying,"how are you voting for the clintons?!" . I honestly prefer Hillary than trump just bc TRUMP is an idiot. Hillary ain't perfect at all and if she really bullied those women than like wtf that's horrible! But that was a long time ago! Same for trump he did a lot of mistakes years ago that are being brought up! But I'm judging them by their campaigns now not their past bc people change! From what I've seen trump hasn't learned anything and regret anything bc he keeps on doing the mistakes from the past!
It's all too easy for a woman to screw up some tears and swear she was raped when sensationalism and money are involved.  The pathetic thing is, those of us who have been through it for real can spot a poser a mile away.  I'm with the reporter on this.  I  don't buy her "cock and Bill" story.  It's dodgy at best.  If she wants to know what it's really like, she needs to talk to some real victims.  Clinton is many things, and no politician is "clean", but I don't think she's done anything other that regret sex  she got into long after the fact.  Regret is not the same mechanism as revenge.
Her story is too full of the small memorable details that no one could just make up to be fake.
Political corruption is out of control.
I've been watch YouTube for 10 years. Seen hundreds of YouTubers get on camera and fake cry about things. No one even bats an eye with them, no one questions it. Now I'm reading here that lots of you think THIS is fake. Give me a fucking break. 

Look, it might be a performance - but you lot sure as fuck don't really think that. You're just standing up for your candidate because you're all tribalists. Say what you will about Republicans, at least a good chunk of them refuse to support Trump.
Ms. Broaddrick explained that she was previously afraid to come out and tell the truth due to the Clinton's threats.  Now that she is finding the courage to tell her story, people have the audacity to be critical of her, to question her, to ridicule her, to thumb her down in this video?  We need a culture in which it is safe for women to come out about these issues. Ms. Broaddrick is one woman in a long list of Clinton's rape victims, and if you think Hillary didn't know about her husband's actions, your ignorance is not excusable.  

Unfortunately we are in the strangest election.  We have the choice between a serial braggart, self-aggrandizing peacock and a professional liar who flip-flops on issues depending on voter sentiment, dishonest, email-deleting, the only first lady to ever be subpoenaed, the only first lady to aid in trashing the white house on her way out (i mean immature crap like gluing the keys on all the keyboards), let's not forget white water, travel gate, and insider trading.

So for those who thumb this down, for those who won't vote for Trump because he is not presidential, how can you find solace with Hillary.  I would rather go with the guy that the political machine has fought so hard to sabotage, rather than the one who has gotten special treatment the whole way through.  But then, I want the system to change, not more of the same.
who cares #hillaryalltheway
AND THE OSCAR GOES TO........
She's a fukn liar
10/09/2016 - #Trump debated 3 people tonight. All stacked against him and he clearly gave a voice to the rape victims who were present in the audience tonight.
These women were silenced and threatened for over 30 plus years by Hillary Clinton. Not anymore.
When did the Democrat or Republican party ever speak for these women? NEVER!!!!!!!
Trump did this on his own. NO FEAR. Americans 1st.
Who's running for president again? Can someone answered me
I wonder how much she paid for her acting classes cause they ripped her off
how much did breitshart pay you to lie on camera? did they pay you in money or whole chickens?
I'm not saying I don't believe her, but it is possible that she is Lying
how is she crying but no tears
Is this Paula Dean?
Every voter who says Trump hates women needs to see this. Sure he said some lewd things, but she quieted rape victims for the sake of her husbands reputation. What's really worse?
According to a 1997 sexual harassment lawsuit, Donald Trump REALLY did grab a woman by the pussy.
how many dildos did trump give to her to make this interview?
STUDEN LOAN DEBT MODERN SLAVERY
I call bullshit.
This is bullshit she could be lying.
Fuck Trump 2016
Wow...
lmao lying sack of shit
it should not be much of a headline compared to what trump said about what he did. this is about what bill did not what hillary did to those women
You know what... Im done with this election, whatever happens happens. Bill Clinton accused of rape and Trump accused of rape. Ill be watching for the comedy in the debates. But other than that good luck America.
fake paid bitch by Trump
she was probably paid...
I bet trump hired this Bitch
Hilary is the greatest feminist
I hope people do realize how fake this is and how this source is just crazy people
Oh great. More of this bullshit.
So does disliking this mean you support a rapist?
clinton is a true scum bag. Predator---others would be in prison for life.
gonna be funny watching the cockroaches scramble in trump gets in...
I Love that the comments are enabled all of clintons scum campaign ads don't have comments or likes on
I don't know but I am feeling this sooooooo Fake
Everybody needs to see this fucking video. Fuck the mainstream media, fuck the liberal agenda. Trump all day baby
I'm literally crying, bless her soul.
I want to give this poor woman a giant ass hug after all she's been through. Nobody deserves to be raped. I'm a firm believer in "nobody's pure evil," but there's one exception: the Clintons. They're the most crooked, evil-hearted people I know, and to all seeing this: please, vote for Trump. He's not the best person, far from it actually, but he's the best bet we have.
http://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/donald-trump-accused-underage-rape-lawsuit-a7352976.html

Title of the article: "Judge sets date for hearing of lawsuit accusing Donald Trump of underage rape"
if you have people in a country rallying round a rapist and a rape enabler  something is wrong with that country really this is painful to listen to GOD have mercy on America
Fucking democrats
Holy fucking shit!

The JewMedia will tell about it?
So why didn't this come out at any time in the past. There is no reason to release this now unless it's being purposely used to benefit Donald Trump because he is in a shitty situation.

Donald Trump is currently under investigation for rape himself.

Bill Clinton is not running for president.
Hillary be like " This is a lie, go fact check it! this woman is not even alive, never has been" 
Liberals: YEP SHES RIGHT
butthurt liberals don't know what to say lmao
"Every survivor of sexual assault deserves to be heard, believed, and supported."- Hillary Clinton.
Hitlery has been harboring a rapist for decades. The BITCH is cancer to America and people don't want to admit it. So fucking sad.
my clAVICLE
oh my god that poor woman. Hillary isn't worth the air she breathes, she doesn't deserve life. bill Clinton needs his dick chopped off with a dirty knife!!
This is why I hate Clinton all she does is lie and lie u can tell b her speeches
I thought presidents were leaders?
I dont believe a word this women is saying, if it was soooo, true why Bill Clinton is not in jail. She was 35 when this happen, I bet she provoked him just to get laid and now she cries. This women could've buy a whole new life with all the money she got out of Bill, but she likes the pain and now she is coming out because Trump is paying her to talk about it again. Some people like to get abused, others like to be abused, just for the Money.
USA you are living in a Cartoon, in fact you are a living cartoon, I and you have no way of knowing if this is true. Trial by You tube, really, leaders of the free world you are not!
I was skeptical when I clicked on this but this woman is sincere.
This fat bitch was paid to be at the debate. Bullshit at its best! Still afraid? Why go to the debate? Your fat ugly ass was trying to look like a celebrity in the crowd last night. Sure seemed like you had a good time laughing and clapping. where were the tears last night? where was the scared victim last night?
she was a young and naive 35 year old women when she invited bill into her room , just like trump was a young and naive 59 year old man when he made those taped remarks in 2005
Bill is Bill. Hillary is Hillary. She has to stay with him bc voters like a president in stable relationship. When did this woman accuse him?
Jesus Christ what the fuck is Breibart bullshit doing here? Is this white supremacist bullshit popular enough to be on trending, or is YouTube trying too hard to appear 'unbiased'?
Wow so full of shit.
Just fucking sick. And Hilary defends this behavior. Just sick.
dicks out for harambe
I don't know we should support now
She lying
it is very terrible shame
I'm not voting for Bill Clinton...
LOL FAKE AS FUCK
Sanders supporters now supporting Clinton, can I just ask why?! You do know that if Clinton wins, she won't ever let another candidate like Sanders get close to the presidency again, right? Especially in 4 years, if she's president. 

Don't support the rape apologist (Clinton) any longer! Sanders supporters, we as Trump supporters are actually really nice (despite the lying media saying otherwise) and we welcome you with open arms! MAGA.
Who would fuck this ugly shit
#MAGA
18 years... 18 years I've been waiting to vote... and this is what U.S. Gives me....
remember people this is just an accusation, and that doesn't necessarily mean it happened. trump also has been accused of raping his first wife, a coworker, and a 13 year old girl but there is no evidence and accusations of both Clinton and Trump are likely to be politically motivated
Same crap as the bill cosby allegations. Lets wait 40 years until i come out and say i was raped. Great timing as well since hillary is running for president, probably in trumps pocket.
This is possible this is fake..not trying to say shes lying but people these days would do anything to make a candidate look bad
4832 rapists dislike this video.
You don't have any lips for him to bite.  Where is the proof?
we have a rapists wife and a guy who grabs women by the pussy for president only in america
is there even proof that bill raped them? because it seems suspicious that all of these people are coming out to say it during the election
Very brave lady. #NeverHillary 
#NoEvilVotes
Allegations everyone, remember that. There have been the same allegations against Trump. If this is true, it's absolutely sad and sickening. Same with Trump's. Stop trying to call out Hillary, Trump supporters. You're not in the right either.
i thought it was common knowledge that if your name is bill and your last name begins with the letter c,then u were destined to be a rapist. no?
I am amazed at how many people don't really know who the Clintons are. They are career criminals and Bill is a serial rapist. I have been waiting for this for more than 20 years. So sorry this happened to this lady.
Electing Hillary Clinton president would be like granting Satan absolution and giving him the keys to heaven!
How could anyone dislike this?
Did she report this at the time? Cause she sounds like a Trump supporter that just wants him to be President. Victims should speak out but not for some political BS. All she cares about is Hilliary not becoming President not that she was allegedly raped ie not proven so why would CNN or other major News Networks run a story that Bill was never proven guilty in thats slander.
Wonder if there's any proof of this happening. I doubt it, but you never know. If this isn't true she's a disgraceful person who used a fake sexual assault to slander a president.
The clintons are monsters
Bill Clinton = RAPE
Also, little trick for bill, you can "grab'em by the pussy if you're famous"
Bill Clinton is in old man and not in the ballet , He is old retired man. If anything this will make Hillary a very strong woman. and her knowledge and experience is way better than Trump. And I fill bad for this woman ,Why she didn't go to police and charge him with sexual assault, Did she get paidnot to tell....................Why now . We have two choices, man with no experience in job with verybad temper, no respect for women and not showing his tax return, Trump or experienced educated and not telling the true all the time Hillary , We allshould vote for Hillary.
liar hillary wants open borders vote donald j trump dot com
Ugly skank .. Even if she paid someone none WOUld ever touch her with a ten foot pole ..what a lying skank .
So many uneducated people or little kids calling this woman a liar and paid by Trump, because this video is trending. Meanwhile they're to stupid to realize that the video about Trump was only released to distract everyone from the wikileaks release of Hillary's paid speeches, which the media is ignoring. This woman and many others came forward years ago, but were intimidated by Hillary and Bill and ignored by the media. So many idiots can't use facts and critically think, by being to emotional and butt hurt over everything.
No one said Hillary was a saint. She's a crow faced bitch. I still wouldn't vote for trump though.
who would want to rape this ugly cow
Fuck u deplorables!!!
She is so full of shit lol.....awesome tabloid journalism you got going there, breitfart.
PAUL RYAN FOR PRESIDENT!!! HILLARY IS WINNING...
This is Juanita Broaddrick in a sworn affidavit in 1998:

"During the 1992 Presidential campaign there were unfounded rumors and stories circulated that Mr. Clinton had made unwelcome sexual advances toward me in the late seventies. Newspaper and tabloid reporters hounded me and my family, seeking corroboration of these tales. I repeatedly denied the allegations and requested that my familys privacy be respected. These allegations are untrue and I had hoped that they would no longer haunt me, or cause further disruption to my family."

So she either lied under oath, is lying now, or is completely delusional.
bwahahahahaha what a lying twatbucket.
Wow. The Clintons  got some dirt on them. Both candidates are not fit for president
This just in,Juanita Broaddrick, Bill Clinton rape accuser suddenly found dead in her home! Authorities say it looks like suicide. Lol JK probably will happen though
ive been watchinh fox all damn day and no one is saying shit WTF!?
and Hillary Clinton doesn't stand up for her rights because it's her own husband that is a rapist. She isn't for women's rights and wants votes BECAUSE she is a woman. She shuts up women when they don't help her.
Anyone that supports these monsters should be fucking shot. Hillary covered up and enabled her sick husband. You don't have to vote for Trump either but you cant compare this monstrous act to anything Donald has done. Not even close. You vote for the Clintons and you will be struck with viscous karma.
the Clintons are without morols. 
they are power hungry to the piont of being sycophantic. 

it's well known in private that hillary Clintons a lesbian and a aggressive lesbian 
a women who has had many orbortions 
who was told early on 
she stood no chance of ever becoming president if she came out. 
she needed to be married. 
this collusion this deceitful manipulative length a person will go 
to obtain power is by definition evil.
How totally awful! And to think, both Bill and Hillary will not be held accountable in a court of law for this makes we other victims of sexual assault feel assulted all over again as well.
Truth Seeker well yeah but it's called acting. I personally think this has to do with the elections because why is it being brought up again. People are commenting stuff about Hilary, but she isn't Bill Clinton.
Liberal always told us, when a rape victimssay she has been rape we should always believe the victims, but seeing over 4k dislike seem their full of shit in their stance.
Did she tell this to the police?  How much is she getting paid?  Btw, her hands are larger than Trump's hands.
So, it is a choice between the wife of a rapist or a child rapist.  I guess the research suggesting that most politicians are psychopaths must have some substance in it.
Question. Why is Bill Clinton not in jail?
Fucking pile of shit Clinton
Jesus Fucking Christ. Wish people listened to Hitch.
I don't understand how femminazi don't eat bill for his rapes and Hillary for demonizing the victims.

The left wing and its news don't interview Bill's victims.

the liberals will say, Hillary didn't do anything wrong, so the femminazi will side with her.

Liberal mantra: DO AS I SAY NOT AS I DO
Hillary didn't rape her. She should have left him 100% Sometimes I think she scared to leave him.
Slick Willy is a bastard. He's been raping since his college days.
This is BS
It's going to be tough 4 years either way, god bless America
The truth is there is no evidence to show that this happened. I'm not saying this is to get attention, but anyone can say they got raped.
haha  i just love comedy channels   this was hilarious
Hmm why didn't this come up during Bills election, like why now, if it was true it would have came up earlier
Donald Trump and the 4 lying whores completed FAILED
Trump is a pig, but this is way worse
Dear God, how horrible.  This poor woman describes the NATURE of what Bill Clinton did to her -- it's absolutely heartbreaking to see the pain and fear that she still carries... and the fear that she feels for Hillary, based on her own personal experience of her intimidation tactics ---
B-but Trump is a sexist!!!1!!!1
Hillary and trump, the hope for America? I hope not!
sorry, real women who have been raped usually do NOT run to the news, then go on talk shows, then run into the arms of a disgusting abuser of women who wants to screw his daughter, raped his first wife, is best friends with a known registered pedophile, called his daughter a piece of ass and admits to sexual assault as a way of life! This woman just wants attention and $$$$$$$__
Clinton lied about war in Bosnia and HErzegowina and Serbia..he is satanic folower
Clintons suck trump is the Same exact way only difference is he's running for Pres. Not bill
I hope the world can now see the side of the clintons that the mainstream media doesn't want you to. this shows that the clintons are simply bad people. that all these cases of corruption, destroying evidence, rape, money laundering, lying, pay to play, rigged economic policies, convenient wars, etc show that they are bad people that want power for their own gain not to help the country. imagine not just the U.S. under control of someone like this... but also high influence of the United Nations
On November 7th one of the two candidates will get the nuclear codes.
A) YOU HAVE A SWORN AFFIDAVIT SAYING BILL NEVER RAPED YOU, NEVER TOUCHED YOU
B) TRUMP CALLED YOU AND THE OTHER BILL ACCUSERS LIARS BACK IN 98, SAID YOU WERE UGLY AS FUCK TOO

WHY THE CHANGE OF HEART, MISS PIGGY? DID YOU WANT ANOTHER 15 MINUTES BEFORE HEADING BACK TO THE ALL YOU CAN EAT TROUGH?
I really hope Hillary wins!!!
At least he doesn't discriminate.
Whites have been raping one another and African Americans for years this woman comes and holler rape! now if the law can hold Bill Cosby accountable for rape then Bill Clinton should be held accountable for his rape of this woman.  Passed a "Bill" lately?
sorry for her..bill will pay for it someday...
It's these demonized conservatives allowing rape in their political parties and denying facts that God himself has sent down to keep America safe! I ain't voting for Hillary, but you bible morons need to reread and re-realize your discriminatory attitude towards the people of this country!
Guys it's proved fake she went through a lie detector test and she failed she is a liar everyone is so uneducated she's a liar SHE TOOK 10 LIE DECTOR TESTS SHE FAILD EVERY FUCKIN TEST
what I don't understand is why people believe that Hillary murdered government workers to hide the truth about various things going on, but simply intimidated civilians about these sort of things.  Seems to be lots of BS being thrown around.
u can tell she lying lmfaoo why is this coming up during the presidential debate? and not before? lol
Why would anyone rape her people can do so much better just sayin
Is Hillary sadistic and hates women she cannot have? Is she a voyeur and enjoys listening to Bill's subjugation of women?
Lieing biggot slut, she wanted it
Honestly I fucking hate both candidates and what bill Clinton did to her is awful but also trump admitted to trying to sexually harass women but anyway that's my opinion but fuck bill Clinton
Is Bill Clinton running for president?  #grabherpussy
It seems that, for some liberals, rape is rape unless Hillary doesn't become President.
Bill Clinton = Bill Cosby.
So sad that the media won't shine a spotlight on this!!
Claps  AMAZING ACTOR

How original, a girl wearing a blouse and skirt.
The media is corrupt as the Clinton family. Its one empire of corruption.
The is not true at all that dont really. Sound like bill at all she just saying that to make trump to win
wait a sec, why was she in a bedroom with him???
I wonder how much she got paid to appear with Donald Trump in his cheap stunt from last night?  if she had some dignity , she shouldn't have let Donald Trump use her for a cheap political stunt just to defeat his opponent.
"Liberals are so stupid" um. But. Are... You not undermining your own argument.
disliking this video is equivalent of justifying rape
Why is this just now coming out? This story has more holes than the Halloween Costume Charlie Brown wore on tv.  Why would she be at a Clinton fundraiser after he raped her, twice???
Jimmy swaggart pt 2. (Step 1)Give a power guy a piece of ass, (step2), cry about it on tv when the check isn't big enough.
If Hillary becomes president, what's she going to do? Bless her heart, maybe they'll replace her panty hose. She was 35. That's a little old for Bill.
4,684 victim blamers. Go fuck yourself if you hit dislike on this video. Scum.
Dear Hillary Supporters 
You know this happened, it has been proven this has happen, so accept it. Accept that who you're voting for is a corrupt politician, who is married to a rapist.
Could they not afford a microphone for the guy?
So now Donald Trump  who has had multiple affairs and has been married three times  has placed his eggs in the conspiracy basket of rumors about Juanita Broaddrick. The very things she denied when under oath.  - guys a quick Google search shows his lady is lying for a fat paycheck. This is pocket sand from Donald's campaign to distract you from last night's debate.
Bill Clinton may Not be running for President BUT HE IS AN EX PRESIDENT WHO WAS IMPEACHED. Why would we want him as 1st Man? Doesnt seem right at all...its twisted in fact GROTESQUE. One thing about Bill..he may be a sexual deviate but hes not stupid..HE KNOWS HIS SICKNESS HAS AFFECTED HILLARY's ability to become president. Her Judgement of others is very very tainted by her choice to defend him and degrade his victims. Hes very very aware at this moment she actually would have been better off divorcing his ass so she COULD point her finger. How could we vote this woman in when IN DEBATE she states shes for women and children BUT her history has proven she actually contributes to increasing their suffering by trashing them..laughing at them and ALWAYS DEFENDING THEIR PERPETRATORS ( the women bill raped and the 12 yr old girl who was raped proves shes not fit to show love and support to all Americans..she already has people she has placed even lower then deolorables with shitting on all these victims ) I am a victim of rape I know I wouldnt want my president to be the one who defended my rapist. .would you? #TrumpforPOTUS #TrumpPence
SHE HAS DENIED THIS UNDER OATH. This woman always comes out of the wood work like a rat wanting money. Unbelievable.. I don't like Hillary Clinton but this is just absolutely bullshit.
Don't you think trump is paying this women after he gets caught for the video smh
Where's the evidence that all this happened? There isn't any?

Okay, I'll be on my way now.
The Acting is strong in this one
Breitbart, of course, is the pro-Trump conservative news site whose chairman, Steve Bannon, also serves as chief executive of the Trump campaign.
Republican Congress would not include her in impeachment hearings b/c her story had changed completely. wrought with inconsistency.
Yes, this is fucked up
Yes, it is fucked up that Hillary blamed the victims 
Yes, we should never condone this ever
Yes, it's sad
What people don't understand is that we see this same thing in Trump. The same shit has happened
We are voting this election on political views, not on the candidates past 
This video is incredibly awful and I would never wish this on anyone else. Bill is awful, Hillary is awful, Trump is awful, Melania is awful. Its politics.
How much was she paid ??
All the women who buy into shillarys bullshit are just feeding into the lies.  The democrats have made this whole campaign about race and sex  differences. White women will fuck this country by voting for Hillary
Hilary won right ???????????????
Now these women came out of from nowhere and saying these stuff after the Donald Trump video was leaked about sexually comments was made. I wonder how much Donald Trump paid these women to cry front of the camera.
Now these women came out of from nowhere and saying these stuff after the Donald Trump video was leaked about sexually comments was made. I wonder how much Donald Trump paid these women to cry front of the camera.
I love how she telling her rape story some how turns into a politic stand point of the presidential race.... Hillary being president should have nothing to do with this. I'm not saying she's lying. Or if this is true or not. I'm just saying why does the presidential race have to be apart of it?
Trump said rapist things, but the Clintons actually did them. ACTIONS SPEAK LOUDER THAN WORDS.
This is a paid interview. Look the written statement these women made b4. This is completely false!!
This shows that Hillary's "WOMAN CARD" is complete BULLSHIT.  How can women vote for Hillary after seeing this?
Bill AND Hillary Clinton are absolute dogs, this trash certainly does NOT need to be anywhere close to our Whitehouse. Any American person even considering Clinton for POTUS needs to look at this and the many other women that have had their lives ruined because of them BOTH. Beyond that the supreme court, open borders, nafta, national security ........
Voting for hitlery is rape apology.
But but Trump said that gold diggers are easy. It's the same thing right ?

Liberal hypocrite pos's
Come on liberals you still have alot of spamming to do if you want to spam the rape away lol
wow
If this was true, she'd probably be dead. The clintons don't keep enemies around dude.
bill is not running for president. and Trumps cuurent wife was  a playboy model/porn star
I am not A US citizen. but the sad truth is Both Hillary and Trump are not capable enough to Lead the Country. Period.
All these ppl received a lot of moolah from Trump to bad mouth the Clintons. Give me a frigging break. Trump acts a like a 5 year old saying look at Bill Clinton, he said worse things than me! What a childish moron.
How do we know this isnt just a scandal trump is trying to pull off??
i am not defending bill at all but you can't just take this one woman's word for it.
The Clinton administration are a fucken disgrace to this nation.
It broke my heart when she started crying explaining he did it a second time....strong woman for going public with her experience
She has been proven a liar.
During the 1992 Presidential campaign there were unfounded rumors and stories circulated that Mr. Clinton had made unwelcome sexual advances toward me in the late seventies. Newspaper and tabloid reporters hounded me and my family, seeking corroboration of these tales. I repeatedly denied the allegations and requested that my familys privacy be respected. These allegations are untrue and I had hoped that they would no longer haunt me, or cause further disruption to my family. - Juanita Broadderick
I really hope these trauma survivors get the appropriate help and psychological treatment they deserve!
Hi umm completely off topic but if you want to get free money for downloading apps Google  freemyapps for iOS and download it on the Google play store when u go on there put 07ec2497 for the refural code to start off with some points thanks you
What's with all the leftists accusing her of being a liar? I thought you people support the idea that all rape accusers should be believed? I guess that logic is selective.
Just so hard to tell if this is truth or a lie with it coming from Breitbart News.
Oh no, if B or H win I don't even know what this stupid world going to turn into. They  both have pros and cons. Hopefully, we don't end up with someone who just want the title/placement to look good/show off and does nothing.
Because these allegations were rejected because as you can see here she has to stop to try to get her story strait for the alt-right breitbart conspiracy wackos. Lie, and the bigger the lie the better chance it will take is how this garbage organization runs. Nothing like leading her on here and cutting to feed her the lines. You bunch of SCUM
#HillaryForPrison2016
fuck hillary clinton
4k dislikes ? this is why we need to purge this disease from America, Idc if you have to kill them just get rid of the disease
Bill wanted to fuck that ugly chick I don't believe her
Im not much of a news person and Im trying to catch up on this president election and stumbled across this vid, so is there proof or anything? I feel like the only thing Im getting here is this woman's word and not any actual evidence and the rape she claims that happened was years ago so... just because she's seems like the victim here Im not quite buying this whole rape story and that: "I was only 35 at the time..." am I the only one finding this line hilarious? 35 is very much old enough...
Hillary needs to do this with the people who have accused Trump of rape, including his ex wife
Why is everyone ignoring that Ivanka accused her own father of rape under oath???
I can't believe the people of America have come down to electing the candidates we have now. Just sad.
Liberals: "Victims of rape and sexual assault should never be shamed."

Liberals: "She's a liar and and just wants publicity."
who wouldnt want a relationship with a president seriously i bet she was down for it
You realize that this is the desperate flailing of a political campaign desperate to distance itself from a candidate who bragged about getting away with sexual assault. Of course you don't. You have been so brainwashed by Fox News that you only believe what you want to believe. There is no truth in journalism and your being fools. I cannot wait for the election so that the nation prove that it does not tolerate hatred and bigotry and will not elect a tyrant. I hope you enjoy being on the wrong side of history you idiots. History does not look kindly at tyrants and bigots.
ALL CLINTON FANS SHOULD WATCH THIS VIDEO !!!----Can't wait for all you "left wing DEMOCRATS" to comment  on this---like "she made it up" or she just wants $$, or whatever
I have to say.. Bill's flavor in women is.. interesting.
They all suck!
From a completely unbiased political position, this seems fabricated.
I honestly don't care if this is true or not. But why is it that the only thing you guys have against Hillary Clinton is something her HUSBAND did around 10 years ago? Yeah, she defended him. It is her fucking job. I'm not saying Hillary is perfect or even "good" (the emails prove that), but Donald Trump is worse (the ignorant comments, racist posts, unwise choices on what Americas future should be fueled by 100% pure opinions). The only people that are voting for him are the ones with that same disgusting mindset, and unfortunately that's a lot of people.
Either she's speaking the truth or she's the best actress who has ever lived...
the problem with this lady is they are telling this now she got raped what an idiot she didn't tell anyone else before so she can get money
i aint buying it
Before the flame wars start, might as well remember people lie, get over it
Oh and i was unaware bill was running for office again, morons lol
HILLARY 2016
She still supported bills campaign after " the rape "
Both sides are BS Trump and Hillary are not worth being president
this has nothing to do with Hillary
she is crying without tears .
Ya knows whats really interesting? How all these leftist SJW feminists say we have to believe rape no matter what, but the second people like Juanita come clean about a horrific experience like this and it's used to show how Hillary Clinton is not pro-women, people just say she was payed off by Trump. Absolutely disgusting.
that guy does not at all appear to be a real journalist. It's weird to watch this guy interview a victim, distracting how unprofessional he is. that poor lady
so if anyone does psychology in school as has learnt about body language you know she aint telling the complete truth
"All rape victims should be believed"
unless they were raped by Bill Clinton

10/10 liberal logic
Yeah people, keep voting for Clintons cause Trump says 'mean things' in the locker room with his friends...Assholes...
so this is obviously a Trump stunt at this time!  but you cannot blame Hilary for it! in other hand Donald is a sexual assault promoter!
Liberals are the most vile hypocrits one could imagine. I've come down hard on conservatives but liberals are pure evil.
Why speak now? Did Trump pay this lady.
Woman should defend themselves from rapers she should've punched him and left not cry and let it happen. Do you really want a president that brings countries apart not together and that doesn't even respect women btw I'm talking about trump. Hillary rules
Bill Clinton probably raped her in a 1v1 quickscope on MW2 after she was talking mad shit and it's been taken out of context.
This woman alleges she was raped by Bill Clinton back in 1978, that weeks after the alleged rape she was at a fundraiser for Bill Clinton (because this is what victims do - help to raise money for their abusers - right!) where Hillary Clinton allegedly threaten her...The whole problem with this story is that on Dec 23, 1998 she swore in an affidavit during the Paula Jones trial that she "denied Paula Jones legal team's claims that any of the above ever happened"...And now we're to believe this new version???
How can you possibly vote for the Clinton Crime syndicate?  Do a little research...anyone who has ever come out against the Clinton's end up dead.  Murder, rape, corruption, bribery, war mongering, Russian Uranium deals, etc....the Clinton's are one of the most notorious crime families in world history.
Sadly so many people in the comments section just haven't been alive long enough to know what kind of monsters the Clintons are,but I do.
Get this woman an oscar
Reading alot of comments...and I am not with any of them but really? Have we all forgot how many times Trump has been accused and the fact that he just finished up a court date in the last week in New York about the rape of a 13 yr old girl and his next court date will be in December? If the media was sooo liberal why haven't they picked up on that as quick as they have the "grab em by the pussy" video? the lesser of two evils but pick by your own convictions...Also for all those SMART people who can read body language isn't it odd how she is doing all the lying body movements...not saying she is lying just saying it is truly odd...
She is definitely lying..
god I dont even live in the u.s. but i know this vote effects the whole world.. If it was even possible I would have said keep obama in another term to prevent either of these obviously not fit candidates from getting in..face it people. They are both horrible choices and most voters are just trying to choose the lesser of two fucken evils. Both are not fit.
Editor, Author, Political Analyst Bill Still a DC insider has a You Tube channel. He covers the polls, breaks them down by age, education and gender. He claims that the LA Times poll has been the most accurate in past elections, that is the poll he uses. In that poll Trump is winning and has been for a while.  One thing we all need to remember, no poll ever polls the 50% of the population that has not voted recently or people that has never voted. I believe Trump wins in a landslide. If this election was a for gone conclusion, the liberal media would not be all in trying to destroy Trump and totally destroying any shred of credibility they may have had left.
I don't believe her a bit!
"GRAB HER BY THE PUSSY" - TRUMP 2016
how can anybody support the clintons.....?  wtf
Wow, there are people on this page who are so fucking pathetically dumb they would attack this poor woman rather than face the fact that the Clintons are a pair of scumbags. Well you know that makes you just as guilty as them, how does it feel to be a dumb piece of shit with no heart?
STR8 BULLSHYT N STILL FUK TRUMP HE AINT WINNING REGARDLESS...
Come on trump how much you pay her to says that your mad about your pussy scandal
sad for her, but the race is between Hillary and Donald...........
Here you go people post this for the world to see. Hillary actually had the secret service go after these women to shut them up. They not only suffered from the rape but from the hands of that witch Hillary Clinton trying to protect Bill. She is the most horrible person to walk on our soil. Hillary and Bill are a disgrace to this country.
4532 liberals support rape culture
My heart just breaks for this woman... How can any woman defend her husband after hearing this heart wrenching story?!! This woman has never wavered in her story she has never added to or taken away from her story! So I know she is telling the truth!
Paid By Trump
anyone else watching this and thinking about alien abductions ?
Face facts: http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-srv/politics/special/clinton/stories/affidavit122398.htm
I would love 3 minutes alone with Bill Clinton without his secret service protection.
This woman's pain is real.
This woman is either delusional, sociopathic, or a liar. She even DISCREDITED other alleged claims by other women about Bill Clinton while under oath! I'm not going to be fooled by this evil woman or anyone supporting two men who want to turn America into "A Handmaid's Tale"... horrible, shameful liar.
This woman, Juanita, testified under oath in an affidavit from Jan 2. 1998 that these claims are not true and that she was never a state or federal employee at Arkansas. She said that during the 1992 election year, tabloids hounded her and her family about these rumors and she denied them then as well. 

Now she's coming forward and completely flipping the story around, fucking nice. I love how BreitBart is frothing at the mouth to interview her even though it takes a measly 30 seconds in Google to find the sworn statement.
lmao its funny that trump called these bill accusers liars and ugly as fuck back in 98 but now uses them as prop pieces in today's election. the fat slut is milking her 15 minutes.
Why does this come out the day of the debate?
point be told he was never charged with rape and how he acted when he was president has nothing to do with Hilary at all can't fault her for his actions and any women who sleeps with a married man knowing he has a wife deserves whatever is said to her from that mans wife let's be real here we all would feel the same way if it was us in that situation male or female
Ok so we have a 2 of the worst president nominee period.
So Clinton and trump both rape women. Our society is screwed whoever becomes prez. Prepare for the collapse that's all you should do.
God forgive me if I am wrong
Nothing like a good nut...
Hillary is done. How could anybody vote her knowing that Bill would be in the whitehouse with her...Man I thought the Clintons were done with lewinski. How do they keep crawling their way back to the white house
"especially if she becomes President" the moment I knew she was lying for political reasons.
She telling a lie. Notice how she tilts her eyes to the left when she starts talking, and moves her eyes to the right when she finish talking.I am not in to politics but love body language and love to see whether there good liars or not some ones taught her well at covering up lies
any other time woman are just something to "grab by the pussy" and are just objects but now this one is important and shouldnt be treated like an object. Make up your fucking mind trump supporters you either agree and back up trump with his woman objectifying or dont. Btw Bill isnt running Hillary is. This is irrelevant
And here comes the libtards defending a rapist.
The Clintons should not be occupying the White House. Maybe the statute of limitations
has expired for Billy Jeff but both of them should really be in jail for their misdeeds.
Dont support the Clintons, but really?? You Americans really believe anything dont you...
Having a lot of power can take you places.
Don't read the comments, you'll regret it.
Ok so a video claming that she was raped by Bill right after the video with trump....huh. Im not going to say its fake but it is definitely suspicious.
Who is worse: Hillary or Trump?
In no way do I want to diminish her experience (or anyone's), but I would like to add that Trump also has been accused of rape multiple times. Including by a 13 year old girl. Neither one is okay. The only point I'm making is that they are both terrible.
I don't believe this... she has been paid....
I love how usually any Hillary supporter would believe any rape accusation in a heartbeat but since this one could affect their dear cunt queen the just say it's fake hahaha (p.s. I hate Trump too and think both would be shitty presidents)
Lol this is such bullshit. Next time you're gonna lie on cam don't have Hannity write the script you dumb fucking cunt
Why the FUCK doesn't the media pick up on this??  Because the majority of the media is liberal as fuck.
Well think about what if it was your husband or wife and you believed 100 present they didn't do it you would back them up so much so I don't blame Hilary she wanted her husband to be a good person
She must have just heard Trump's conments....
"Trump disrespects women" but nobody talks about clinton and how he raped her
Dang paula dean
Why is Bill Cosby facing legal troubles over his rape accusations but Bill Clinton getting a free pass?
I was raped by Bill Clinton too
Lyer lyer pants on fire... Ohhh wait... she talking about trump grabbing her pussy...
If someone is lying they arent this fluid. Liars arent like this. Liars pause a lot like "I....Did....Not...Have....Sexual....Relations....." you get the point.
Lol, this is such bullshit
Why did this came up again after Bernie is out?!
OMG, People, PLEASE don't vote for the Clintons.   Vote for anyone else but the Clintons.  I am so disgusted watching this.  Anyone else but the Clintons please.  I am a Desert Storm Vet and we need to do what we can to help our kids and our College students and you heard the Clintons say behind closed doors that she can't do anything for them and laughed at Bernie in the process.  Anyone voting for the Clintons should and will be beyond ashamed with themselves for years to come.  Again, stay home or vote for anyone else but the Clintons.  Hillary laughed at a 12 year old rape victim and that is a fact so I don't care what other BS anyone can say about that piece of crap.
another white woman lying
lol youre full of shit you fat fucking slut. nice acting though.
I wonder how much money the Trump campaign paid her to make this bullshit story up. "Bill Clinton is a psycho rapist and he's going to come after me again and kill me! I'm so afraid plz help!" Lol! Her acting is so obvious and over the top that it's laughable. She admitted that it was a lie over 20 years ago and never even went through with the lawsuit against Clinton. Donald is desperate and on the defense trying to deflect hate from himself by reviving all of these dubious debunked tabloid scandals about Bill that have been dead for 20 years.
This is scripted af lmao
Wonder how much she was paid ;)
Who raped this woman? Who's running for President? Retards!!!!!
I was going to vote for Hilary but not after seeing this. I feel Hilary is a hypocrite. Plus her VP acted like a pig during the debate. I'm not pleased with Trump but he's the better choice at this point.
True or not. If2 out of 3 people gave this video a thumbs up, then most people would believe Bill raped this woman. So this video hurts Hillary and helps Trump win the election.
have a read 
http://www.politicususa.com/2016/10/09/sworn-affidavit-juanita-broaddrick-denies-allegations.html
is that Trumps sister?
check mah recent pls
Now you come out? Haha womaaan plz ;D Attention Whore spotted............And again no prove ;D GG trump
For all the Trump supporters:
https://www.scribd.com/doc/316341058/Donald-Trump-Jeffrey-Epstein-Rape-Lawsuit-and-Affidavits.
http://www.rollingstone.com/politics/features/the-violence-of-donald-trump-w444012
wow.
This was totally paid for by trump
So sad to see how many people are actually brain washed, saying she made this up like what the fuck are u kidding me ?
Why tell the story now? 

 she forcing them tears out
Trump train will keep women safe. the cunt will enable the rapist scum of the earth
Bill Clinton and Donald Trump are cut from the same cloth.
if this is really true, then all of you 4,418 dislikers are the devils lap dog, disgusting, deplorable, irredeemable, sons of dirty HIV, HERPES infested cunts and yall should all be thrown in a fucking cage
real talk
we need Obama or Reagan again

I believe her and someone should look into her case for sure but that last part (07:47) seems so incredibly staged and fake omg. It's just odd.
don't call me a homo you chomo
I don't believe this liar for a second. It is just this kind of nonsense that makes people skeptical about genuine cases of rape and sexual assault.
i wish bill Clinton would rape me
who wouldnt wanna rape her
Okay I think victimblaming is horrible so I'm gonna believe that Mr Clinton really raped her. That's awful. But cmon, that last part about how Mrs Clinton knew that her husband raped this woman and tried to intimidate her and told her to keep quiet? That's just complete and utter BS and it seems 100% fake. Oh American media.. spreading hate & lies since ever and you never know what to believe
back then her name was sara and bills name was brett....they went to college together.....
Bill Clinton is not running for president. Hillary is. If you want to play that game, then feature Jill Harth. She has accused trump of raping her. From trumps words, I believe it.
TRUMP IS NO PRINCE BUT CLINTON IS AN EVIL MONSTER!!!
She's bull shit!!!! Fuck trump!
She's a lying old bag of cunts just like ivanka's "claims" that Donald has never explicitly told her what he'd do if he wasn't his daughter lol
I'm am really good at detecting a liar and I gotta say she lied alot and tbh if you don't believe me that's your opinion, but I'm telling you this person just wants Donald Trump to be president
They're still exploiting this poor delusional woman? Her own son made it clear 20 years ago that this story was not true and could not be true, that his mother was not mentally sound. Now they pay her peanuts to relive the trauma of her own false memory. Sad.
Hillary didn't grab her by the pussy or anything...
I believe her
Does any one here - thing that Bill raped her - and Hillare "shut her up?
Look at all the views on this video!  Just goes to show that the Alt Right Trump supporters are the biggest abusers of welfare and government assistance in the country.  Get off your fat asses and get a job and your views about america will change.
Instead of working they'd rather sit in their trailers and hate the world.  
But the funny thing is that Trump will cut the funding for all their handouts and they'll be screwed since they're too fat to fit through the trailer door.
4k dumb motherfuckers that thought "Anti Hillary Dislyk" like what the hell
When you wait a long ass time to tell the press. I don't feel sorry for her. Dumb cunt.
This broke my heart...I feel your pain.
Trump defended Clinton against these women. Now after this video he is suddenly for them. You trump supporters are dumb for falling for this.
If her lip was bitten where are the pictures?
This is he said she said allegation, this would not even stand up in court. Donald Trump can't come up with anything better than to chase after Hillary Clinton's husband 20 years ago. . Donald Trump is pathetic.
FUCK OFF BITCH . WHY NOT DO THIS INTERVIEW BEFORE ? TRUMP WILL GRAB YOU BY THE PUSSY . HAHA SLUT FAT FUCK . GTFO . ALSO CLINTON IS NOT RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT , SO FUCK OFF . AND BILL SHAKED HAND OF IVANKA AFTER DEBATE , HE SHOULD HAVE GRABBED HER BY THE PUSSY . BECAUSE HER DAD SAYS BILL IS A MAN OF ACTION , HE SHOULD HAVE SHOWED IT ON TRUMP'S OWN DAUGHTER . ATLEAST YOU NOT MARRIED BITCH , TRUMP FUCKS MARRIED WOMEN LOL
Those questions are so fucking stupid. I can't say of its fake or not but what I do know is that the bank accounts of both these people looks pretty fresh after this.
How can you morons possibly think this is real???? People are painfully stupid.
Give the chance to others pls.. clintons go home..
Innocent until proven guilty? How incentive are you people voting for Hilary... What's wrong with the country I love.
who would rape that fat cunt?
At least this is trending, maybe young people who have never heard of all the bad things done by the Clinton's will be informed.
Looks like Hillary already won, plenty of wars on the Agenda..
JAIL Trump supporters NOW so they cant hurt people when he looses!
i think its time to move out of America. Are these the best leaders we have?  Trump and Clinton. wtf
I'm pretty sure this has nothing to do with Trump being exposed for his lust of grabbing women in their vaginas
Remember when the word "rape" actually meant something. This is the worst fucking election ever, there are no limits, there are no lines that can't be crossed.
Fat ass hahaha
Sorry I just can't believe this!!! This man was the president of the USA!!! If anything women were throwing themselves at him!!!
When did the election turn into an episode of Dateline?
Bill raped me too
jesus...
CROOKED CLINTONS
Fuck Donald Trump. If you are voting him because of this you're a bitch.
How can bill go from Monica Lewinski to this lolol ewww ... I'm not buying this at all
This should have Spanish subtitles...
Not to be a dick or anything, but it's hard to just believe something like this with out enough evidence. If someone gives me some evidence to back this up I'll believe it.
fucking conspiracy theories I swear. 

I can't believe these low class women are national news.
TRUMP IS ACCUSED OF RAPING A 13 YEAR OLD GIRL AND ITS GOING TO COURT IN DECEMBER. 
the media is waiting till after the debates to drop this info so trump wont have a shot to explain.
IF THIS REALLY HAPPEN THAN WHY DON'T YOU SUE HIM NOW, PEOPLE CAN SUE BILL COSBY AFTER 30yrs CLAIMING that he rape those woman. Why you can't sue him, Because he's the Unite State Of America president.N just like Hillery @mail. to be honest America don't show that their races but deep inside, America is the most races country in the world. They prosecute Bill Cosby because his black he have no power over the government, If YOU CAN'T SUE HIM YOU MUST BY LYING. One thing that I believe, It don't matter who you really are, if you break the laws you break the laws.That's why I don't like this government. Imagine If Hillery  wasn't the first lady or she were to be black or Asian Hispanic or the minority people they would be in jail in 24hrs.That is races, Fuck the American government. I'm Asian proud to be one. The real reason why America vote for Obama just to proof that America government  is not races.Sorry had so much to say PS here a very good Example If you thread to kill someone you go to jail, But if you really kill someone n claim your mental what the fuck is that. Personally i like Donald trump because his honest n straightforward type of guy.
The fakest video i ever seen
How does she know Hillary knew?

What if Bill made up some bull to her that she wanted to believe?
Boooooo Hillary and Bill
liberals are great at mental gymnastics.
Clinton for prison
Trump 2016
From a neutral standpoint, anyone can says that they got raped, so we can't assume that shes telling the truth neither can we assume that she wasn't.
I will believe her when I see proof,you can't just say shit without it
This is not the first time she's coming out about this, to the people who think she's telling this just for political reasons. I mean yeah it very well could be resurfacing for that reason, but this isn't the first time she's talked about it.
My question is do you know what trump actually said in1998 on fox about these so call "victim". First let's talk talk what trump believed and how he felt that it was bill Clinton who was the victim.
Fake
Is it just me who think she is a actor to make Clinton look bad?
hillary..obama..biden think were unredeemable and a basket of deplorables..hmmmm seems like Bill should wear that label! obviously hillary gives him a pass on his deplorable act of injustice by violating a woman as juanita and the counteless others he has violated with his sexorgans.
all accusations and not a shred of evidence, just like their candidate!
Something strange is going on... These women are rallying around Trump who is not a gentleman towards women either. I mean, he has a rape allegation and sexual misconduct... So whats the difference?
So staged..
I don't know why people are throwing all the blame on Hillary, yet it was Bill's problem. She's smart for staying with Bill because she knows she'll keep the "First Lady" tag on her name. Eh, I don't really care anyway, both of these clowns are a joke regardless. Congress has the upper hand.
Clinton's represent the "system", they are representation for  the status quo and TPTB.
Oh shit he bit her lip  so sad
Sad story. Even sadder that Trump is using these women as a last resort to rile up his base. Even sadder still that he's doing all this with zero hope of making it to the white house. Enjoy that destroyed party, Republicans. You had a chance to prevent this.
ITS ALL FINE AND DANDY UNTIL DONALD GRABS YOUR DAUGHTERS PUSSY!
Why didn't she come forward with this during the middle of Obama's presidency. When she had no reason, like the one she claiming new for being deathly afraid? People including myself take "rape" allegations very seriously. It is one of the most disgusting and degrading crimes anyone can commit. With such an emotionally charged subject for myself and countless others coupled with a plea , under oddly controlled "on/off" crying, to please don't vote for Hillary..how can I NOT considered refusing to give her my vote. I just saying the timing is very strange for her to come forward and being so afraid...isn't the fear still there? shouldn't she be just as afraid to make a video like this, over the possible "consequences"  should Hillary get elected? this is designed to be emotionally charge  attempt at swaying my vote over something that has not been proven and the timing of revealing it does not make sense, because she could have very well brought it up during during one of the two Term Obama was in office. 

The interviewer wreaks of someone hired to scandalize someone running for office. Someone pointed her in his direction, as I'm sure she didn't just find him (this interviewer) on her own on her own someone put him there, and for a specific purpose. His questions sounds like he wants her to follow his direction and help her to be ever so careful as to not break character. 

This has been the dirtiest back and forth opponent bashing I have ever seen before an election, ever.
Bill Clinton is a horrible man
Hillary Clinton is a horrible woman
Donald Trump Is a horrible man
Why have we been stuck with these horrible people to chose who is our president?
Lol... 35K Subscribers... Good news source... Definitely reliable... Lol Most comments from account just created... 
So the house of cards script probably was closer to reality than i thought
My nigga Bill was getting brain from Monica like the pimp he is why tf would he rape this big headed ass blimp lol this bitch lying
Why didn't we hear about this when it happened. I believe this is another swift boat.
how do we know these women haven't been bought by trump!
he has always been a disgusting pig
Bullshit
Broaddrick filed an affidavit with Paula Jones'
 lawyers stating there were unfounded rumors and stories circulating 
"that Mr. Clinton had made unwelcome sexual advances toward me in the 
late seventies... These allegations are untrue".[2]


HOW DOES IT FEEL TO GET OWNED, TRUMPBART?!!!!
This entire interview is very overwhelming, and on top of that she is crying and ppl don't just cry for no reason. All of these facts and evidences are very disturbing.
You know the people don't vote in the president, the government does. The people's vote is just for their consideration. So all you people getting hard nipples over this election (From the poor hillbilly white people to the triggered feminist) stfu you're not important and you'll be dead In 100 years forgotten. These people that are running for office are just 2 faced actors as all the other presidents. They're just con artist and you're getting con'ed. Just live your life cause the gov and the other gov across the world would not let these idiots ideals become real. You can see this women is lying. And why would she say it now when that trump audio just came out hmm?  TBH ALL GOVERNMENT OFFICIALS ARE JUST OUT FOR THEMSELVES NOT YOU OR ME SO JUST STFU AND EAT A PIZZA OR SOMETHING!
JILL FOR PRESIDENT GET MORE INFOR HERE http://www.jill2016.com/
Also the whole Hilary story in this is so vague and fake. I mean I have no doubt bill raped this women ,but I seriously doubt that's what Hillary was trying to do by talking to this lady.
kill Bill 3
oh please shut this... trump always goes too far to cover his tracks .. dumb shit ... he is showing these women. as if Clinton was a serial rapist in oval office... seriouslyyyy???? yeah Clinton said raped all america. women ... wow!!! wake up and smell the coffee u turd... u have gone way too far in coaching these women against clinton.... i hope she gives more than one interview  and we catch loopholes in her coaching
This is from Breitbart. I don't have to say it's fake because that would be redundant.
terrible interviewer
Jeeze so much for "all rape victims deserve to be heard."
Yet Trump's locker room talk gets all the headlines.

Anything but hildabeast.
trump sucks. He's an actual idiot. A disease on the world, and Hilary is too, but at least she wouldn't cause a civil war in america.
Now that's why we can't have his wife as president
I am not saying she is lying but as of now she is only making an accusation with out any evidence.
these hoes ain't loyal.
If this lady accused Trump of rape, all the liberals and mainstream media would be frothing at the mouth and this is the only thing we would be talking about.
Damn, someone give her a damn Oscar! Wonderful performance 
voting sucks now...
She dont know how to lie!! Old
Bitch!!! Why you say that now?  How much they pay you??
Perfect timing DONT ya think
im a liberal on everything but gun control.will vote for retarded chimp before i vote for hillary.she is not a liberal!!!
our choices for president are a load of ..HORSESHIT
So all of these liberals get angry when conservatives make conspiracies about Hillary and Bill yet when something real comes out they make conspiracies as well. Wtf?! Stop insulting this woman and accept what Bill did. Bill is not you, don't worry about what happens to him.
why the fuck do women stay with men like this... what goes in in their head??!? IT BOGGLES my fucking mind its saying you are ok with what he's doing.. not only that but Hillary and Bill in general are just a weird ass couple
if she was so raped why is she just crying now plus said Underoath back then that it didn't happen
This debate is such a Fucking joke... now we are just debating who's worse. And after this I think we can agree the Clinton's are way worse.
Thank god this is trending
i dont denie her honnesty in here accusall.
So sad.
The amount of Hillary supporters defending Bill in this situation sickens me
EVENA  BLIND PERSON CAN SEE
THESE GLOBALISTS NEED TO FALL ! ! ! !

TRUMP ISNT PERFECT,
BUT
IF YOU COMPARE HIM TO THE ELITE WALL STREET NO HEART WHO IS SUPPORTING HILLARY - DAMN FOOKERS, THEY ARE EVIL !!

LONG LIVE FOR TRUMP !!!
This is insane ..... who is the most liar..... who is going to win, the one who liar most?
How can liberals say this is fake?
OK so noowwww republicans start to care about women and their rights. Especially after  trump is exposed for being the scum that he is, and that there is actually proof that he talked about women like that. This video is just an accusation of something that happened 40 years ago with no proof or basis. Fair reason Clinton supporters don't believe her ad same with trump supporters about Alicia Mochaddo. Fucking dumbasses.
You're still afraid of him? Honey, no one will be raping you anytime soon.
Dumbass people it's probably not even real. and you idiots are complaining for nothing. you peasants get brainwashed right away. that's what separates people like you and from me. now go shame yourselves you dumb people 
Do you have proof of your affirmation, why did you take 35 plus years to come out?








waiting for Triggered people.
Idk its something fishy here. 
I wouldn't believe it 
So she didn't testify or anything until right now during the election. Bill isn't guilty this is bull shit.
You get abused, but let a self proclaimed women abuser, use you on national tv
I can see this is obviously leaning towards trump's presidency.
This actually brings me to tears wow
Fake and gay
The interview guy sounds like he doesn't have any interview skills. Dam if that's all you need to know and act, I'll be the John oliver !
So she just so happens to be coming out with this when Hilary is about to become president rather than years ago when it happened or I don't know when Bill was actually running? Hilary didn't rape her and I have a sneaking suspicion this is some negative publicity bullshit trying to bring Clinton down.
The Truth Hurts People.
She waits almost 30 years to say this with no proof . let that sink in on a republican provided news outlet
How does this have so many dislikes? Do Hillary supporters not have souls?
I believe her ... but for Donald to use her as leverage is really low
Idk if I should believe her because there are women out there who lie about being raped for attention and money.
Believe the rape victim except when she was raped by Bill Clinton, right Democrats? 

Hypocritical garbage.
Trump only gave her a 7/10
Download and Watch Full Movies

First go to www-ankmovies-com
fake as fuck. keep an eye on her bank transactions, shes getting a YUUUUGE pay soon courtesy D Trump
damn, I want sex in real life...
"I have another book to sell... and trumpers are going to buy it. That is, the ones who can afford to buy a book."
I can't believe what I heard ! Feel so sorry for this lady ! 
Hilary and her husband should lock them in jail ! They made the White house all muddy dirt !!!
#ImNOTWithHillary
what people do for money
Let's get the 13 year old trump raped in a interview next.
Libtards will only side with the victim when it is convenient for them. The second that it doesn't fit there narrative they shame & blame & discredit the victim every time. What happened to ' NO VICTIM BLAMING! ' you fucking hypocrites.
Love the double standards for both parties when it comes to shit like this...
Nothing to see here. Just a CRISIS ACTOR.
Truth is, Hillary will do anything to be elected president, including maintaining a show marriage with a rapist
Oh my god.. USA is going to shit
4K dislikes from liberals, disgraceful
just vote for neither! you don't have to choose one. shouldn't have to choose lesser of both evils
Funny how she all of a sudden wants to tell her story right when the election is starting.
Soooo why didn't this women come out and say this before then. I'm not doubting this may have happened but this came at a very convenient time for trump
PLEASE SHARE!!
How much is trumping paying this old actress
I will not vote for Hillary Clinton because her husband is a potential rapist , instead i will vote for Trump who himself is a potential rapist , can't argue with logic ...
Sure Trump isn't the smartest guy, but id rather vote for a big mouth like him than a lying old hag like Hilary.
<This is to avoid paying taxes. Its okay to use the tax laws to pay less taxes, everybody else does it, But In 1995 he claims to be negative 900plus millions to avoid paying any taxes. Who in the right mind would believe he was negative; How did he afford his living expenses then Trump should be ashamed saying he support the troops, the cops, the people, when in fact he does not care for anybody just himself. If people thinks that he will be the president that will save them from poverty and will improve this country for the best,They are totally wrong
and this is who would be living in the White House IF Hillary is chosen?!  I also saw this video in youtube that may explain why he was physically forceful and biting her lips?  It's under the title:  "Sally Miller: Bill Clinton snorted coke off my coffee table"
by: The American Mirror.
She probably got a very pretty penny for this interview.
I don't believe her! Period
Hillary is going to destroy trump and the republicans.
You know, there are now polling models that show trump at 34.7%?  This means that the House is in danger of flipping for the Democrats and the Senate is surely Democratic.
It seems like everyone is forgetting that Breitbart news is incredibly biased for Mr. Trump. 


Also, I love how all of these young people think they know what happened when all of this took place in the 90s.
so funny, my moms sees a story on the news about brock whatever right. he should go to priaon. play her this video amd she says the Jaunita is lying.
Wrong wrong wrong... And fake.. of course
You know if Trump wasn't running against Hillary he'd be high five Bill.
Hard to watch..
You can't rape a willing slut.
funny how conservative SUDDENLY care about rape victims.... hmmm.
Wife of a rapist and Trump likes to force himself onto women and grope their genitals. Meteor 2016
This lady is telling the truth... that man should be in jail.. not trying to win a bet with his companion to win the Whitehouse for her own turn of fuckery and deplorable actions.
Evil pair of animals
bill Cosby got accused by multiple woman and everyone believed them but no one believed that bill raped these woman
Yes, Liberals are full of shit on this issue. Trump is still a psychopath.
I'm voting for Hillary because this is trash politics at it's worst. She didn't touch these women, Trump would (if they were his daughters)
Crazy woman. I feel sorry for her. She seems as delusional as every other Trump supporter.
They just paid her to say that beside no one is going to rape a women that ugly
I dont see  movie stars being angry with this video ? Do You ?
The clintons have been doing this for years! 
never crooked Hillary
This woman came out years ago. The reason it's public now is bc of the blackout media. But her story hasnt changed, and she has not profited financially from this. No book deal, no movie deal... Every woman who hears how she can barely speak about the worst part; the part after he rips her hose and her face is painfully bleeding. Needs to realize that Hillary Clinton has never had ANY sympathy for ANYONE that didn't serve her political goals. This also goes for the mutilated body of the 12yr old she smeared and said she wanted to be put in a coma and raped by a 41 yr old adult. Oh yeah a 12 year old wants to be beat up and cut up so she can't have kids...this is the level of evil we are talking about. Hillary acts as if bc she has a vagina we should vote for her. Mommy Dearest abuser controller bully and she gets paid in jewels by the Saudis. Women! Do not be decieved! She is not our friend.
Unfortunately, her legal affidavit claims that the above event did not happen, unless I am truly mistaken.
Is this faux newz entrainment?
ooohhh it that crap with the queer that hates gays. TALK ABOUT trumps OPEN COURT CASE FOR RAPING A 13YR OLD LITTLE GIRL
She is a liar. She would have told a friend,a family member. Let THEM come out and make this public. Where is her support people to say yep, I remember her telling me this years ago?! You know why she wants to stop and say its so hard to go over this now? Because the lying she is doing is bothering her. She is wondering what other lies she can say to look convincing. You need alot of lies to back up one major lie.  Then you have to remember all the lies so you do not look like you contradicted.
Why are all these rape victim coming out years later
The timing of this video is a bit coincidental.
why don't somebody look up what Hillary not bill, but Hillary has done to the Haitians and what they feel even the president of Haiti feels about her and the Clinton foundation. And why don't anybody look up her superhero Margaret Sanger and Saul Alinsky and see how she aligns her ideology with them, they're not saying that on the news and I cannot figure out why the Trump campaign has not brought that up yet it just boggles my mind she is as evil as the day is long only a murderer like Hillary can stand there on stage and look like a hero to 50% of this nation, Lord Jesus Christ come quickly please!
Honest question, how much do you guys think she got paid ?
I FEEL SORRY FOR THE KIDS IN SYRIA. I DONT FEEL BAD FOR THIS ACTING LYING ASS BITCH WHO WAS PAYED FOR HER FAKE ASS STORY.
That money hungry makes anyone cry.
How can people still vote Clinton after seeing this?
you can tell most of the comments have no idea that in the 90 s this very same lady signed an affidavit saying it was consensual but of course now the story has changed....convenient. also trump has a pending rape charge himself...right now. from a 12 year old girl...sooo
if you vote for a women who enables rape, you're trash
LOL, I love how all these idiots in the comment section are saying "BUH DIS IS FAKE", yet these same libtards will say that Bill Cosby must be guilty of rape because of all of the women that accused him of rape. You are FUCKING HYPOCRITES.
so yeah we want the first "women" of the white house to be bill hahahah lets see if hillary has to again hide the rapes
Trump is a FUCKING LOSER. HES A CREEP
Trump is a FUCKING LOSER. HES A CREEP. 
OMG this makes me want to not vote for bill oh wait his not running
This is so fake its obvious! Even if u overlook that its by fucking Breitbart! Haha ridiculous! I mean I hate Hillary for all the 'proven' suspicious wrongdoings she has done...but this is just smear campaign as  a counter to the tap release! It has to be obvious for the sane ones...not the deplorable ones of course!
Jesus christ...  I can't watch this
Why are there so many dislikes for something true? It's not a matter of opinion. Good luck goes out to those who like my comment.
save it for jerry Springer
Why come out with this now not when it happened??????
Last ditch efforts for a dying campaign. And how much was she paid?  And by who?
Look at this poor woman..and look at what hillary has done you people with no heart look at her and you tell me that a woman like her deserves this. Trump you have my vote and if you have a heart you better damn well  vote for him. Look at this poor woman...my god I'm in tears
Well if this is real shes dead or vanishing maybe both
and he rappeddd meeeeeeeee. very good acting
liberals in the comment section are making me feel like its okay to rape
No matter how convincing this may be, I never believe people right off the bat. You never know if someone is just a really good liar, and that's the sad thing about most rape cases, is that all you have is their word, and that's just not good enough.
Everyone who is calling this a lie, what motive does she and the others have to make this up. They didn't just come out with it. Bill is a pig
she should be locked up for this fake rape shit she mad because she ain't monica or Hilary we don't believe you.
FAKE
Poor woman :(
What about trumps upcoming rape trial of a 13 yr old girl in 1994. Google it. Unbelievable.
This video is faker then the moon landing! "He bit my lower lip" now she's scared for life
To all the uninformed voters: Juanita is only ONE of THIRTEEN women who were ON RECORD sexually assaulted by Bill Clinton. You can look up all the cases and more and read how Hillary helped facilitate the cover ups.
not true
she a hole lie
Even though what Hillary did was wrong, I still don't think voting for trump is better. He's literally destroying America..
if she was sexually abused then why the hell is she backing up trump after what he said about unwanted sexual advances with women?
America is FUCKED.
can we call this a big lie?
lmfao holy fuck this is trending
great interview. thank you, Breitbart
AMY SCHUMER?!?!?!!
scammer
This was a paid commercial by the Gestapo Regime, nothing but Nazi Propaganda.  The Orange Orangutan will soon fall.
Of course its breibart that to make this video. Liberal media couldn't fucking do it!
the whole world  is watching  the U.S election , eating popcorn, and we know that u ppl r fucked.
Hillary wants all victims to be heard and believed except for bills victims
Hilary and all her supporters are retarded and trump and all his supporters are racists so just vote don't vote and watch America crumble
Donald Trump raped me ! I didn't file a complaint , there is no evidence , there are no witnesses , nobody saw him enter or leave the hotel , ...  you just have to believe me , thumbs up if you believe me .
The ugly side of Hillary Clinton but no her supporters want her to stay fake political correctness. She is a snake don't give a dame about security. Look at her doing in Libya!
Trump, the law and order guy, is now forgoing the court of law and is assuming bill clintons guilt without a trial. And you republicans are okay with someone assuming the guilt of another without trial. Hypocrites.
Trump 2016
Thank you for being so courageous Juanita to come forward and speak the truth.  God have mercy on us and save our souls if the Clinton's become President.
this didn't just come out stupid I've heard about this shit for years. under a rock much?
She's acting I can tell.
Stupid white people
ok Hillary didn't rape her, so she shouldn't b President for what her accused Husband did! But ya can excused Trump for sayin he can grab women by the pussy cuz he's rich and famous! He paid these people 2 make this shit up 2 win the election!
If you're a fan of cars  enter my channel and watched the latest cars videos
For those often protesting about having a rape culture and victim blaming, it's seems they have no problem disliking this video and disrespecting this women because she doesn't support their agenda... you are a serious sick fuck to dislike this over your political views.
I love how both sides bash each other.. we are all arguing with one another accomplishing nothing. it's sad.
sounds like trump 7:38, I knew by a look. Wow so you can mind read now!
new low for Donald retards
Bill has buttin many top lips as he has raped women. This is a sick person who enjoys hurting women. This is control!Hillary is his enabler. So many people have been destroyed by this couple like the people in Haiti after the earth quake. Good for you lady to speak up!!! Coming out of the dark with the truth will free you.
why dont you guys take up arms and lynch the witch. I wonder if you guys will move out of the country once she wins?
I hope Trump does a rally with these victims each getting a turn to speak about how evil Bill is for doing it and how evil Hillary is for using any means to keep them silent/in fear. Would have a huge impact I think.
How many times was this edited?  Boy you can tell that they edit this so much. Maybe he cry wasn't believable so they had to tell her to do better!  BAD EDIT GUYS!
She lied about the rape and made it all up UNDER OATH in 1978. She's lying!
terrible acting !
To all the Hillary supporters down voting this - really shows your concern for women and how easily you dismiss them when it doesn't fit the narrative. Disgusting and pathetic. Seeing the down votes on this video makes me want to go door to door for Trump - and I fucking HATE  Trump. Jill Stein 2016.
bitch shut up ! this is so fake
:49  you must have had the wrong idea?  DUH why the fuck would you go to a HOTEL with someone that you weren't interested in? You were 35 years old so you can't say AGE was your excuse!
how much did trump pay her?
These people alway come out during election time
at least trump didn't grab you by the pussy
Think about this it says that he stop at her nursing home and then raped her at a hotel? Wait a minute why the fuck did you go to a hotel with him if you weren't interested! you're 35 years old don't act like you were stupid!
She was probably payed off or something why almost when election takes place she comes out with it keep a look out Hillary will pay somebody to say trump is gay or some shit
So is this true? Or are ppl just assuming to believe her?
Isn't this the horrible news outlet owned and run by that disgusting white supremecists who is Donald Trump's campaign manager?
Donald Trump doesn't give a shit about these women. He was just using them for his personal gain last night, after it was revealed he likes to talk about sexually assaulting women. 

Oh and by the way, Bill Clinton isn't running for president. And these are nothing more than ALLEGATIONS against him. Not charges or convictions.
her words im scared of him becoming president lol 
so if he's not president she wont be afraid lol 
juanita you full of bs lol
this election is more about who has more personal issues then it's about the future of America.
35 you were an adult. How the FUCK did you get in a BEDROOM! Explain that?
Kill bill
First how the FUCK did you get in a bedroom. Please explain that!
lol  so staged
The comment section gets sadder and sadder the lower the you get.
she wasnt even attractive  
i thought rapists targeted beautiful women
Right ring media. Google "breitbart news". The moment you put it in Google it says "breitbart news is not credible".  hahahaha
oh so NOW SHE WANTS TO COME OUT? WHY NOT 10 YEARS AGO? WHY NOW? OH BC DONALD IS PAYING YOU A FEW SHEKELS? COOL LO
They turned a town hall meeting into a debate like what the hell You answer questions what are you willing to do for America not talk against each other 
she's so afraid  of him she was at the debate lol
Tbh I think both of them are not ready I'm just saying
lol juanita lying just like trump 
 bill isnt running for president  ^_^
So liberals suddenly ignore rape as soon as it becomes inconvenient for them?
my heart goes out to Juanita. I pray for justice and protection.
Lucky it wasn't trump because he would have grabbed her by the pussy
juanita had an extramarital thing when she said 
she was raped lol
so many people here on denial about the Clintons...Bill did rape those woman his a rapist and hillary did cover up for him.
Bill the "Rapist" and Killary the "Rapist Enabler" The choice is clear over locker room talk. TRUMP/PENCE 2016!!! Make America First Again!
Hi, my name's Hillary Clinton, and my husband is a rapist, but i'm VERY offended when trump says things against women i don't like.
Smh at all these comments. Hillary AND Trump are BOTH scumbags and America is fucked either way. At this point its just seeing who will fuck up the least :/
Why she's coming out NOW? I'm living not in USA guys. Just asking question..
Bill Clinton bragged about being an Oxford scholar,  left out that he raped an English girl and was expelled.
trump should be hanged
God bless you Juanita Broaddrick!
Can I get a small loan of a million subscribers?
She weighed 120lbs at 35 years old??
Ah come on!! DOWNVOTE THIS BULLSHIT !!!
Funny how the Trump case come out with his vulgar language about women and now the Clinton case comes out about her husband which obviously reflects on her. It's sad that this is how we're going to see our leaders.
I don't think this lady told the world the true, she isseeing that Hillary Clinton will win this President in the USA. She is jearousy....
Come on... does anybody really believe this bullshit?!

Right after Trumps biggest fuckup... 
what a practical coincidence!!
Only 35....
Anyone who votes for Clinton, I hope all the shit the Clintons have done happen to their families.
Rape is no joke, our society is filled with bigots who make fun of women's body and make them appear as a sex object. They are part of what instigate the normality of rape among women, when to them is just dominating a submissive body, completely wrong! Also, Tell me how this is relevant to electing a president? keep in mind Bill is not running for president. Why aren't we using this exact same example to treat Donald Trump the exact same way??!! New video released a couple of days ago he admitted sexually assaulting women as something that he can do because he is rich. Like come on! "locker talk"!!?? is exactly what makes men like him see women just like Juanita, joking about is not funny why don't you go to a center for victims and volunteer there see if it would change your perspective. Both Hillary and Trump are not the best choice we have, this two party system has rigged this process.
She was brutally raped and she worries HillaryClinton is leading in the race for president... ok... was she afraid when he became president...
Bernie please come back!!!!!
What top lip 
you are all idiots for believing someone that was probably paid off by trump to come up with such a bs story.
heartless brainwashed liberals dislike this video because it clearly paints Bill Clinton as the rapist that he is.
This is sickening... absolutely repulsive.
Fake ass bitch, anyone can fake cry
I'm real sick and tired of women being able to fabricate a story let out some fake tears and have everyone automatically take her side. If he did do it then fair enough but enough of jumping to conclusions bs. I need more proof
Bill. Clinton. Is. not. Running. For. President
THIS is BULLSHIT! It has been discovered that this woman was PAID, yes, BRIBED to speak about the Clintons by a rep of the Trump Election Campaign.
what happened to not victim blaming?
Lol @ all the suckers who believe this. She was under oath in court and said this never happened.
Hilary has seen video, yet she has the balls to run for president!
maybe this lady can get signed on with universal studios.. with her acting ass trying to get a pay out..smh
Trump funded this like 15 other women claimed Bill Clinton raped them, and now that Trump is in trouble and he knows he will lose, he tries to make Hillary look bad typical Republican, this is just making the election worse
dream on old girl :-D
This is devastating.
this is hilarious if you are trained to spot liars
infowars.com
The idiocracy of the Hillary voters... holy crap, the sheer invincible stupid
Bill...God will place you in a very DARK PLACE! It will take a public apology to reverse some of the things you have done.
shes wiping dry tears..makes sense. her tissue is still dry at the end
shes a great actress
shes a fake ass
why now
This needs to go viral.
BILL CLINTON RAPES WOMEN, HILARY CLINTON DEFENDS CHILD RAPISTS AND SLUT SHAMES RAPE VICTIMS!
where was this before trump was losing by 10 points in the poles?
wow nice acting
That bastard!!! This poor poor woman!!!
I said from the start, it does not matter who wins this election. America is Fucked with a capitol F. You can only choose your poison.
This woman is a liar trying to get attention at this point: 
http://www.politicususa.com/2016/10/09/sworn-affidavit-juanita-broaddrick-denies-allegations.html
She had evey opportunity before now to come forward AND she even discredited other "victims" of Bill's in the '90s while under oath. She's scum of the earth.
Uao he got away with that !? Thanks to Hillary uao ! How horrible
that's some grade A acting
She got payed by the campaign.
This is such a horrible thing to happen. I hope Bill is put in jail for this, but it won't make me like Trump. Maybe they'll both resign...
just when I thought Trump couldn't sink any lower, he's a sad desperate little man who accuses someone's husband of being a rapist. When Trump was actually CHARGED!! with rape!!!
Video is somehow not available!!?  I heard that the Clintons pulled a full media black-out of all Bill's Accusers interviews, videos, articles, and radio interviews.   Why is the media protecting a rapist?
In an alternate universe, Trump grabbed her by the Pussy
Worst part is none of you fucks even care for this women's pain. You just care that the Clinton's get fucked for this. :/
Is no one going to talk about the rape allegations against Trump?
NOTHING BUT LIES FROM THIS LADY. I MEAN WHORE.
not sure if the like to dislike ratio is for Trump supporters happy she got raped for this story to Hillary supporters sad she did, or to people who do or don't like rape stories, or people who think this is bs to those who don't... awkward moment
How convenient this comes out after the Trump audio appears
I'm no fan of the clintons, but this is clearly BULLSHIT
Hilary and Bill are criminals. Why are then not in the prisons?  What is definitely wrong with the US system?  Why the rich and politicians can bribe the criminal system?  I wish H & B go to Hell.
big bloody fake.Trump might feed her with a sack of money
Lots of ignorant fucks in denial here - just look at how many thumbs down. Rape is OK for them when done by Clinton and intimidation by Killary.
"During the 1992 Presidential campaign there were unfounded rumors and stories circulated that Mr. Clinton had made unwelcome sexual advances toward me in the late seventies," she said. "Newspaper and tabloid reporters hounded me and my family, seeking corroboration of these tales. I repeatedly denied the allegations and requested that my family's privacy be respected. These allegations are untrue and I had hoped that they would no longer haunt me, or cause further disruption to my family."~Juanita Broaddrick
It's funny how everyone is saying stuff like "this must me fake"
Like she was raped??? How cruel can you Hillary supporters get? Can nobody have a voice anymore without getting called a liar?
Look for allegations from Mr. Trump accusers who have been purported to be celebrity chasing and money seeking opportunists.
this needs more views
Dear, trump supporters. Wake up. This man, Donald trump, will rape you're daughter and wife's. And he's admitted to it. Wake up. This isn't what our founding fathers would want. Think about it, think about you're choice. He is not the direction, our great country, should blindly and recklessly follow
I wonder why she signed a sworn affidavit in 1998 saying this is all b.s.? Bet it has something to do with a Benghazi conspiracy? Why didn't the Clinton's just murder her like all the rest?
Wtf 2016 trump vs Clinton we are all fucking screwed
when trump admits to a sex crime nobody bats an eye, but when people hear anything Clinton the world goes crazy
SICK Clinton Family, anyone who's thinking about voting these RAPISTS better think again. STOP Listening to all the Bias media. Anyone watching this Video, PLEASE take a min & share this on all ur Social Media!
Regardless whether these women were raped or not has little to no bearing on the character of the two candidates running for the Presidency today. The decision comes down to choosing between two evil people and clearly Trump is the more evil of the two.
Dumb bitch
Trump and Hillary are both terrible candidates!! I'm voting for JILL STEIN!!!!
how convenient coming out at the time of presidency. it's bs someone must of payed the old hag. im not saying hillary is a saint if anything she's a piece of shit like every other wannable president but in my point of view if it comes down to worse of two half's, fuck it i go with the lesser evil hillary. america fucked up voting for this assholes anyway.
five minutes later she related how space aliens attackef her....
more likely bill was paying for sex and years later these women are hoping to make a buck. Otherwise they would have gone to the police.
burden of proof.
Honestly, Trump can do anything and people will stand by him. Hillary Clinton's husband "rapes someone" and now we must vote for Trump? As of that's the only reason to vote for him? Brock Turner actually raped someone, does that mean I vote for a 3rd party? there's no relation. These allegations are false and she's making some big money "telling her story". We have video evidence of Trump being a pervert but it's just locker room talk, and just champagne over a playboy girl. smh. If you are gonna stand up for women's rights, stand up for all of it, not only the other candidates allegations.
What about Trump's rape lawsuit that's happening right now?
How low will the republicans go? First, Trump gets caught saying disgusting things and now we have him using these women for his own benefit. Rape is a serious issue and Trump uses these women as tools for his own benefit. Republican party is disgusting!
its a fucking disgrace the clintons need to be put away
Just so you Trumpers understand. This is the same shit Trump does as well..
People make the exact same claims about alien abductions. That space aliens are sexually molesting them. And no physical evidence ever exists. So we know for a fact that people can and do make things up.
Can anyone help me convince my girlfriend to not vote for Hillary? She keeps saying that Hillary is not against abortion like trump and that's why she won't vote for trump.
Hillary is deceitful. I hope my fellow Liberals will wake up
You are commenting now
Remember this , if trump win the election ... He will get assassinated by the Clintons 100% . And this is my prediction I made one year ago .
Dude I felt bad until she said "I'm afraid especially if she becomes president" and this is on breitbart news. This is such propaganda. This is sick.
Is there proof to this?  Just curious
You losers realize that Bill Clinton is not running for president
Everybody use the #GodsaveAmerica because we need his help I don't want Trump I don't want Clinton
If you believe this fat bitch, you're dumb asf
Don't you think maybe Hillary thought that he was having an affair with this woman, and what she was trying to tell her was to stop having sex with her husband; probably she didn't knew this woman was rape; even though what she said wasn't fine but that the normal respond of a woman towards a woman she thinks her husband is having a affair with
[THIS COMMENT HAS BEEN REMOVED BY THE GOVERNMENT]
lmao I've never seen such a liar
God save America
why now?! suspicious
WHY IS IT THAT THESE STUPID CITIZENS OF AMERICA ARE SO CLUELESS AS THOUGH THEY THINK THAT BILL HASNT DONE ANYTHING, AND THAT HILLARY IS A GOOD PERSON!? WHY CANT AMERICA SEE THAT TRUMP HAS SAID MANY MISTAKES, BUT THOSE ARE JUST WORDS THAT HE REGRETS FROM THE PAST, TRUMP IS NOT A POLITICIAN, OF COURSE HES GONNA MAKE MISTAKES, AND THE STUFF HE SAID THAT HE REGRETS SAYING ARE TRUE ANYWAY, WAKE UP AMERICA (TRUMP1026!) this video made me mad at the liberal cunts!
Lol trump supporters are just scrambling to the offense since they know they can't defend that buffoon.
This makes me want to go to the Clinton's house, and protest outside for there arrest. Whether it is a death penalty, or a life sentence in a maximum security prison.
WOW
Ugh

I don't like Hillary and I don't like Trump.
I don't want to vote 3rd party because they never win 
I don't even know what to do at this point lmao
I am not gonna minimise her alledged rape, but if this is true, how in the hell can she defend a character like Donald Trump, who admits he likes to assault women, not just talk, actions, not just words, since the release of the tape a lot of them are coming forward, so he did act like that and that is ok? So I am very sorry, but as long as she does, I don't believe a word of it. Why is he never even questioned about any rape or assault and if she knew, how does she know that for sure, maybe she thought she was just another fling of his, coz he did cheeted on her. So Im not convinced, sorry, coz I don't like to doubt any victem. But in this case, it's been atleast 20 yrs ago, so to proof either way is impossible, esp in this election, where there are already so many lies, from both sides of the Isle. But after all is said and done, we have to choose between these two, a degenerate and a woman with bagage. I take her over him any day, but after she's elected, the ppl have to get engaged in their political scne, from schoolboards to the cityhall to the Senate and vote down the ticket upcoming years, so we can change this rediciulous two Party system that hasn't really worked for most of us. That's probebly why Obama has gotten 30 yrs older in 8 yrs time, he underestemaited their hatred for him as POTUS. A black man telling us what to do? The thought alone..... And so he became a ghost of the man he was before he got into the White House....
BOTH Hillary and Trump are TRASH.
It's okay Juanita! You're doing a brave thing! People, especially those in "powerful" positions need to realize EVERYONES held accountable and EVERYONE, no matter what role they play in life, deserves respect. Your giving scared victims strength and a voice to fight for their personal well-being.
This has been out for a while but gets major attention right after trumps leaked video. 2 mins into the video she's trying to demote Hilary from presidential status. Whether she was abused or not, she is using this as a way to promote trump instead of Hilary. Meaning her situation is either not that affecting on her or she is lying. Rape is never okay, but you shouldn't use it to get what you want especially when you don't have all the facts.
Breitbart is TNN: Trump News Network
B
Libtards should be gassed. They are clearly degenerate filth for supporting clinton. I Never understode the clinton facination, I could understand liking Bernie - but then again I live in liberal Canada where everybody expects free shit (even though it takes months to even get tested for cancer or similar illness's - let alone treat the danm illness.)
But Ya clinton was meh for me on a political level I just figured she's establishment military industrial complex politician (like 90% since WW2.)
But holy shit researching into the clinton foundation, reading the leaked emails for fun. I can't even vote as a Canadian, but Dayum America has some disgusting anti-american americans within your borders with their sole purpose being to end the republic.
All republics end in dictator ship. (historical fact - look it up - try and debate me, you can't find one )
America is 22 trilllion in debt and its one of the longest republics in history. Thus Hillary might be the first female president, but also the LAST "president".
Personally paying taxes and following laws would end for me , If I was an american and found out a criminal was my boss. 
Fuck that.
He was the 2nd president history to ever get impeached we really want him back in the White House
I guess locker room talking is worse than rape and killing. Vote trump!
We can't have the clintons in the White House running our nations disgusting humans we must vote trump this November
When Clinton wins, we need to find every racist, mysoginic, uneducated, backwood Trump supporter in America and send there ass to Guantanamo Bay.

You idiots choose dipshit Trump over Jeb Bush, Paul Ryan, and even Ted Cruz because Trump relates to your backwood bigotry.

Congratulations dumbasses, you officially made the Republican party worlds laughing stock. 

We wont see a right-wing politician in the Whitehouse for another 3 decades
Oh great here we go again. This whole 2016 presidential election is a complete shit show of a circus act. Both candidates are complete and utter garbage. How can anyone defend and support either of these candidates. Trump and Hillary  can both go eat turds!
Liberals would throw their 90 year old grand mother under a running train and blame trump for it and the dems/media would attack him like if he's the one that did it.
Bill and his zombies are probably jacking off to this video right now and bragging about how great Hillary is.  Clinton voters are nothing more than a mindless cult.
how much did Trump pay this wench
That interviewer is a terrible interviewer=no pro
Of rape victims and cheated wives. There/these are the pains undefined within. The pains of the victims and the pains of the wives cheated. Cheated wives are prone to support their cheating husband, spoil the habit or bragged it is the other woman's fault. On the cheated wife, there are the fierce display of hatred that condemnation and vengeance exist - a consideration that laid a family broken, disgrace, defamation of character/honor and a home broken. Hatred spreads from the huge fault of the husband. The husband will be desperate to recover. Effects will spread thru peers and thru time. Pains will never be healed as long memories persist to exist and the scars are always there. It will haunt the households involve. And may your household does not have a member who will bring pains of whatever bad secrets revealed and (unconcealed/concealed) misdeeds not forgiven.
This lady is fake, she can't even cry seriously.
Young voters don't know this woman's story. It's clear Bill Clinton is a disgusting rapist and Hillary enabled abuse by covering up for these crimes. 

In the end the Clintons are above the law. Do you really want them leading the nation again?  I don't. 

Vote for Trump to stop her.
any sex is gud sex
If you listen to Breitbart News the same thing that happened to Nazi Germany in 1945  will happen to America by 2020,
Please, thumb up and make more people see this video.
lord jesus son of man please return save all of us from these evils
What was this old hag doing alone with him anyway? We all know the Lord almighty made the devil a man don't we?
Another Granny looking for attention with some bullshut story. The things people say for video time lmao. BTW Bill isn't running for president
This is the facts that ABC and CNN avoid like the plague
Juanita, I know exactly how you feel, as I was raped at 16 and others stopped me from telling afterwards. I am so proud of you. God bless.
what is the best choice you can make for this election? I really don't see any hope
is this true?
Liberals are the worst. They screwed up America.
hilary says she is fighting for womens right well here you go hillary start here
why would dis fat bitch be raped
But Trump raped a little girl... and his court date has been pushed to Dec because was about to get EXPOSED
Why don't. go to the police?
Why she crying? What a over dramatic bitch
Fuck Clinton. I don't want to support trump either, but at least he never raped someone. Now I hope trump could fuck Hillary as hard as he can.
Trump said offensive things about women... about damn time this shit gets exposed, fuck the clinton administration
Just saying if this was a testamony agents trump all the comments would point out "omg it's So fake. This has nothing to do with politics. Who cares the woman probably deserved it" but as soon as it's agents Hillary no one bats a eye... It's a very shitty double standard here on YouTube
wow
Damn,....how the hell did I get here?   It seems kinda cultish in here,.........I should've taken a left at Albuquerque,.......waaaay left.


Some of you people are nuts,.....anyway,..I'm on my way to Sanity Town and might stop by Common Sense City on the way if anyone cares to go
$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$ yes please!!!!!!!
Don't worry grama will make sure she doesn't enter the White House nor that pig Clinton or his ms pigari Clinton discusting bastards and still get away with all of this how dare they shit on their flag and spill their cum all over us on public television  discusting deplorables trump 2016
Wow. I feel for the woman but why in the hell would you align yourself with that monster Trump?

You went through that ordeal with Bill and you sit next to the man that gloats about sexually assaulting women?

Very disappointed with her tbh 

As a woman who has gone through that ordeal, I have nothing but disgusts for both men.
It is so bullshit that we are forced to vote between two horrible candidates. The system has to change before America goes to complete shit.
She is lying,
Hillary throws smut at Trump - 11 years ago.  She can expect Bills rape to be exposed.  Bad words - or rape?  What is worse?
yes. Bill Clinton is a horrible person for what he did. Donald Trump is a horrible person aswell. I don't want neither of these two men. that is why I have to vote for Hilary. I just can't allow someone like Trump become the president of this great nation.
Not saying this isn't real but blaming Hillary for what bill did is like blaming trumps wife for the many types he possibly cheated last thing trump is being sued for child rape
Wow, I can't believe YouTube allowed this on the Trending page.  They usually only allow left wing democrat bullshit.
lol
bullshit...not buying it
Well, you can't fool the Flies can you!
these women have paid actors all over them. And ONLY now they are coming out of the wood work. Thank you Chump for the entertainment.
3,000 Hillary Supporters Attacking a Rape Victim!  Kinda Proves The Point what An Evil Witch she IS.
This needs to go public!!!! my heart and prayers go out to all the girls that Bill raped!!
who the fuck wants to talk about their rape in this kind of detail in front of a national audience? 
using your own rape story for revenge is messed up. I hope she knows this doesn't replace real therapy.
What's going on ?
according  to Trump  supporter  logic, if it happened  in the  past, it doesn't  matter.
Funny how Republicans are becoming feminists now, and start believing rape culture is real ow.
Someone get her a scifi contract
trump paid 3 Millon dollars to a fake fat bitch to say this.
i just hope this human refuse the clintons will rot in hell together with all their supporters.
The Clintons are pure evil.  Their primary skill is lying, which is becoming less convincing.
" Was he aroused? "
                                        DAVE CHAPPELLE 2000
why can't these fucking candidates focus on the issues we need to fix they keep bringing shit up from the past that won't fix shit in the future. worst fucking election ever
Right all this from Breitbart News. Owned by none other than the guy in charge of running Donald Trumps election. The timing btw is perfect! Only a monkey would fall for this shit. OOoops! That's basically Trump's target demographic. Which is to say all Trumpers are dumb enough to fall for this BS. Dance monkeys!! DANCE!! OMG You people are morons. #NEVERTRUMP
SHAME ON THEM
Misdirection by idiots
She's about to commit suicide
Next thing you know...Breaking news Trump exposed again for physically abusing some random woman years ago that finally had the courage to come out with it now... I don't know what to believe anymore
she is ugly as fuck she should be lucky she got some action lol.
Please, everyone, do not be pulled into the "the past makes the man today" psychology. The past is the past. Why is there a need to publicize this? This is an unwise decision to make on her and other's call, specifically the ones who are filming this. Sure, you can argue that "the truth must be revealed about the clintons" but think about why you may argue that. And if your reason is "for the sake of convincing others to vote someone else" then fine. But this was handled badly. She could have handled this in a more private way, contacting the clintons, sitting down face to face, and find closure, clarification, and somewhat forgiveness. Or at least file a report. Clinton was already impeached for sexual allegations. But that doesn't mean his wife will be advocative of that and intend to be that, either. You put something private like that out to the world, and the world will eat that up, causing the people on the other side of the story to back into a corner and not say anything about it. I would like to know the clintons' take on this story. But if this causes them not to say anything, then it is like it is the world's media to blame, because they basically said "let's get some confidential leverage over them, and let's see how they handle it". I don't know if it is true or not, but please look at both sides of a coin
republicans believe in innocent until proven guilty up until the point when it involves Clinton
bernie sanders was almost there, so close. nope, america had to dig it's own grave by choosing 2 psychopaths instead. and people think obama was bad...
Trump is who resurfaced her pain ..
And the huge scandal is Trump called a woman fat
Bill and Hill, Go to Jail!
This makes me so angry. This poor woman, I believe her. The Clinton's disgust me.
Bill and Hill should go to Jail ! !
The Clintons are all Criminals ! !
I wanna hug this woman
where was this woman when Bill was trying to be president TWICE!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Fuck this isn't fair, I want a third option.
Also why would you be upset at her for this its bill not her.
huh I wonder why these women are coming out now? Oh ya it might be because of they know trump is gonna lose.
Wow she is such a liar.
Lol, he came twice in 20 minutes? What an absolute load of shit. You people are so gullible.
Hillary for prison 2016
GO TRUMP!!
Hillary for Prison
testing...testing
death panelty for bill clinton
So... I guess I believe you because you said you were raped.
Don't blame the victim
Breitbart. Enough said.
The next day, Juanita was found in a sewer with 19 bullets in the back of the head. Authorities rule it a suicide.
Trump did the same stuff u know
TRUMP 2016 BOIIII
It is hard to believe
This video was not Hillary it was well not sure if it was even bill!!  Trumps trying anything to get in the president's office!!!!! after last night second debate Trump already lost 20 more points and not sure if there going to make him leave the race for president!!!! TRUMP IS A RAPIST AND A BIG-GIT!!!! AND HOPE TO GOD HE WILL FINALLY GIVE HIS TAX STATEMENTS TO THE PEOPLE AND HOPE HE DOESN'T GRAB ANY MORE WOMEN BY THERE PRIVETS!!!!!!
lie
Burn in hell, Billary!

You heard me.
I'm not claiming this is a faked rape and an attack tords hillary. Im just saying don't believe every video defaming Hillary by a news network that dislikes her till the facts are out there. I wouldn't be making this comment if she  didn't said "I'm so scared of her being president " because that has nothing to do with the rape it does have to do with that airport situation thing but those words out of Hillarys mouth can literally be taken multiple ways . Wait till there's an investigation and till we can see the facts and not just the accusations. I mean seeing someone cry about something can make them very emotional and not think much about everything else. 
(Sorry if my punctuation and grammar is not great English isn't my first language)
Clinton scum
Why should anyone vote for either of them
You're either voting for the criminal or the other criminal. Congrats you fucking idiots. Could have voted Bernie and Kaisch.
"me a liberal, me think trump lie, me like watch TV, TV good, TV not lie" "me dumb liberal"
Bill Clinton is a sick fuck!
http://superpay.me/members/withdraw/list.php?refid=528678
earn fairly good extra money here.
But Trump said mean things!


Hey I don't like Trump either, but I'd much rather vote for a guy who may say controversial things other than somebody who should be in prison.
October 9th after the Trump thing? Political games people... Do your research before you vote and don't believe the media. "May the odds ever be in your favor."
She waited like 20 years to expose the clintons....why?
Hillary has paid so much to have the media cover past issues trump had not nearly as bad as Hillary killing Americans indirectly in Benghazi.  About time something against Hillary
I can't watch the full interview. The Clintons need to be in jail.
This whole thing is a f#cking joke. 
People think this is some sort of reality show! 
Wake up everyone! 
Is no one thinking of the true consequences of electing either one of these jackases as US PRESIDENT??????
My heart just broke just watching this
I doubt a man can get another erection in five minutes.
Its possible to ban certain in the comments, thats why some comments dissapear...
Lmao lying sack of shit. Enjoy your 15 minutes, Meryl Streep.
Bitch people get raped everyday!
she's convincing but I think she's lying, nobody that's been raped would be on National TV talking about it.
How desperate do you have to be to sexually assault Ms Piggy? lol
you all know we're fucked no matter who we choose right?
It's almost too late America, strap in for a rigged election. Hillary has your back everyone, just make sure you know which Hillary it is. 

My God, this country is asleep at the wheel.
she swore an affidavit the nothing untoward had happened....she is a lying old cunt that should drop dead...
Is this true or is it a Trump attack against Clinton?When you look at the timing it looks like a Trump attacking Clinton and not true.
oh my god shoot her now
oh my god shoot her now
this woman is lying
The moderators blew this off when Trump brought it up during the debate. Wtf? This is very serious, multiple women. Not just one looking for a handout. Twisted media.
She is old
The clintons are evil people. Sad to say, her supporters would vote for her no matter what.
Hahahahahahahahahahaha look at this white trash. Sorry, but you're not winning an oscar this year! #sorrybutnotsorry
Donald trump supporters all of you maker her remember this
Trump sexualiy harasses and insults women and Hillary is married and getting support from a confirmed rapist. I think we might be looking at the end of good ole Murica folks, my advice get out while you still can
I thought most women lie about being raped. Why, all of a sudden, are some of you believing this one? Very convenient.
why didn't she talk when bilL ran for president?
you idiot,,trump is no better !!! they all garbage people ,,half the politician raping little boys just about all of them,,the have fake boy schools built for children who have no parents and homeless as a cover to fuck these kids american government will burn for that alone.......man you crap on Clinton to go with trump you just as crazy they both are full of shit ,,,, all of the politician are ,WAKEUP
Lol I don't know if shes exaggerating, but I support Trump, so this is good.
Wait if he rape her in 1978 why she didn't say anything in the 1990s when Bill ran for president and why she is afraid of Hillary becoming president, wouldn't she had being more afraid when Bill became president?
1st am going to say this,  fck the political correctness. 
2nd Chomo and Rapist get no respect and if Bill did this, he's a dog. 
3rd my heart goes out to all rape victims, rapist and chomo are scums. 
4th you got raped twice, you blamed yourself and you blamed the man's wife, she said something to you and you thought it meant to hush-hush, did you ask her what she meant? 
5th Trump kissing chicks without permission and grabbing them by the pussy is sexual assault and sexual predators behavior, sounds like  how Bill  did to you,  start kissing on you and grabbing your crotch. 
6. it's very ironic, you blamed Hillary all those yrs, you went to court and the case is over, you dnt blame Bill, you blame Hillary, Hillary never raped you,  she never out right said she knew what you happened and she never out right threatened you, you was caught in the moment of guilt of what happened  and you just thought that's what she meant. 
7. it's also ironic, how Trump tapes didn't offend you when it came out, don't you advocate for rape victims, or its just yourself Trump and Hillary, his behavior on that tape is similar to sexual assault and more Ironic you're so hurt and yet that didn't faze you,  you turned around and help him by using your scars as a political strategy.
8. more ironic a sexual predator Trump after hearing that tape, is now the champion for rape victims, cause it benefits him, lady you just condone the same thing you said happened to you and you were scared about. 
9. told yall fck political correctness let's be raw. Trump has a lawsuit of raping a 13 yr old, still on going,  did you as a rape victim reach out to that 13 yrs old girl? 
10th.  you didn't reach out for that 13yr girl, why are you trying to speak out on behalf of someone that is also on trial for doing the samething  that happened to you. 
while am sorry for what happened, I think you just hate Hillary and you are not afraid of her and she's not going to hurt you, you just hate her and like Lewinsky, you're using your story for political purpose. since you think Trump is not like on that tape 11 yrs ago, why can't Hillary change,  Trump can change,  but Hillary can't.  that was 20yrs ago and Hillary been advocating for women since, if she fell short she made up for it and after the trial she never messed with you and you still scared of her? give me a break mam, get a grip, we see through what you're doing.
 you just pull victims of rape backwards, you should be against what happened on that tape,   but yet you backed it and still endorse Trump, you're a raped victim that became an opportunist and that's the damn truth.
Please!!!!!!!! you gotta know trump paying these people to speak out for him and a good penny to,,, that acting was superb
She twice in sworn testimony denied anything of the sort. This was not a doe eyed Monica we are talking about, either. So, which story am I supposed to believe? The one in her sworn testimony or the one she got paid for?
trump should go to jail for multiple sexual assaults.  fuck that orange Hitler.
To All American people. Please vote and pray America isin serious trouble. God bless America. We need Christ in America once again.
People ask how Clinton got away with raping this woman. He got away with it because she didn't report it. You can't wait years to report a rape and expect anyone to do anything about it. You have to do it immediately after the crime happens. I totally feel her pain, but she has no proof that it ever happened. I believe her. She's told the story quite a few times and she doesn't change it. However, at the time she was married to one man and having an affair with another man, one who became her current husband. Back then they would have crucified her in court because they would have brought her personal life in to use as evidence against her. Often rape victims are subjected to having their personal life dissected even though the rapist doesn't get the same treatment. Had she reported it immediately and had he been arrested though, he would have went on trial and he would have never become President of the United States. The statement she claims that Hillary Clinton said to her at one of his rallies/fund raisers years after the rape just doesn't ring true because it is something a candidate's wife would say to anyone to thank them for coming.  Also, why would Broaddrick as a rape victim attend a Clinton event?
liar.
is there a young photo of Juanita ?
lol lol. Breitbart paid her well. Bill isn't running,  Hillary is. 
#Clinton2016
haha trump is a loser
wow our system has double standards for the wealthy and officials
Clintons always get away with shit...
you can stop another rapist from becoming a president by not voting for Trump.  disgusting.
Bill and Cosby should make a show about rape would be killer
I think picking an random person off the street and throwing in the White House would be 10x better than this election.
Even if Bill Clinton did this why is she Clinton being blamed for anything? I honestly think this is a made up story by some trailer trash women that wants trump to win.
too bad bill isnt
 running for president.. lol... fake!
Ohh it's been so long and so hard to go into... - and yet she agreed to get paid and do the interview.
This breaks my heart
Who are the 3000 dislikes? This happened and her story has not changed for years its the same story and he even dose not talk about it at all to even say that it was false he just dose not say anything Bill. Must be the 3000 power players in Washington DC who are part of the Clinton gravy train.
Considering this is a extremely conservative channel (I'll go ahead a say yes, I am a democrat), I feel as if this is swayed heavily against the Clinton's. I also have noticed people in the comments saying that liberals will say "oh, of course liberals won't believe it", but to be fair, it is in its self UnAmerican to accuse them without any investigation or official rulings.
why come out and see this now
The hypocrisy of the left is real
Good thing he signed that rape legislation in 1993
fake as fuck, that woman has mind problem
so aussie thinks trump talking locker talk that happend 11 years ago vrs bill clinton rapeing for many many years is worse....BILL CLINTON RAPES!!!!!
As a rape survivor,the man that raped me tried to bit my nipples when I struggled.
To bad she's lying again. http://www.politicususa.com/2016/10/09/sworn-affidavit-juanita-broaddrick-denies-allegations.html This channel is Trump's media folks.
And the Oscar goes to......
http://www.politicususa.com/2016/10/09/sworn-affidavit-juanita-broaddrick-denies-allegations.html
People are actually disliking a rape victim telling her story.

The left lost all rights to defend rape culture this election. Funny season we're having.
What a load of Horse shit
Where's the proof? Could you kindly provide any sort of evidence including but not confined to video tapes, voice recorders or perhaps a piece of cloth that has Bill's semen on it? Otherwise shut the fuck up and continue listening to Donald's insulting and objectifying women. How could you stand alongside someone who belittle women so much while reliving your so-called miserable past? Meryl Streep's acting skill pales so much in comparison.
im so fucking hungry right now
Yea fuck Hillary but sadly her odds are high
#rapistbillly
Put this woman and her husband in prison! Anyone who thinks this woman is making this up is crazy!
Wow lock her up
Bill and Hillary need to be in prison for being career criminals... #clintons4prison
Anyone with basic knowledge of psychology can tell that she is lying. Also: According to the most basic rights people have in the legal system - Bill Clinton is innocent until proven guilty. Can't believe all the anti-democracy statements in the comments here. Makes me scared.
How much did trump pay you to do this?
Trump rapes my ears, which is worse than physical rape. American logic.
I didn't that know Hilary has a penis
if he did it he should go to jail but idk if Hilary knew exactly what happen or maybe she just thought was another affair of her husband
how exactly are they not in jail
Such devils the Clinton's are.  Just purely corrupt.
And people would still vote for Hillary. People are fucked in the head.
Bullshit
someone's worst memories should never have to become a media gimmick.
#RapeGate
f'


a
I really hope that Juanita comes out of this alive, the Clintons have been known to kill anyone who tells the truth about who they really are.
Hillary for prison 2016
This is BS.  Lies from desperate liars.  Trump actually raped his ex wife you hypocrites.
Wow, Hilary, you are Liar and Bill, you are a pig.
Donald Trump was a rape victim by me!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Bill Clinton Rapes them and Hillary intimidates them and covers them up.    Pure Evil. How can THE AMERICAN POLICE NOT ACT ON THIS REVELATION RIGHT NOW BEFORE HE COMMITS THIS AWFUL CRIME AGAIN THEY ARE SUPPOSED TO PROTECT AND SERVE.
This shit is hilarious and a joke just like the 2016 presidential election
She's either telling the truth, the greatest actress ever to be so emotional on command, or she is bat shit crazy.
TRUMP GET IN THE WHITE HOUSE !
DO NOT VOTE FOR THE DEVIL BILL CLINTONS WIFE
who the fuck rapes a women like that! she was ugly , fake!
Liberals show their real feelings about women. Its a hypocritical, and evil. 

they champion themselves as social justice warriors until the victim is someone that won't help their agenda. sick basted most of them. They are heartless fools.
PPL  WE NEED TO VOTE FOR TRUMP FOR YOUR SAKE And for America SAKE DONT LET Hillary deceive you
Can someone tell me how trump will "make America great again"? Since this is anti Hillary I'm assuming that there gonna be a lot of toxic trump supporters here and I actually kinda curious
if bill clinton raped her.... why? Monica was much better looking and willing! This looks like Trump's twin sister:)
Women back then were blamed and accused for everything and the man walked freely.  Luckily in the modern world today, we have brave  victims to speak up about their situations and give courage to other women that they finally can get justice for the crime those men committed.
How can some people think she is the one that needs to be in the presidency. God please help us!!
Some americans: OMG! Trump said some mean things and called others fat also he doesnt want illegal migrants in our country. Send him to prison, he is a horrible monster.

 Hilary protected rapists and lots of women came out who said they were raped by her husband. She also trash talked about eastern europeans.

The same americans: Those are just lies and Hilary is a good person. She also cares about migrants wuw.

The fuck is wrong with you people?
She should be ashamed of herself. Disgusting; not one ounce of class.
LOL America is fucking fucked .
Why isn't this son of a bitch a rapist being prosecuted?
House of cards !
Juanita , don't stay  with  that on your mind . It already has been there too long.. You doN,t deserve such a thing . Go meet a psy , a psy -women  if you want . Don't accept to be  his victim .Please.
Why are there so many dislikes? You liberals think Juanita is lying?
This is fake
Does this happen in America or in Russia, no police record or no arrest, she is a complete liar?
Trump has paid her over a $million.
Has anyone ever verified her story with evidence? Isn't that the usual procedure for finding out the truth? To be fair simply saying something is so doesn't make it so, at least not in this country.
grandma have never been under 300lbs
BILL IS NOT RUNNING FOR PRESIDENCY!!!! DAMN!
Oh come on guys, i don't like hillary, but this is so fake. This is just crowd control and it's a pretty good move by republicans.
Until this is looked into further than just a fringe internet news account I won't buy it. 
To big of a story to be "hidden".
why does this sound bullshitty
How much did trump pay u hags?
Hillary knows and controls everything.  Funny thing is with Control Freaks,  they cant control everything and the truth finally comes out.
I feel bad for this lady for what happened to her, but in the light of the coming election, this is related to Hillary because when Hillary looked at her, she had a gut feeling that Hillary knew about the rape?  Did Hillary actually told her to be quiet or did she got that from a feeling as well?  Looks to me like both women are victims here?
piece of shit  Clintons
WHAT A trump PROPOGANDA :)
BUT DID YOU KNOW, THAT trump SUPPORTED B. CLINTON AT THOSE SCANDAL DAYS.
JUST 2 FACES BASTARD - TRUMP.
seriosly he raped her?? is it true? he sure has a weird taste
This is sad, i hate how she has to remember it again so she could tell what happened. Bill Clinton should get some time in prison, this is rape nd abuse
Paula Dean
Looks like she missed that email.....
There's always two sides to the story, if Bill did rape you then I'm sorry and my heart goes to you.. But you know who didn't rape you that night? Hillary.. Vote Hillary 2016.
Funny Trump Is Still Going To Lose....... So You Racist Cunts Be Gone!!!!! #ILoveTurtles
Trump 2016
i loathe donald trump but you can tell she isntelling the truth, notice she doesnt start showing emotion until she recalls the rape.
Why aren't they interviewing any of the women who accused Donald Trump of rape? Including of a 14 year old
You're all just upset because this fat stupid bitch has already had her story debunked. Meanwhile Trump has a rape allegation from an ex-wife on court documents and he raped a 13 year old girl at one of Jeffrey Epstein's parties. Defend his actions for once.
God bless you Juanita for exposing Bill Clinton.  HILLARY HAS A VERY FOUL MOUTH, WHILE IN THE WHITE HOUSE AS FIRST LADY, SHE CURSED LIKE A LONGSHOREMAN,... using the "F" & "N" word constantly against the Secret Service, she also had an affair with Webster Hubble, the Mayor of Little Rock, Ark. who fathered her daughter Chelsea who looks exactly like him.
absolutely fucking disgusting, fuck the clintons.
disgusting
Main stream media will make sure hillary wins =   WE ARE ALL SCREWED!!!!!!!!   PLEASE VOTE!!!!!!
Girlfriend - I'm proud of you. Not everyone could share something so heinous, personal, frightening and which leaves you powerless. 
You truly are a hero to women all over the world. God Bless You. 
PS - the Hilderbeast will never see the White House again if Mr Trump and sane Americans have anything to say about it. 
Let's give the Hilderbeast a padded pink windowless room for contemplation. Straight jacket included free of charge.
That would be the best Therapy for her to develop a bit of empathy.
Bill ? :(   Is beyond repair.
The Clintons are unbelievably criminal. they both need locked up.
I find it funny how the left is always believing the victim in rape cases until it's Bill's rapes.
More proof hilary us a lier like ive been saying for the longest
Breitbart such a well known none bias source.  Don't get me wrong all media is bias but at least some try hard not to be
bill must of have that good sick
It's funny how she just came out but not when bill he was running for office or during when he got caught. Seems pretty fishy to me
This is going to trigger so many cucks and liberals. First Wikileaks leaves them and now one of their favorite modern Presidents is being called out for being a rapist while they were talking about mean comments from 11 years ago. 

Also, Trump crushed Hillary in that 2nd debate. That line about jail and Abe was awesome. Everyone laughed. Roasted.
everyone please share these videos
I'm not voting for Hillary, but I'm not buying this bullshit either. I know an opportunist when I see one.
Oh come on! I don't like Hillary or bill. But seriously? She's still afraid? "Afraid when Hillary becomes president that something will happen to her." Seriously? She's like 90 something now. Why would they even bother with her? She's a joke and this whole thing should be taken as such.  The thing about rape, Is anyone can claim to be raped by anyone. And no one would ever know the truth, except for the person being accused and the accuser. Everything else is hearsay, and this is just a blatant attack on the Clinton families character. (which isn't needed, they do enough damning of their name on their own). But I get it. This is the answer to trumps leaked mic conversation.
Still wanna know how trump is racist
Have all the SJW Libtards watch this. This woman was telling the truth. ALL OF IT was truth. Not a little bit of truth mixed in with lies like how mainstream media does.
WOW...Bill a real scum
This was such a difficult video, for her to do and for me to watch.  I was just curious about who she would be.  Right from the get-go felt she was a tormented adult woman.  Such an awful memory for her to have.  It broke my heart to listen and see her.  For her to be frightened after all these year is just so totally awful.  I believe every word she said and I pray that she will be released from this terrible, traumatic pain and no longer suffer.
Bill is a pedophile also. One of his filthy rich  best friends owns an island where they pass around children like candy. look it up. He should be under a prison!
As I watched this video my heart broke for her, and tears rolled down my cheeks. I'm a 60 year old male who has seen first hand, how a rape can almost totally destroy a woman in  numerous ways, for the remainder of her life afterwards.
Bill and Hillary Clinton scumbags of this earth
It's ok to not have the interviewer miked, if he's not going to appear on screen.
But, if you're going to cut to him, you really should have a mic on him.

Because conventions.
Innocent until proven guilty.
I do feel bad for her, however, I don't feel like there is any solid evidence of this.
Is it also a coincidence that this video was released after Trump's video?
Breitbart is also politically biased and among the least reliable news sources.

Respond with constructive criticism. You'll look like a stereotype if you respond with unreasonable points.
Donald did not want to go here but the hypocrisy was too much.read Roger Stones book so sad
total bs here. what a paid actor
Trump supporters: claiming another person did it first does not make trump innocent of his sexual assaults .
You liberal assholes don't understand she has been saying this for decades but the MSM won't report on it
Wtf is gonna happen to America,we got to devils to choose from now, we had some decenct candidate choices back then like Bernie but some people were too blind, now we only have these two to choose from. Fuckkkkk
Can we divide the country in half by republicans and democrats? That way democrats can run their own sh*t into the ground and leave us out of it. Better yet once it happens we can invade them because we're not gun hating pussies, then we have our country back. That's my proposed plan, anyone wanna vote for me?
I am shocked
Wtf is going on
this conveniently comes out after proof surfaces about Trump's misogyny right, i would like to see her bank statements
I don't honestly believe her about Bill, but I do believe her about Hillary. Hillary is a bitch and have a bad temper.
my question. why telling the story now? because is lies...
has this been to court !?!?
Bill isn't running for president.
Y'all American. Crazy.   This is why. The world is so fucked up. I have no idea if she is really a victim or  acting or other things  and don't say. Watch how she is. Crying blah blah blah.  I'm sick  of both  Donald and. Bill are sexual offenders.  But why the fuck they. Do all this interviews. Now ?  Trump supporters  are blind by saying. Bill is a pig and a scumbag. And not being able to accept what trump said in the tape that's just. Stupid ....  like common if this women. Was really sexually abused.  It is not cruel making her. Go all over it. Again ?!
Lol.  More false propaganda from well known racists & conspiracy theorists of Breitbart.
How any woman can vote for Hillary is beyond me
Yeah but Trump called people bad names.
I've liked this video 5 times now and each time the like is deleted. Fuck off YouTube, stop trying to force this video of the trending page.
Trump 2k16
Trump says some middle school shit about women over a decade ago, and Bill Clinton over here raping people and Hillary using scare tactics to keep them quiet, whilst promoting anti-rape propaganda. Vote trump please.
And HRC demonizes these women victims... Totally despicable. Anyone listening to this knows this woman is not lying.
She seems to be lying...was there a case that went to trial?
This is a brave woman, sadly I won't be surprised if we find out of some kind o unnatural death that we all know the Clinton foundation has orchestrated towards countless people that stand in their way.
Trump supporter logic-
Bill Clinton accused of rape: "Bill Clinton is a rapist"
Donald Trump accused of rape: "meh"
disperate attempts to bring Hillary down be like..  bullcrap!
1:05 CIA?
https://www.buzzfeed.com/scout4044/how-jesse-pinkman-from-breaking-bad-would-view-the-2l5qd
Are you idiots forgetting that trump has been accused of raping a 13 year old girl in 1994?
I don't believe everything I hear or see. Where's the evidence?
Bill is a dick...  i am voting for Hillary
Girl bye
There is nothing to see here folks. Now move along.
funny under oath that is not what she said ! did she purger herself ?
Is it true that she didn't go to anyone after this happened? That she just continued to support and do work for his campaign? That she attended a dinner fundraiser for his campaign after he raped her?
This is fake... How are people this dumb... Just an other poor person being paid by trump. No class
Oh my god bill became a zombie vampire dog and bit my lips off and grabbed me by the pussy while Evil Hillary watched
So easy for woman to cry rape whenever they want something. 

Actual rape victims should be disgusted.
I can't vote for a so called woman running for the Oval Office while been supportive to a rapist like Bill. Hillary and Trump can go to hell for what I care!!
6:53 - The only way for Hillary to have known anything is if Bill had told her.  So JB's story requires that Bill said to his wife, "I had sex with this woman."  Either that, or Hillary knew her husband so well that it was obvious that JB would be one of the kinds of women that Bill would have had sex with.  More than that, JB is saying that Hillary also knew that what happened was non-consensual.

2:51 - On the topic of consent, this is the first time I've heard a woman stating that "...he did it again", in a case of rape.  I expect that people who study such crimes have stats on how common it might be for a man to force himself on a woman more than a single time while the woman is continually expressing objection to what is happening.

These two points in the video are difficult for me to comprehend.  So maybe someone can explain these in a way that makes sense to me.  I would have liked to have heard the interviewer ask about it himself.  Something like:
- How do you think Hillary came to know what happened?
- After the first time ended, what effort did you make to get away?
you christians are the worst kind of Creation that I can't say humans I hope you all kill yourselfs!!
Hillary running not Bill, these allegations are decades old, no guilty verdict,  in short bullshit. 

If,  Hilary did do what this woman suggests,  she wouldn't be the first human being to believe in the person they love over the claims of a stranger. 

nothing to see here.
Why is everyone angry at Trump and Hillary. YOU GUYS ARE THE ONE WHO NOMINATED THEM!!! This is literal your faults!!!
Look at all of these comments trying to ignore this and give excuses...........liberals are defending a rapist now......man how the true colors of the political parties have been exposed this election. I have done a complete 180 and for now on the only thing I have towards the democratic party is a big steaming pile of shit.
Hey Trump Repeat after me: 
Bill Clinton is not running for president
Bill Clinton is not running for president
Bill Clinton is not running for president
Bill Clinton is not running for president
Bill Clinton is not running for president
Bill Clinton is not running for president
I love that they bring this out now in hopes of it overshadowing was this generations Hitler (Trump) said about that woman.
How come they didn't come out when he was President? and he ain't running for office either...moot point!
i mean he almost bit her lip off??? wtf
at first I didn't believe it. but then when I saw her chins. I immediately thought that is something bill Clinton would be into
Sorry.   I am voting for Bill.  Trump will get us all killed.
The Media is pro-rape.
Anyone who thinks this is bad just should listen to the leaked Trump video. He...he...he wanna kiss beautiful women........True story, not making it up.
Sick and very sad for what this women went through. What the Clintons have done and the people they left in their wake!
I mean let's be honest the rape is probably true, this is bill Clinton, but The acting is fake af.
Can we just please cancel this election? I'm not voting for any of these assholes.
fuck this bitch why now?
Wow! This video has only been up for less than a day and has half a million views! YES!!!
If this is acting then why is this women not playing every old women role on television? Because this hits you very emotionally!
lol Wtf you lyingggggg 
stop fucking lying
What a sick, sick man. That poor woman. Hillary is just as sick as her husband.
payed by Trump
Donald Trump is a rapist! Release your divorce papers!! http://www.independent.co.uk/news/people/donald-ivana-trump-divorce-papers-battle-lawsuit-rape-allegation-marriage-settlement-private-a7294071.html
I find it so weird how much anti trump propaganda there is. At least now there is anti propaganda towards the clintons through this unfortunate circumstance
I was raped by her royal majesty herself.
Well...Have Fun Proving it in court.
You SHOULD be afraid...  Hillary has a history of silencing people in your position.
Fuck Hillary fuck trump we fucked both ways.....
this is so fake, I can't say the same about the rape, but the acting is fake af.
The CIA and the FBI found that tape of trump in 2005 so it would help Hillary, because they can make Hillary do whatever they want, trump not so much. (#thetruth)
This is a weird election
holy shit what the fuck. who would dislike this video?
white supremacist scum will cry when bill clinton moves BACK into whitehouse.

too bad silly ALT right, you should have picked a better nominee
I don't know if Bill raped her but I would not doubt he had sex with her. She said under oath that bill did not rape her and nothing went forward but that was 20yrs ago. Maybe Hillary threatened her. Who knows. The fact remains that there is no perfect candidate and humans are obsessed with sex. We deny sexual behavior act outraged and this diminishes real rape that occurs. Women may be frightened to speak out to yell and scream to fight back. DONT GET YOURSELF INTO ANY SITUATION YOU CANT GET OUT OF. Practice saying NO firmly do not accept drinks from strangers have friends around with you etc.
The reaction was very real, I believed her, so it just means, our president, is going to be a rapist, con artist and liar, 16- 20 is going to be historic as the dark ages
Both candidates suck ass .  Worst election ever ...  vote for Bernie !!!
Dammit what kind of reporter is this? "So while he was raping you the second time...how long did it take him (you know, before he jacked in you)?" Oh and "what was going on in your mind dear rape victim?" Wth.
Still with Hillary? This is how a rape victim looked like, feminists!
Lol
hard on thots
This poor lady's life was ruined by Bill Clinton. Hillary knew what Bill was. She stayed with him for political expediency. I'm not religious, but God has forsaken us if he allows a rapist back into the white house.
i don't know anymore i just don't know who should win i went through this to and trump is like a bully i just don't know who is going to make america beautiful the way it was
Shut up you fat bitch.
Hillary Clinton looks way better than her. Don't believe this shit.
I get the feeling that Trump paid her
why do these alleged rape victims speak out right now during the presidential debates and election why not speak out those many years ago this dont make sense im not defending her just every rape victim speaks out at the right moment not the day tommorow after the sexual assault no they wait many years until their predator is on a good day or something good is happening to them smh
WHAT THE FUCK YOUTUBE ??

ALL of the pro Hillary's comments are AT THE TOP of the commentary section even though they have LESS UPVOTES and were posted LATER than the pro Trump's comments !

The people saying that this woman is a slut and that she is lying with roughly 200 upvotes are placed AT THE VERY TOP of this comment section while the ones showing compassion for her sufferings with a thousand upvotes ARE AT THE VERY BOTTOM.

HOW MUCH MORE BIASED CAN YOU GET YOUTUBE ?
This is more fake than those ads on pornhub that says Jenny is one mile down and ready to fuck
YEAH UR RIGHT
But Trump is the real bad guy here.
if anyone has ever listen to a person and cared about others and ever remorse for someone know that this is 100% real crying I' get all teared up watching this and I'm not a emotional guy much
Sorry to burst your bubble but... they paid her to speak but its rigged
Can we have Obama for another 4 years?
trash talking business man

or wife of a rapist?
SMH rape victim going to the Presidential Debate to support a man who says he sexually assault women. Ok whatever!!
This is so not true
She is mexican so she likes to get raped, its in their nature said Trump.
I don't understand why does this needs to affect Hilary? she didn't rape her? I don't know something smells fishy though.
Emmy-material shit right here.
bless her heart, you poor thing, and thank you for your bravery, honey!!! We can see how very painful this is for you even now, but just know that your courage is really making a big difference in so many things right now!!!
Bob the builder cant fix this...
I'm sorry but she's totally lying. I've worked in the retail industry years and years. I can read people so easily and she's playing the victim when most likely it was two consenting adults.
If this was real, why wasn't there a charge against him at that time. They could have taken dna evidence and made it a big case. What happened, ? I belive she is a good woman, but I don't believe it to be true.
omg..I feel so bad for this woman.damn those Clinton's.they have no shame.and should never ever be in our government.this is no joke.and who ever votes Hillary has no soul no heart and thinks what happened to her is ok and should be ashamed.sick bill.just sick.
Jill Hart made a very credible accusation of Donald Trump groping her in his own wife's bedroom without her consent and all Trump supporters are now attacking her. You republicans are great at double standards.
"NO NO SHE LYIN U LIE, U TRYIN TO GET TRUMP ELECTED, U LIE." - Terrible people

1. Trump was never mentioned in the video.
2. She came out with this in 1999, years before this election.
3. There are witnesses confirming Bill went with Juanita to that room.
4. Go fuck yourself you amoral bastard.
It's funny how all this happens AFTER the video of trump comes out 
Hillary, her donors, and globalist endorsers wants to shut down Breitbart and other Information sources. Radio stations are getting shut down, YouTube and Twitter censoring, and next taking people guns away. Really sad to see people still supporting them.
I hope Juanita Broaddrick knows that her candidate also insulted her http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/flashback-donald-trump-called-bill-clintons-accusers-terrible/story?id=42686582&cid=abcnp_tco
So sad Bill still got voted into office.
Trump should have said to Hilary "you pride yourself on being a champion of women and children yet you went after the women your husband raped and voluntarily represented a child rapist and blamed the 12 year old victim.What sick person voluntarily defends a child rapist?
Lol are you seriously going to NOT vote for Hillary because she did that ??? Those girls were just " vapid sluts, total trash that no one was going to believe anyways " ( quoting Hillary Clinton. ) It's just a few death threats against rape victims, it's not that bad.
this women is a lying old cunt.. Bill could do way better than her.
another article on this topic is here   http://www.huffingtonpost.com.au/entry/why-the-new-child-rape-ca_b_10619944
My dear god that poor woman having to be interviewed by a completely insensitive robotic man!!! I mean can you imagine someone showing no emotion while you tell them these deep, dark things!!! I mean truly imagine shriving the most horrific moment of your life to someone who could be seemingly talking about the wether. He could have showed her some care and more affection!! This poor woman - - I send her my light and love - - I send her my light and love <3 To let her heal <3
She herself denied the rape allegations, in a sworn affidavit, in 1990s so why now? Well, we all know why. Here is a quote in which she denies the allegations, and THREE sites that ran the story (NPR, Washington Post & Vox):

"During the 1992 Presidential campaign there were unfounded rumors and stories circulated that Mr. Clinton had made unwelcome sexual advances toward me in the late seventies," she said. "Newspaper and tabloid reporters hounded me and my family, seeking corroboration of these tales. I repeatedly denied the allegations and requested that my family's privacy be respected. These allegations are untrue and I had hoped that they would no longer haunt me, or cause further disruption to  my family." 

http://www.npr.org/2016/10/09/497291071/a-brief-history-of-juanita-broaddrick-the-woman-accusing-bill-clinton-of-rape
http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-srv/politics/special/clinton/stories/affidavit122398.htm

And here is a long, detailed account of the story from Vox site:

http://www.vox.com/2016/1/6/10722580/bill-clinton-juanita-broaddrick
Literally more than half of the people commenting on here weren't even alive when bill was president.
MAIN MEDIA protects the Clintons NEVER report the truth..too worried about what Trump said 11 years ago ACTIONS SPEAK LOUDER THAN WORDS ...these are the women that Hillary called LIARS, BIMBOS ..WAKE UP AMERICA.
It's only hatred against women if it's convenient for you Hillary nazis. If something like this came out about trump you people would be rioting in the streets
As much as I despise the Clintons, I can't just believe this woman without any supporting evidence. 
Even if she cries really loudly.

I can however; believe that Hillary would hypothetically cover up for Bill's sexual escapees to keep him in power.
This poor old senile women.
I don't believe her.
with all the time and $$ Ken Star spent in the 90s to crucify Bill Clinton...this didn't come up. hmm... I wonder why?
Trump better win
what a coincidence that trump got these woman who were raped/sexually molested by bill right after trump got caught for sexual assult these ladies are paid by trump
wait for evidence before you start believing this.
but what about the Trump allegations that he raped a thirteen year old?
Nice touch at the end, breitbart. How much did you have to pay them to cry? Great lighting and setup there, with willey (who testified bill never touched her under oath) saying "it's not your fault". Yeah, that wasn't staged. You dirty cocksuckers, this will not work:

Get a swallow of this;

http://www.realclearpolitics.com/epolls/2016/president/2016_elections_electoral_college_map_no_toss_ups.html

340 electoral votes for hillary.  OUCH!!!
she's lying
Whoever disliked this has no heart.
This is sad and btw this isn't the only woman bill raped so whoever says she is acting is dumb
Fighting rape confessions with rape confessions, eh, republicans? Unfortunately, here we just have baseless "eyewitness" testimony. Trump literally gloated about how he does it.
are you people kidding me first thing first bill Clinton is the one who did these things if its true he is the only person at fault. Second are you people really tell me that Hillary Clinton is at fault for choosing to believe her husband. Because I call that a good women its not her fault that the person she put her faith in was a liar.
The question is should a little rape cost any man or woman the presidency ? 
I know this is a very serious video but all I can think about is that lady sounds exactly like Tree Trunks from Adventure Time.
They put Bill Cosby in jail for the same reason but Bill Clinton can walk around free. wtf kind of country are we living in
She [Broaddrick] wants her 15 minutes of fame. And, presumably, a box of donuts. What she NEEDS however - is a stairmaster.
Here comes the Clinton zombies from their Bernie Sander's basements to defend a rapist and his criminal sociopathic wife. Watch out people their foaming at the mouth.
Look I'm English so I understand I may not have a say in this. I also think this is terrible an any women who went through something like this is terrible. But. Why when his wife is running for leadership an not him? It confuses me. I don't understand
Isis for president 
clowns for vice president



jk
pffft no proof
Donald Trump apologized for the scandal, we've never heard anything from Clinton
Both Donald Trump and Bill Clinton had been accused of rape more than once. They also were both close friends with Jeffrey Epstein, billionaire convicted sex offender who threw lavish parties that both attended. The parties featured underaged girls some as young as 12, paid and sometimes coerced/forced to perform sex acts for Epstein and his guests.

If you don't believe me, Google it.

None of us were there. When the stakes are so high sometimes desperate and abhorrent lies are made to prevent a candidate from being elected. On the other hand, most rape victims are telling the truth. I say let the courts decide this, and focus on their stances on the issues.
This presidential race is all bullshit...I know more about each candidates personal life than the issues they stand for and their plans for it...this whole race is complete shit
yes he is a scum of the earth as Donald Trump but is not Hilary's fault you idiot
Alright Bill Clinton did some pretty bad stuff..
Donald Trump did some bad stuff too..
But who are you trying to find dirt on? To hopefully change the ways the polls are looking.
Your actual candidate. 
Or the candidates husband.
Hillary literally said fat check him like in fat. Just imagine if it had been trump who had uttered anything that sound or had any semblance to fat towards Hilary. I have no doubt the whole media would be crucifying him for days or weeks unend as it would be played nonstop on air. Double standards and biased shown by the media. The masquerade under the canopy of impartiality while intimating their desire and support for Hilary. I have never hated anything like I hate the media. I even cancelled my New York Times subscription. I am asking anyone to cancel their subscription for any biased outlet of news. I have no doubt trump would win. This was exactly what happened with the Brexit voting. The media kept saying it won't happened. Guess what, it did. Same would be the case on November 8th.
this is very sad my heart aches for these women Juanita is Brave in this video very difficult to relive and talk about these details was so glad to see the women at the debate just to see the look on Bill Clinton's face was worth a thousand words
This video may convince many women not to vote for Bill Clinton.. or for that matter, Donald Trump. Two guys each in their own way disrespectful of many women and each accused or rape by multiple people.
Why vote another Bill into office? These rape accusations are disconcerting. Hillary is the only candidate not accused of rape. [and her tax plan, along with many things described at her website, trump Trump's pretty badly.] Easy choice nov 8. .. unless you think it's ok, to hurt women, keep them down, defer to horny males and bosses no matter what, and have the economy again head south from giveaways to the rich at the cost of the middle class.]

If Trump knows one thing well, it's bankruptcy.. oh, and he also knows not paying taxes to not support our military fairly well (actually, he knows how to lie and contradict video evidence rather excellently).
this lady is full of shit...she changed her story once to many before look it up...it's just a last hope for fucken #strumpidity to cover his recording...the man or should i say son of a bitch can't be trusted 2 run this country in which he did not pay taxes for several years that's not american like...so dump trump
omg she needs to die
you guys really think the PRESIDENT is gonna rape this woman lmao
All these dumb liberal comments saying "lol I wonder why this came out now" when she originally came out and has been public about this since 1999 and tons of other women have accused him also of rape. Liberals are so stupid and evil that they are willing to call a rape victim a liar without even spending FIVE SECONDS on google. Seriously, I'm not even voting for trump, but if you are calling this woman a liar fuck you you are subhuman garbage.
So in a way they've both done or said terrible things to women.
djt is a dirty bitch
kkkk female trump
caca
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE what Trump is doing here. Liberals are always saying how the victims of sexual assault and rape should be trusted. So in order to dismiss this attack, they must also dismiss their own rhetoric.
So America has to choose between a rapist's wife and a sexist doofus. Good luck!
Hilary is ok with Bill getting stranger head. not a far stretch here!
This is why they paid her 800,000 dollars to shut her up! the Clintons are dogs. I hope Trump Gets to be President.
Stop lumping all liberals as idiots, it just shows how ignorant you are.
This is terrible..... Its ridiculus that that mans wife can claim to be "for woman" when she totally knows about this.
I think she's lying.
I'm surprised she's still alive. All it takes is a new era car malfunction. aka Micheal Hastings
Liberals have no problem covering up rapes like the the 1400 girls that were raped in Rotherham, or the mass rapes committed in Germany, when it contradicts their narrative
How convenient just in time for the debate.Clearly Trump is desperate bringing this woman to lie for him because he wants to distract people from his lewd sexual harassing comments about women. Bill Clinton is not running for president he already payed for what he did bringing his past is not relevant to this election. This is clearly a ploy to distract the people from his own despicable actions  sexually harassing women touching women in their privates because he's a star this is not acceptable for any person let alone a candidate for the presidency.
trump raped a 13 year old girl google it, youll get more hits that pill Cosby
damn she look good but ugly
Lower lower lower.................. now you're standards are set listen to the bullshit. Not true now and wasn't true then. But since you listen to trump Liars must be your forte.
Bill Clinton/Serial sex offender and nymphomaniac. This should be the proper title  for a man who's sexually crimes are a mile long. On side note he needs to acknowledge his boy Danney Williams who looks like his twin..
Hillary "We need to beleive all sexual assault and rape victims"

Juanita "Bill raped me"

Hillary "[REDACTED]"
Dear God,
Please kill Trump and Clintons.
Amen.
Hillary you bitch.
I wonder how much the trump campaign paid this woman to bring this backup and make her relive this, must be a large amount.
This is awful, but I just wanted to say that Bill and Hilary are two different people, but that in no way justifies what happened, but for all we know Hilary just thought it was another affair. I'm not sure what to think right now about it but I don't want to jump to conclusions in either direction.
hahaha liberals coming and saying she's a paid actor.
Please oh Lord do not let Hilary win.
I feel like my hands are tied. I'm going to vote for Hillary because I'm scared shitless of trump but this is just so saddening, I feel that Hillary will be less dangerous than trump but to what extent? I'm genuinely scared for all of our futures...
This needs more views. Meanwhile liberals rage at Trump for locker room banter.
I dislike the Clintons just as much as the next sane person, but is there any evidence to back up these claims?

I'd rather not be a hypocrite and believe the victim regardless of the evidence only when it suits me.

I'm not going to turn into an SJW and believe that people accused of rape are guilty until proven innocent just because the accused is Bill Clinton.
Bill needs to be in jail.
Bring Bernie back
She looks like Donald Trump in disguise.
Election 2016: Scum and Scummer
I call bullshit
This bitch clearly lying, bout ugly as shit, ain't no one wanna smash u hoe.
This is fake
why the fuck would bill clinton  rape a woman? is he not the president of united states or a fucking criminal?????
VIAGRA will NOT be covered under Clinton health plan.
This country is sad... both candidates are stupid clowns and honestly I think we're better off with no government at this point
i really like

C  H  E  E  S  E
It's sad but what does this have to do with Hillary why be afraid of her she won't rape anyone
Now she decides to come out hmm
So many cases like this one for Billie Clitor and yet still these liberals a) blame victim or b) say it is all acting and bought by Trump. Such a large country and yet you still as candidates for presidency can't find anyone good enough. Says a lot about America as country. Only rigged social media and nothing else.
Crack that fucker with a bat to the skull
Bill and Hillary Clinton is going to Rote in Hell for what they have done to these poor innocent women.
This woman already publicly admitted that she lied about this at the time when several other women were proven to be lying about Bill Clinton sex allegations. Now that she has a chance to get some attention though, the story is BACK ON!
As soon as I saw all these rape victims show up at the debate, I believed them 100%.
Bullshit
Disgusting
hillary clinton is okay with rape

as long as she becomes president

the entire clinton family belongs in Guantanamo
The pro trump comments are being deleted...
I swear this years elections are even more scandalous and interesting than the House Of Cards..
LOL of course all the trumplets are going to flock to this one llittle video and upvote each other, it's hilarious and pathetic at the same time.
Killary Killinton
This is so sad :(
This is so fucking retardedly fake. Fuck people. Its fucking ridiculously disgusting what fake shit people will say to get something in return. If you believe this old ugly bitch than please jump off the nearest cliff. This is literally the epitome of one of the biggest flaws in human behavior and psychology. So many fucking pussies lie about serious shit, if they can find the opportunity, to make people feel bad for them, so they can get something. All things considered this is clearly what is happening here
This is bull 
this from the woman who in the past denied the rape ever happened TWICE in court.
BICH ass is lying fuck that hoe. She probably a republican
I hate that bill did this but I don't see how this mirrors to hating hillary she didn't send him to go rape her.
I am so confused, all the people who follow Add to Add to Brietbart's own Milo usually detest throwing out the presumption of innocence, unless it now doesn't benefit their political narrative. Frustrated me, be consistent, I agree its wrong for society to charge the College Students who are accused of rape to be tried in public and lose before they are proven guilty or innocent in a court of law.
I am 12 so can someone try to explain in a non biased way what happened...
This Is fucking pathetic propaganda against Hilliary's campaign. Honestly, Trumps supporters will do anything to defend their conservative bigotry. Where was this story 10 months ago?
i vote for Juanita Broaddrick to take a lied detector, then i vote for Hillary cause rump  Trump always blames the clintons for his ,own womanizing mouth,,
I hope bill Clinton gets blown to shreds. both of the candidates are shit
Trump probably did this shit to woman too and it just hasn't been reported. Bill Clinton should be banned from the white house.
I don't support trump. I don't support Hillary. I also don't believe what this woman is saying for one second.
watching this makes me wanna buy a little derringer for my little sister or loved ones for emergency. its never too late to start protecting yourself now...... scumbags likes bill dont deserve to get away crimes like this
To all the people saying that it's convenient that this is coming out after Trump's leaked audio tape:

Mind you the Trump tape dropped right after WikiLeaks gave proof of Clinton, on record, saying that she supports open borders and has become "far removed from the middle class".
How much were they paid...just curious
Bill Clinton is not runing for president so fuck off
bill Clinton whish he is not running for office and Trump are rapist there done let's move to elect some clown to our office geez so what idiot should I vote for a clown or the other clown !
Professional rape counselors were shown the video interview done by Lisa Myers at NBC Dateline 2/24/1999. They all believed she was telling the truth.
LET ALL THE TRUTH BE KNOWN OF THIS ANIMAL! horny toads!
The only things bill loves are money, other women except hillary, and balloons
I have a question to ask everybody are you guys want another 4 years of Obama are you guys want to make a change in Washington DC if you guys want to make a change in Washington DC vote for Donald Trump 2016
Trump audio gets leaked then this surfaces. I'm not a conspiracy theorist but I gotta say this is to much. America please wake up and realize what we are getting ourselves into.
Everyone should like and share this video everywhere. Facebook, Twitter, email, forums, Craigslist, re-upload on YouTube, etc.
Hey she used Trump's favorite word "vicious"...
"More news for During the 1992 Presidential campaign there were unfounded rumors and stories circulated that Mr. Clinton had made unwelcome sexual advances toward me in the late seventies. Newspaper and tabloid reporters hounded me and my family, seeking corroboration of these tales. I repeatedly denied the allegations and requested that my familys privacy be respected. These allegations are untrue and I had hoped that they would no longer haunt me, or cause further disruption to my family."

Uh, huh. Okay Breitbart.
Google Clinton rape and do your own research. Good place to start is the NBC Dateline story that aired 2/24/1999. Lisa Myers who did the story,  after all the research told Juanita Broaddrick. "The problem isn't that you are not credible, it's that you are TOO credible. http://www.mrctv.org/videos/full-dateline-nbc-juanita-broaddrick-bill-clinton-raping-her
what top lip?
Bullshit
first this woman is not telling the true story. second bill did a lot of bad things but he is not running for president and saying these thing is just another excuse for people who would vote for trump even if he was a total rapist liar cheater and bigot.. oh yeah he is and you stupid people are still voting for him Hillary is not any of these things grow up and admit you approve of who donald trump is and stop trying to make excuses!
Old bitch sit down somewhere
I bet trump pay her to say that
Pretty sure Hillary is running for president, not this Bill guy.
Mainstream media would never show this on TV as you very well know how disgustingly biased they are.
Bill... Bill... Bill.... Cosby?
FAKE GAY AND SCRIPTED
There's a young lady out there somewhere, who said donald trump raped her when she was a child. Maybe she was only thirteen yrs. old. I wonder if it's true?
First lie, she said she was 120lb back then. I'm done haha
If your name starts with "Bill C." you are a confirmed rapist, Examples: Bill Cosby, Bill Clinton. 
More Bill C's coming soon!
She's a good actor
seperate personal from politics.
Timing just seems to convenient for Trump in this election...
This election is a shitshow
He grabbed her by her pussy -Trump
She is so brave.
Dear Lord, this poor woman! 
The Clintons are Savage Animals. 
What kind of lowlife could support them?!
What I don't get is why wasn't this brought up when Bill was running for president? This is too sketchy for me to believe on what this fat cunt is saying, in other words, "I SMELL BULLSHIT!"
Trump 2016!
This is called misdirection. Trump is trying to change the focus. Bill isnt even running for president and should not matter.  He should just not be allowed in the white house if she becomes president. I wouldnt vote for either so dont think that im all about hillary either. Just tired of Trump trying to take the easy way out. Man up and move on.
I love the feigned poutrage from the DNC establishment extremist that love to act perpetually offended by something,  ANYTHING. 
Bill Clinton is a real rapist you know.
oh shit this bout to get real contreversial, but if i was american, id still vote for hillary. Honestly its voting for the lesser evil rn.
I honestly dont care for what 1 woman has been through, were talking politics, millions are at stack, its not cuz some bad thing happend to 1 girl thats im willing to place my judgement upon the lives of millions, fk yall haters think bigger.
So what' your saying is it's ok to grab pussy because of this story? Your sick I'm NOT democrat but independent. But you guys are sick. Hypocrite rep party calling for immigrant rapist when your candidate don dump is actively grabbing pussy sexually assaulting women. Hypocrite republicans. Brett Bart can suck dick.
So when Trump gets exposed this happens.. hmmm America is Fked
she lying
That poor woman. Hillary bullied her and defending her sickening husband.
why are some of you people believing this BULLSHIT this bitch is saying
can we just pick Deez Nutz for president
how is Breitbart not being sued out the ass for this obvious display of yellow journalism/defamation? what a shithole news corp.
This has nothing to do with Hillary... Hillary was just trying to tell her about some locker room banter.
Why didn't Hillary get a divorce with bill after this?
Bill Clinton would never do such a thing, he is a vegan. Meat eaters all deserve rape and torture if told what happens and still keep supporting the rape and murder of billions of innocent animals, fucking hipocrites. Die. Slice your wrists for me.
Typical conservatives... the only time they care about a rape is when it helps take people's minds off the pedophile rapist they nominated.
Both trump and Hilary have all these fucking allegations.... I might just live underground for the next.. 3-4 years? That's if either of their terms last 2 years.
"Every woman deserves to have be listened to and believed" Hillary Clinton
Hillary Clinton's actions, as sectary of state,  have made millions of people around the world feel the exact the same way as Juanita Broaddrick. Please vote for Donald J. Trump on November 8.
So Hillary never actually said anything about rape. She probably just thought that this woman was another one of Bill's mistresses and I wouldn't blame her for that. This video gives no proof of Hillary knowing about any assault or doing anything wrong. 
Hillary is definitely not my first choice for president but she's sure as hell still better than Trump, and this woman has not changed my mind on that. #imwithHER
If you read the different accounts of this woman's story over the years it doesn't add up.  The story has changed over time and is never consistent.  During the alleged encounter in the room, there were people in the hallway who all state they never heard anyone scream for help or yell out in any way.  Also, if she was actually raped and "in shock" why the fuck was she still participating in his campaign and at his fundraiser three weeks later?  Also, why did she not report this alleged rape until the following year and never went to the press about it until TWENTY YEARS LATER when it became politically important to do so.
Lol she is totally faking. It's too scripted. You can tell it's acting. It's too perfect
So, everybody who says she's lying...so if it wasn't Clinton, if she said the same things about Trump raping her, you'd still say she's lying, right? Oh wait, then you'd say she's telling the truth and he's a rapist, put him in prison, just because he's the other party. But because it's YOUR party, then it's okay and she's lying.
=(
fuck politics, this is so sad. i'm glad she has spoken out about this and hope justice is served, it won't be tho....
fuck you bitch
I wonder how much trump pays her to say all this.
and why is no one talking about trump going in trial for raping a 6 years old girl ? 
he is a fucking monster and he is running for president not bill , trump
I guess they are blaming the Russians again...
How did she end up in the same hotel room with a married man? That was not covered.
We in America where  we have the best actresses in Hollywood and this old bitch is one of them people would lie just to put others down for money and I bet Donald trump pay her or she is just trying to get fame if he did what she says he did why didn't she call the cops ? Or find any type of DNA on her come on people open your eyes
I don't think she's lying, but this is obviously Trump's attempt to get rid of the attention he's getting. It's a really cheap shot, but at the end of the day that's politics.
BS
I smell bullshit. The timing of this is just too skeptical. Why didn't she speak up when Monica did when she said Clinton told her to suck his dick? I get this Trump supporter was paid to say something to try to turn the public away from what Trump said about grabbing girls by the pussy.
Never the Clintons!
Fake and gay. Pathetic attempt at a right wing smear job. Stop with the propaganda and bullshit already.
Right wing propaganda at its finest.
Someone is running for a important position in the country "let's make up a rape accusation to taint the opponents voting favor" Not every guy that's famous is a rapist jesus
If Hillary gets into the white house she will really raise hell, and Bill will be back in the White House. It will be the same as it was only this time it will be Hillary on steroids. She has no respect for Law at all. They both haveno respect for the American people, especially women.She will have gotten away with TREASON and there will be no stopping her in doing what the hell she and Bill pleases. Just like Trump says, this is the last time there is to save this country, Period. IF they get into the white house it will be EIGHT LONG YEARS, and this country will be destroyed. The World will not longer put up with us......
that's some bad acting, and if you listen to the story some parts contradict it seems pretty made up maybe she did get attacked in a way but not as her story says, but eh i don't care who wins.
She's a horrible actress.  Waited till now because ????  Load of bs.
she SHOULD be afraid of him!!  the clintons kill people!
We can't have a fake person in office, but both candidates are terrible. Where's mitt Romney when you need him???
She's a good actor.
Powerful testimony... my heart goes out for her.
But why would you want to fuck... that?
Trump supporters coping so hard they have to attack bill Clinton. 
Its like Trump says one thing and does the other, example, "grab her by the pussy" 
but wait, I suddenly care. 
Yeah, im a vote based on a womans story about rape that happen some 19 years ago, that said lady changed the story 6 times when interviewed.
After this debate, I guess her and trump have something in common, they've both been raped by a Clinton
This is the country that I have to fight for? Unbelievable.
regardless of wat bill  did or didn't do Hillary has done nothing right emails alone should disqualify her as a nominee at th very least
jail the fucker
at least trump gets you furniture thats why im voting for him
and the most stupid election of the history of the world goes to the United States of America 2016 Clinton vs Trump. Is there a clause for a re-election.  plz plz plz im positive people would vote for a re-election.
2k ppl dislike a woman exposing a rapist
Hillary said the Americans should respect each other. She respects the 99% of the voters by putting them into the basket of deplorable and losers!  She also said: "There is no evidence that anyone hacked the server" So what she said Russia and China hacked her server is a lie? What paradox did she make? Is this the intellectual capacity fits to be the President of USA? Vote for Hillary! Let a liar represent the USA! - IForYou, Tumblr blogger (English/Chinese) a voice for little people, ordinary people and minority people in Quebec, Canada!
So you come out 38 years later....because??????
thing is that their is no evidence supporting this so the sick fucker is gonna get off free
Everything would have been so much better, has Bernie won the primary's. :(
How stupid are people? Breitbart correspondents literally WORK FOR trump's campaign and now CNN and other networks are the true biased media? Fucking idiots, you shouldn't be allowed to breed.
inb4 trump "grabbed her right in the pussy"
good actress,  an oscar for her...
shes just crying because she could have got more cash fro. donny dump..
why you would go to court that time Bill was completed 8year presidency why now,i'm with you but I am confused about how we can tolerate this
What a good actress. Wonder how much the trump campaign is paying her..
I feel so bad about saying this but it seems like she is lying but if she's not I still feel sorry for her.
This comment section is cancer
2k dislikes from hillary supporters that think everyone should have a voice except for the women raped by a Democrat.
fake...wonderful acting though.
Every president should have a lie detector test to see who they really are like if they are racist or a rapist
she's lieing because if it did happen why cant she remember how it happen( i cant remember its been so long)
where's the police report? why didn't she go to the police! it's just soo easy and not humiliating to come out and report that you've been raped! Especially when he's a very powerful man, and his powerful wife threatens you
The Clinton family needs to leave the USA #HillaryandBillForPrison
No way would anyone rape that hag. She's a hag now, a hag in the past, and a dead hag soon enough based on her looks. Breitbart is the lowest form of pond scum for participating in this theatrical farce. Paid her way to the debate huh? Paula too? You call yourselves a news network? Fucking amateur hour boys club trying to turn the news cycle away from your grossly incompetent hair piece. Not going to work. Do the electoral math. Check the Vegas odds. They never lose. Your pussy grabber goes down in a landslide.
All the Clinton's are flakes. Very sad about what happened to these women. The Clinton's are fuck ups, it's just rigged, they are above the law. Vote TRUMP.
If you want to bring this B.S. up Now on Bill Clinton  (I'M NO CLINTON OR TRUMP SUPPORTER) you might as well investigate the TRUTH and not only on Bill but Every other President and or public official in and that has been in office. THE TRUTH HURTS!
Was this prosecuted? Was Bill Clinton found guilty? I never heard of this before however I am very interested in hearing more?
if u cant realise she is lying from the first 30 seconds ur just dumb
Fuck Hillary and fuck trump
Looks faek
Sounds like a load of bullshit!!!!
This poor woman's life was ruined
And never got the Justice she deserved
 So the SS is there to protect the president ? So the innocent public is there only for this scumbags toy?
 And the Dems have the Gaul to resurrect an audio of trump using bad language ?
I find it so unbelievably degrading that Bill would rape this woman and Mrs Bill Clinton would cover up for him. Could this be true? I guess it could be. I mean, Hell, after all he did stick his crooked cock inside a young Jewish girl's throat in the Oval Office, right? What a fucking screwed up family! Squirt, squirt...
Trump will put Hillary and Bill in prison.
Well Fuck America I'm Going To Canada
How the FUCK could anyone vote for another Clinton after watching this video?! This poor woman....
What's wrong liberals, i thought victim blaming was wrong?
look at all these rape apologetic leftists, bunch of hypocrites
I honestly believe this is some BULL SHIT! Textbook Fuckery.
She probably got paid trump to say all this
Lying whore!
Please don't hate me but I wanna know if Hilary And Bill were married when bill raped this woman
Leftist are rape apologist and it disgust me.
She's faking
I can't even watch this -- It's so deplorable. 

You know with all the mainstream rhetoric (which shouldn't be rhetoric) to dissolve rape (not for just women, but men too), and then for any journalist to immediately hop on board and practically exploit this woman and her tumultuous experience, is not only deplorable, but, unprofessional and downright insane.

I have respected Breitbart News, for their courage in uncovering truths, but to dismiss her highly personal character, for the purposes of sabotaging a presidential candidate -- in my opinion -- is absolutely demoralizing.

Sure, if you want to say that "she knew" or "expected" the interview to head down this path, I'd have to agree with you -- to an extent... One, because I highly doubt the questions were brought to her attention before the interview was underway, and two, the simple suggestion or permission a private journalist attempts to secure, is handled in the most excruciating approaches, such as the appeal amplification, using emotional drama to stir an experience that has not even once, officially closed (at least in her perception) and the varying fallacies used by corporatism to make another dollar.

Was she aware that these questions were going to be exploitative? Was she given a guarantee that her trauma would be respected, and to forgo the explicit details one must penetrate, in order to reminisce a dire, life-changing situation?

Or was this the original intention of Ms. Broaddrick? Is she in, on this appeal to emotion?

None of these answers can be answered objectively by any, one of us. We can at best, only speculate....which is the entire purpose of this charade?

But maybe I'm biased... I will be voting for Trump... So, if you find me fooling myself, please reply and show me where I went wrong.
How is she crying without even crying
I believe her. My heart breaks for her.
Not putting the lotion on the skin is implied consent.
Trump ripped out the hair of his ex-wife and raped her. It's in court documents.
what happens to Donald Trump saying I go to them like a magnet  and he wants to grab their p**
i call bull!!!
Hillary & bill don't even love each other. You can tell. False marriage to keep connections and power.
This is fake , It's the same tactic they used against trump. In 1994 he raped a 13 year old girl who btw ( Feared her own life and her family ) And every single time they brought up the case. It's always dismissed  We all know trump pays people to say shit about him. Fucking lies !
"you have to believe all women who say the were raped!" "Oh she's just a liar."
The Liberal left is full of hypocritical dunces
I think it is suspicious that she is dropping political rhetoric that are quotes from Trump's messages about once every one and a half minutes every. If she is a victim then I feel sorry for her that she didn't come forward earlier,  otherwise she would be doing justice. In this time period, no breaking news is a matter of luck.
If a chick can't be grateful to have a famous penis inside her, she's nuts. Just ask Trump.
Hay CNN why u put her story. on TV it all a fix crooked Hillary 
The Universal Declaration of Human Rights, article 11, states: "Everyone charged with a penal offence has the right to be presumed innocent until proved guilty according to law in a public trial at which he has had all the guarantees necessary for his defense."
- not a supporter of anyone. just saying.
+ the USA has become such a circus. this election is like a reality tv series.
Lol
she is a lier
I feel bad for this woman. Now that the GOP has cut off funds to Trump campaign, how is she going to get paid. It's a great performance. Now, IDK the original details of when this happened, but 1. Did she made a formal accusation. 2. what happened to the investigation, was there a rape kit. 3. Why wont she do this interview on a reputable network or at least foxnews. 4. If it's so hard to relive, why would she waste this opportunity on a alt. right biased breitfart news. Any one with any common sense would immediately write off this interview as a stunt for being on breitfart which is clearly associated with trump. I find it hard to believe that a cnn/abc/fox type wouldn't jump at the chance to do this interview, but that would mean that the story and her, would have to be corroborated.
Where's the police report
Trump prob hire her say that don't believe shit
No what's painful is watching her
Is there any proof? evidence? or just this testimony?
You never pressed charges , really lady ... How much did trump pay you
This election is full of scandals.
I just hope this doesn't mean she votes for trump
I was 12 years old when Bill Clinton nutted on my face.
Most stressful campaign time ever.
I'm surprised HillaryTube even allowed this on the trending page
After this election, Hilary Clinton can create an attorney account in avvo.com, label herself as US's No.1 Rape defense attorney. I will honor her with 10/10.
Grab one of these to represent the way you really feel! I wear either the shirt or hoodie everyday, everywhere I go. I just love the look that obvious clinton supporters give me lol!Grab yours here: https://teespring.com/hillary-for-prison16?=pr10OFF We've had such great success with this shirt, we're now offering a 10% off discount so you can buy more than one for your friends and family too!
Just an opinion, Not reliable..
clinton seems to be hooked on short ugly frumpy thick ankled women.
She's s lying old bitch
Hmm, I wonder where the 2k dislikes came from
A brave woman comes out about her rape, but feminists and Democrats turn her away and call her a liar because her rapist is the hubby of their "champion for women." 

Meanwhile, Donald Trump says in a conversation he thought was private that he could kiss any woman he wanted and feminists and Dems call him a "misogynist", "proponent of rape culture", and "rape apologist."

#JusticeForJuanita
#ClintonsFor Prison
This interviewer's sounds like your uninterested neighbor just trying to ask questions. Prepare questions next time. You're just trying to repeat was she was saying converting them in question form.
Hillary Clinton is The Wicked Witch of Washington.
Bill actually grabbed her by the pussy.
Comparing to so call "Ms Universe",  Juanita's word is so trustworthy... God Bless Her!
OMG, I feel so disgraced to even put these two characters together. Shame on me!
does anyone care that trump has been claimed to rape women
Keep in mind this is bill Clinton doing this not chillary
bro this bitch lying
My Mother is absolutely devastated listening to Bill Clinton's sexual assault behavior(s) and the audio of Hillary laughing at getting a reduced sentence for a pedophile rapist.
THIS MAN IS SATANIC
Why does everyone hate Hillary for bills actions like what could Hillary do about that.
The amount of people saying this is fake is ridiculous.... Hilary supporters are fuckinng robots I hope each of them get raped and gets called a liar... I can't believe how many idiots there are
From Australia with love ..... I am so sorry to hear about this ...
Ew YUCK who would rape her???
Actions are stronger than words...
she should be glad some one was willing to touch her, lol. Yuck she's like a 0 right trump? you wouldn't grab her by pussy right?
HOW DARE YOU BRING THIS UP WHEN I WANTED HILLARY TO WIN
He was just dicking bimbos.. big deal
this interview is so FAKE.  Why did you guys take the camera off the women 's face just before she started crying.
wow :( this is terrible
Rape, murder, extortion. One candidate implies it, the other has done it.
this women is like 80 and she said she was raped at 35
I love how all the clueless Trump supporters called that leaked video a ''distraction''. Then this comes out almost immediately after....
The US election is a shit show....i love it.
she is lying
????
Someone give this woman an Oscar.. She deserves it more than Leo now.
This is so fake Breast Implants are crying...
Shes having to relive every second of that horror:(
this guy interviewing, really is not good at interviewing .. and insensitive to keep stating the word "rape" to a rape victim
Faaaaaakeeeee
I find this video particularly humorous considering Ms. Broaddrick's shared this response against said rumors BACK in Dec. 1998 -- "I repeatedly denied the allegations and requested that my familys privacy be respected. These allegations are untrue and I had hoped that they would no longer haunt me, or cause further disruption to my family." 

Check it: http://www.politicususa.com/2016/10/09/sworn-affidavit-juanita-broaddrick-denies-allegations.html
So sad for those women, I even started bawling :(
breitbart  is for morons.
who the fuck would want to rape this old ugly bitch
I feel like this will be on the next season of house of cards
"grab 'em by the pussy"

- Hilary Clinton
finally brietbart trending on the homepage. I hope it's not age restricted
I don't trust her tbh. Cause when it happened there should have been an investigation especially if the president at the time was involved. Would of been a big deal
" I did not have sexual relations with that woman"
trump is also a rapist
They'll probably fucking kill her. Everyone around them dies
I am defiantly voting for trump now
boiiiiiiiiii I'd break her fucken hip bone 
bill does not want you old hag let trump grab that old pussy.
Hilary should be in jail, its a fact. If 1% of her bs is true then she should be in jail. Trumps a dickhead but fuck the social issues and PC bs. After this debate i will be voting trump
To all the people saying "Why now! Why did she wait so long to come out and say something!" Get your head out of your asses. This has been public knowledge for over 30 years.
Lip biting real, rape fake. You can tell by the start, she's not nervous of speaking on camera because she's used to it. The story changes from the initial time she brought it up back when it first happened, go look it up.
how much money you get for this grandma ???????? good actress , you should be in movies
Yup, and is any form of media going to bring this into account? Course not! Because they're willing to pull up something that happened more than a decade ago on Trump but will refuse to pull up any shit Hillary did in the past. Fucking sheep.
Did Hillary raped that woman? Is Bill Clinton running for president?
,
Poor guy Bill
Liberals claim to be against rape, but will bend over backwards for Islam, and allow people like Bill to walk free, they are psychotic people who should never be talked to
Laci green raped me
Powerful.
Great ending
If this doesn't make you cry you are a sick evil human being. The really sad thing is that most of the people who are disliking this video are the same people who freaked out over that college student who raped that girl behind the dumpster and got off with a slap on the wrist and who constantly commend women for being brave enough to stand up and speak out about a person who sexually assaulted them no matter how long it takes for them to do it. 

It's absolutely disgusting how evil the progressives in this country are.
Trump might talk about it
But Bill Clinton does it
And then Hillary rips apart the woman that Bill does it to
"And I thought my jokes were bad"
Mr. Clintorys in problem one more time ...
they couldn't hire a better actor 
you can't be serious smh
who the fuck would have sex with a Pokemon (jigglypuff)
Didn't she say this didn't happen before???
Why does she keep wiping eyes that aren't in the least bit wet?
I'm voting TRUMP 2016, he would've only grabbed her by the pussy, 'cuz he's a gentleman.
Hillary Clinton is once again trying to silence her with her click bot army
Meryl Streep's jealous sister
Fuck Trump!
Fuck Hillary!



we're screwed, can we make an exception and vote Obama this year? Let's just keep Obama for 4 more years and avoid this shitstorm.
Who would rape her?
The past always comes back to haunt all. This is just one of many. Hillary has known about this and many others. She has also protected Bill, she is not fit for Government or much of anything..
Lol at all the downvotes. You people realize she's a rape victim right? I mean if you don't believe her, do you believe all of Bill Cospby's rape allegations? Or is there a double standard because she's talking against a democrat?
I always said,  however trump talks, lewd, etc., that is nothing compared to the stuff bill clinton did, and how  discusting it was when hillary stuck up for him and defended him. I remember when the whole monica lewinsky thing was going on. It was horrible. /Trump talks and says "yeh, I said it. " Its talk. The clintons, really do the bad stuff.
who would want to rape someone like her? lmao
Did she take a settlement outside of court? Because if she did that says it all.
This is a lie
Paid with the same $ that brought to you the Bill Cosby "victims".
One thing where was she when Bill was president and then where was she for the last 16 years? Second there is no evidence even if this happened that Hillary knew about it.
http://www.politicususa.com/2016/10/09/sworn-affidavit-juanita-broaddrick-denies-allegations.html
she keeps looking at something that isn't the camera or the guy
Why don't the media show this side of the clintons
Cause you waited this long to come out and say something, bitch just wants the fame
Lie one: 120 lbs
It's funny watching the Clinton supporters in denial of this,  just because it's against Clinton.
i can tell shes lying.
Comment folks are nuts. White people you screwed this country. Afraid of the browning of this country. Republicans base are not deplorable however cowards.
I absolutely believe Ms. Broaddrick.   Hillary did the clean-up work later when she "thanked" the woman for her service to Bill.  That's all I have to say.
I am sorry i went thru this .....
in regards to the most recent comment Trump made about grabbing kisses.  ....Lookie. Lookie ...what I found.....Obama talks about ribs and pus*y ( --- type that whole word out) ...    check it out on youtube ....pls show the media. ...Gets this out,  record it in case somehow it gets deleted... keep showing the media and Trumps campaign
I literally didn't see one tear. throught all those sniffles an sobs
No party is perfect BUT both Bill & Hillary Clinton belong in prison. Neither one respects woman at all. If the Clinton defenders actually did their research, they wouldn't be so set on having her. Ignorance is bliss & it's unfortunate.
this is so fake how much did Trump paid her
They are all puppets, media is  all control by the New World Order
I just want to know how much trump paid her.
I would kick their asses! Trump doing his own kids
Honestly, I don't see how any rational person could respect either a Clinton or Trump supporter.
so is this woman the schrodinger's cat of rape. she's maintained her stance over the years that Clinton both raped her and didn't rape her. it seems that only during election years does she maintain that he raped her. what a disgusting puppet she is. some women actually are victims of rape and liars like jaunita are the reason genuine rape victims don't come forward for fear they won't be believed.
Bill clinton is a rapist. Hillary is an evil bitch who kills babies through supporting abortion. she is responsible for the death of american soldiers in bengahzi. shes a liar.... they both stole millions of dollars from hatians. the list goes on. evil punks. i hope they burn in hell.
besides i dont see bill clinton running for anything. it is his wife who is running. this has no bearing. trump is so dirty, he talks of inappropriately touching women by their private parts because he is a star and you can do anything to women if your a star. then sits with women who claim sexual assault by slick willy. does he think that justifies his "locker room banter".  he is a pig, a dog and id like to punch him in the face like bobby deniro.
You honestly have to be an idiot for to actually believe this, it's good acting but the acting is clear.
if this doesn't sum up who you should vote for I don't know what will
big piece of shit calls other big piece of shit a piece of shit and little shitty followers shit on each other with stupid shit
This is more fake than a Plot in porn.
The man was proven innocent not guilty and if that was really him who did that it was not Hilary.
bit the top of her lip??? wtf was he into
Everything is a stage New World Order 
Liberals be like "oh she's lying."
lady now you are using you incident to rape the nation and how much you been paid.
Trump is desperate
WHITE PEDO ATHIEST CULTURE EXPOSED
Poor Juanita, but well done for attending the debate!
Why Donald Trump doesn't reveal a truth that Chelsea Clinton is a daughter of Hillary Clinton and  Webb Hubbell . after Hillary  married Bill Clinton she births daughter Chelsea.
How could anyone dislike this? This poor woman has clearly suffered and she deserves respect.
As if we all dont know how media manipulates the stories who knows trump must have paid her
The rape card...
Where's the intimidation part?
LIEING ASS BROKE PAULA DEAN
If you are voting for Hillary:
are you for Hillary
or
are you against Trump?
If you are voting for Trump:
are you for Trump
or
are you against Hillary?
I find it difficult to be for either
And this is by the Clinton's should never run our country
I forgot he also fucked Monica with a cigar hes a dirty bastard no wonder Hillary's so cold blooded
LIEING ASS BROKE PAULA DEAN.
Shame on women who ignore this.
LIEING BROKE PAULA DEAN FACE ASS
this bitch never weighed 120 pounds since she was 10
LIEING ASS BROKE PAULA DEAN
I love how she pops up after the leak of trump $$$$
I'm not voting for Hillary after she defend bill clinton for this omg
She's a liar.,.
This is an outrage ! Bill raping Clinton
what a fucking liar
god damn it both of these candidates are pieces of shit
CLEARLY AT THE END OF THE VIDEO WHEN SHE'S "CRYING" SHE LOOKS STRAIGHT INTO THE CAMERA AS SHE'S WIPING HER "TEARS" and continues with the acting. The question was asking with so much sass and bias that its repulsing. It doesn't help that she seems against Clinton supporters but was with Clinton and associates when he was in power... yeah right she's not the best
Shame on you!
This is the one time i can believe Bill "did not have sexual relations" with this ugly old wrinkled white grape.... Bill no,,, Arnold maybe.
I'm not saying is true or not. Why now in the presidential debate?
this is nonsense. if bill clinton raped this woman why has he not been prosecuted? i wouldnt touch her with a ten foot pole, wishful thinking.
I'm sorry but she's not telling the truth. I have no bias for the Trumps or the Clintons, and I absolutely am on assault victims side until I find out they lie.
*slow clap wow this woman should be an oscar winning actress
I want to believe her, but the doubt is coming from so much shit I've seen from trump. Honestly this could be a paid actor to push trump agenda. I don't know. Sigh... 

if she was, I really hope justice and karma is served.
Donald might say horrible things about women, but Bill actually does horrible things to women, and his wife threatens them if they come forward.
Bull shit , you lie.......
Why are all the liberals claiming conservatives and trump supporters dont care about rape? Rape isnt a partisan issue, its a humanitarian issue. All the Clinton supporters in the comments claim this woman is a liar, but she isnt the only one who has come out to make accusations. And they have been saying so for years. Fuck all you assholes who are rape apologists for that shithead Bill and his bitch wife who attacked these women.
Why Bill Clinton tryn to fuck this big bitch
For all y'all trump supporters please look up trumps ex wife stating in court documents that trump raped her
LMFAO SHUT THE FUCK UP THIS IS SOME STUPID SHIT  UNBELIEVABLE SPEAK UP WHEN YOU HAD TO BUT DIDN'T CAN'T BELIEVE IT NOW  HOW BIG IS HIS DICK??? 
IF TRUMP THINKS OBAMA & HILLARY MADE ISIS THEN THE USA MADE SLAVES , BLOODS & CRIPS
Trump 2016
Dumb all around!!
I don't believe her at all.  She loved being fucked by Bill
I like how when I said I don't think Trump's comment on tape amount to sexual assault, I was told I wasn't a woman and otherwise berated for not standing up for women and now we have so many disregarding and disparaging this actual rape victim. Double standard much?
So sad that Hillary supporters are calling her liar! No wonder she doesn't want to talk about it. When you have gone through that and then you talk about it and you are being accused of being a liar. It says a lot about those feminists who keep talking about women rights.
Even the interviewer knows this lady is full of shit. Don't believe this crap just because you want to.
"You have the right to be believed" -Hillary Clinton
Why not speak out before? You know, when it was actually prosecutable. Why would Bill Clinton rape such a hideous woman? Why is it so convenient that she speaks out now. Hmmmm
Video 1000% sponsored by Donald Trump
Bill Did it Cuz when u a Celebrity You can Grab them by the Pssy
Shame on Bill!
Her name is Juanita with a southern bell accent? makes sense.
I don't believe you. If you are rape and don't run and call police, a do not believe.
why now  why not than. people people  ( the world will not be the same again with all these problems from our  American people)
no body wants to be remembered as the most famous dick sucker of all time(let see how many people know that joke)
Too horrific.... Still people support......
so fake
WHT THE FUCK YOU LYING! WHY YOU ALWAYS LYING! OMG! STOP FUCKING LYING! OH, YOU LYING TO ME! YOU LIE SO MUCH! YOU'RE MAKING IT HARD FOR MEEE!!!
This issue suddenly becomes so important so late in the campaign. When Trump is exposed as the pig he is. This video is a sham.
vote Jill Stein for president !!!!! FUCK TRUMP AND HILLARY
Now Trump supporters care about rapsits anf women gtfo of here
Still not voting for Trump...
I like how she randomly stops crying to explain this, wonder if she lying....
we most bring this out in mass.

peoples most see it
SO fake.  Oscar goes to.....    .

 and Bill Clinton is not running for president!
And the academy award for supporting actor,female goes to.......
dude what the fuck.... seriously what the fuck is happening in the world
It's better than trump
Who voting for Obama again lmao
She needs an Oscar for outstanding BULLSHIT !
Slick Willey (Bill) tried to rape a little one lady ?
This is so sad. Bill is the company Hillary keeps around, so what does that say about her. This is one of the victims that Hillary bashed, yet she claims she is the champion for women.
So both candidates are playing a game of "who was a shittier person back then" to get the public to decide who is worth becoming president. Both are fucking horrible people and I want to move to live among the moose in Canada.
I find it strange how leftists will doubt and insult rape and sexual assault victims only when they dare to accuse when of their own. Doesn't that strike anyone as a bit of a double standard?
L
Properly getting paid by Trump to come fourth now. Pathetic.
no good... who would tap this?
that. is. hilarious.
my heart aches for this poor woman...what she suffered at the hands of that evil demon bill clinton!
But did it feel good tho?
Nope, didn't leave my car here.
Americans voted the demonic Bill Clinton into office. What does that say about Americans?
does clinton has diplomatic immunity. why he is not in jail.
So is she supporting Trump???? This is hard
Fake af trump probably payed her
I hate that you don't know what's true and what's not anymore. It seems like a stunt but what if it isn't and this woman went through that? We're so screwed having a maniac Trump running against snake Clinton :/ everyone knows Clintons marriage is just a piece of paper.
Politics and everything has become such a fucking joke lol
hahahaha pathetic lady was very happy to Clinton  there.
I hope Bill get jail for ruining this poor woman's life ... and Hillary for theft of the Haitian earthquake relief funds and the murder of many innocent civilians in Syria, Libya and Iraq ... if not, then I am sure God will judge them !!!!
Breitbart is doing the Lord's work when it puts out things like this
if you can't attack the candidate you have to attack the spouse. 

i hope michelle obama does a video about how horrible melania is.
BREAKING NEWS GO CHECK IT OUT , JUANITA WAS PAID $2,000,000 in AN OVER SEAS MONEY TRANSFER TO FRAUD OUT THESE CLAIMS OF RAPE. WITH ALL DUE RESPECT , THESE ARE TEARS OF JOY AND NOT TRAUMA!
WOW HILL BILLY IS AN ASSHOLE,... IM NOT VOTING FOR HILL BILLY THEN, for any any government position. 

its a good thing he isnt running. also trumpmraped a 12 year old girl, google it.

#hillary2016
I don't believe that old woman. that lier use to work.for Trump. I like to see her try to.denied it where is the lawsuit against Bill this is an act that Monica Trump and that old witch made this thing up.
Convenient as fuck. And also a trump supporter. Something tells me this womans full of shit......like trump.
Ugh will these woman just go home already? Seriously. Shut up.
She's lying. Slut.
Bill Clinton has cheated on Hilary many times and vice versa he is probably most likely raped dozens of women in his life I can't prove this, but he is a pig and he always will be a pig and he still is a pig. Donald Trump has been with many women in his life also but I don't think he is ever raped a woman. he seems to be more of a gentle type butt Bill Clinton looks like a complete animal what he did to Monica Lewinsky was absolutely deplorable and in the White House Oval Office that's disgusting. he should have been completely impeached and let go of president when that happened. how Hillary could have stuck with that creep I'll never know. Bill Clinton will have to answer for his sin and so will Donald Trump and all the rest of us for who has never sinned cast the first stone. everyone can be forgiven if they just ask for forgiveness from Jesus. but these leopards will never change their spots they are oversexed they have too much money they're bored with life and all they have is there alcohol there sex and all their conquests to entertain them now.
Everyone just needs to stop bringing up Bill Clinton's past. HE IS NOT RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT, nor will Trump's vindictive behavior have anything to do with Hillary becoming our next President of the U.S. It is over for Trump. And that is a fact.
Wonderful, people have started caring about women being raped because it benefits them.
everyone that liars wife is going to be president lol and her lies are going to kill us literally the American people and agenda propaganda will push it's way to new world order .....and some of you put her there lol
And yet the regressive left is focused on what trump said in 2005. Give me a break.
liers liers, liers liers. you son of a bitches cool.your pie holes clowns. because you're showing real.men.you're punks. JR. HI mouthy wussies.
AND U KNOW WHATS FUNNY THEY GOT ALL KINDS OF SHIT AGAINST BILL BUT THEY GOT NOTHING AGAINST HILLARY THE ONE WHOES ACTUALLY RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT
Clinton Crime Family!!! Filthy!!!
LmfOo this dumb old bitch is Leing!!!
Hilary Clinton the 3rd wave feminazi bitch defends the fact the her husband raped someone to keep a good reputation
forensic science suggest that memory is not the best evidence...
see people!!! trump needs to win!!!
Damage Control the video! Breitbart you sure do love sucking that trump dick
This comment must get an odd amount of likes. Or else I'm gay.
Why is she just now telling this story? If I was raped by any politician, I would be at the police right after and then to the nearest news station. Im not sure whether to believe her or not because it is suspicious. To the people who get mad at other people that don't believe her, you need to understand that some people are sceptical and they have good reason to be. Its very convenient for Trump that this lady is just now accusing Bill of raping her. My advice to people that never question anything is that you shouldnt believe everything you hear. Like I said, Im not sure, I wasnt there and there isnt any evidence. Also, Trump has a lot of money and this story could hurt Hillary's campaign. I dont like Trump or Hillary btw so dont accuse me of that bullshit.
"she said" Lmao people say a lot of thing's.. No Proof=No Case  haha try again Alt-Reich losers...
LITTERLY PAID ACTOR BY TRUMP. And Bill Clinton is fucked up yeah but he would NEVER DO THIS.
Trump used to take 12 year old Ivana's temperature rectally. That's a from of rape, no?
Comments filled with complete brainless twats. Supporting a rapist and his rapist defending wife who even laughed at getting the scumbag off who raped a little girl! We're doomed thanks to these low iq Clinton supporters.
Trump and Clinton are both disgusting
I am Donald Trump and I approve this message.
everybody saying this shit about trump is using her. trump was talking dirty like every guy thinks about stuff like that. but trump only said those things bill Clinton is a rapist and a pedophile. and this is not fake she only kept quiet because she did not want to die!!!
Bill Clinton is a rapist, Donald Trump is a rapist, don't vote for either. Third parties are the only way to go.
Oh look some woman accused a man of rape without any proof what so ever but she's crying and telling a story so let's believe her
What horseshit this is fucking delusional deplorables wet dream
I don't care if you support Hillary or Donald, but this woman is claiming a man has raped her. Don't let politics get in the way of your thinking...this lady has been through something terrible, show her some respect.
who the fuck would want to rape this ugly bitch?   she's fucking lying
I forgot Its 1996.
BUILD A WALL
Whynita we love u. U R 1 among many that bull dog victimized. Christ will judge him.We R 4 Trump.
Whatever happened to "listen and believe"?
just see how much this country is corrupt. all the leaders are corrupt
IT'S NOT UNLIKELY SHE'S TELLING THE TRUTH... BILL CLINTON HAS A LONG TIME HISTORY OF BS...  HILLARY HERSELF IS A GOOF WHEN IT COMES TO IMMORALITY...BUT TRUMP HAS HIS OWN WRONG DOINGS IN LIFE...JUST AS YOU DO TOO, YOU WHO ARE READING THIS.... YOU HAVE YOUR FAULTS TOO... I DO WE ALL DO... WE'RE HUMAN... HUMAN BEINGS ALL DO BAD THINGS...SOMETIMES...OF COURSE... MEN IN POWER DO MEAN AND UGLY THINGS BECAUSE THEY THINK THEY CAN... THIS WOMAN WOULDN'T BE SITTING FOR A DOCUMENTARY VIDEO FOR ALL TO HEAR IF IT WERE A LIE... HER ''FUTURE'' AND ''LIFE ITSELF'' COULD EASILY BE ON THE LINE...  SHE'S HONEST .. YOU CAN FEEL HER HONESTY... YOU CAN READ HER HONESTY....  AND YOU CAN HEAR HER HONESTY...  AND YOU REALLY ''CAN'' BE RAPED WHEN YOU ARE '' A F R A I D " ...
Bull shit old hag!!
And what does this have to do with Hillary?
this is bullshit! 
What the fuck has this election come to. This never happened in the Obama Romney election.
i was raped 20 yrs ago and decided that now was the time to come out 
Didn't know Clinton tried to rape Paula Dean.
horse shit
she wanted him to bust an nut real quick but trump don't get tired he had all kindz of nuts to bust
Butt hurt liberals blaming the victim as usual....
trump is evil. clinton is evil.

vote giant meteor 2016!!
Breitbart...nuff said
"I did not have sexual relations with that woman" 





Are you sure about that?
IDC who becomes president I'll still be Fucking bitches
she seems pretty believable to me. At least give her a giant pay out from the Clinton foundation. She's afraid of the Clinton family. That's probably why she doesn't want to speak about it and is distressed about it.
Why the fuck would anyone rape her??? She's a lying bitch, she just saying all this shit for attention. All her horrible acting shouldn't fool anyone!!! You can easily tell it doesn't bother her, you can tell that she's pretending and she just wants attention
Hard on thots 2k16
THE TROLLS ARE REALLY ATTACKING THIS VIDEO AS THEY DO WHENEVER THE TRUTH COMES OUT.
Wait so bill Clinton raped her   Is this real or fake
All those poor women my heart goes out to them power and money always wins
Hillary for Prison.
#Trump2016
How can you sick bastards even dislike?
u rly think bill would tap that?
If it's a show why did they give them 850.000 $ ?
I live in Ecuador and just by seeing both candidates I feel sorry for the people in the US, but I'm also disappointed that those guys are their candidates
pinche anciana   mentirosa ,,   la verdad solo los que apoyan a trump le cren   yo no creo nada de lo. que dise  lo mas sehuro es que esta ganando dinero pir prestarse a  trump  y mas si  es una sehidora de trump
It's pretty messed up that ppl assume she's lying. First of all, you don't know what happened. Bill Clinton is a whore let's be honest. This lady has continued saying this story for years but nobody cared. Now that Hilary has a huge chance of winning, of course she's afraid and wants people to know the truth. People need to know the truth. No wonder a lot of rape victims stay quiet because of all the backlash and people like you guys in the comment section. We're all fucked. This election is a joke.
All of you Hillary bitches can say that this chick is lying, doesn't make the clintons any better. What was the name again? Was it Monica? Monica Lewinsky?
Who wouldn't want it.
looking at her and i see nothing but but lair old bitch. acting liking she's crying. talk with no prove old hoe. we love Hallary hater.
Billary's soul is vacant...
See the problem is that trump just talked about doing something but the Clintons actually put it in actions
WE NEED TOO PUT HILLARY AND BILL AND ALL IN JAIL//BILL AND HILLARY ARE VERY SICK PEOPLE
I'll believe this when my toenail flies away off my foot. This old ugly triple chin having idiot was not raped by anyone. She looks like a toad
The United States is in really fucked up situation. Choose between two snakes that invest their money to destroy publicly the other. I hope for the people from that country to start doing things right no matter  the idiot who stays for president.
Wow. In your face Hillary. Juanita is one brave lady. Fuck the Clintons. America, please wake up. You absolutely must not put the Clintons in the whitehouse. For all our sakes. This is shocking.
lying ass old lady.. hope her clavicle breaks.
oh biting lips dang I'm not voting for nothing I'm still going to Canada for both of the candidates.
This is so convenient for Trump that it discredits her :/ why realease this NOW?
look at her at the time she was "raped" bill wouldnt do that he wouldve gotten someone wayyy better nice try trump
poor woman clinton is a monster
I BELIEVE HER . SHE IS TELLING THE TRUTH
b a m b o o z l e d
I can say with my chest blown Harambe-wide that all these pro-Hillary comments are bunch of paid bots. Where the fuck all these people were just before two months?
Hillary  will lie to you : i love you dont be afraid  i forgive you when you fucked it Up but donald trump will tell you: you are an asshole and wont be your friend . i like trump because is not a liar
why am I laughing so hard
vote trump
wtf this is so fucking stupid fucking disgusting trying to make a story of someone to make money if this didn't happen I hope she dies
Like Trump supporters have been saying "boys will be boys"
"hey look i got raped fucking years ago let me tell it now so i can have attention and make someone look bad that is married to the man that supposedly raped me." I actually fucking hate people like this
Over the weekend, Donald Trump has called former President Bill Clinton an abuser of women and Hillary Clinton a bully who intimidated his victims.
But if you rewind to 1998, the Republican presidential nominee had a very different view of the 42nd president, defending him as the real "victim" in the wake of the fallout of the Monica Lewinsky scandal and blasting the accusers as "terrible" and "unattractive."
He also suggested that Clinton should have kept the scandal -- which he said "should have been nothing -- to himself."
Donald Trump all the way!!! Hillary Clinton can kiss my ass she's nothing but a joke she tells everyone what they wanna hear and then gets caught sending emails saying different. What about Benghazi and what about her being best friends with are enemies and they give her money and she takes it let's not forget how she got a child molester set free and her husband is a rapist..... and what about all her emails and cells and shit
ok. itd obvious shes being paid trump!! seriously. if you do your research shes appeared with him in many places. this ks bullshit. try and make your opponents spouse look awful because your a sexist pig. they don't have to fake anything for his wife to be a tad dumb and completely brainwashed.
Evidence something like this can't be covered that easy !!
The people in these comments are so stupid. She didn't fake it. Y'all just can't accept facts.
bla blA bla bla lba Fuking amricans
Fake as fuck. I don't know how people believe this
I want an actual Clinton supporter to answer me this; why are ou supporting these people EVEN WHEN you know of the shit these people did?
I feel for her, but why did she wait until now to speak this freely about this 21 year old rape allegation? And why is she hanging around Trump restating these claims?
I understand this is very sensitive, but is anyone else asking "why did she wait this long to come out with these accusations?"
And this is where I say, fuck off to Cliton's supporters. Just fuck off. You are all just a disgrace.
I absolutely despise Hillary and I feel the same way about trump..:/

Guess America's gonna have to pick its own poison b/c I'm out.
This is one of the worst elections that can ever be. Both the candidates washing the other's dirty linen in public to make a point, to get to White house. So pathetic. Neither can win on moral grounds, neither is clean, and unfortunately these are the kind of leaders America is projecting to the world. Rest of the world must be literally laughing at this election. Every day I turn on the news, there is there is something about their dirty past. Leaders are supposed to set an example, not be a misogynist, not be an 'enabler', not a crook. Forget these candidates. why is this country not able to find a leader who deems fit to be a president. Some one who is first a moral human being. And the sad part is both these candidates have followers despite their frailties and are pig-headedly backing their candidates, instead of questioning them! I just want this election to be over! So freaking depressing!
Anyone voting for trump is voting for a misogynistic pig who treats woman like sex objects. THATS THE CANIDATE NOT HER HUSBAND AKA BILL. U Dumbass's need to get that through your head. Also if one comes forward that isn't enough proof if more come forward maybe, but it could all be trump simply paying actors to turn this in his favor.
lul lul lul lul lul
yankees always going to defend trump
This guy is a senior reporter? Terrible interviewer...
The sad thing is that she sat right next to Donald Trump today, who bragged about sexually assaulting women...
What has Hillary being President got to do with her rape? As a rape survivor I will not call her a liar because I don't know her but her first comment makes zero sense.
Who'd wanna fuck her? 
This is Breitbart. One of the most bias news sources along with Fox and NBC. Who believes this shit?
I SEEE NO TEARS WHAT SO FREAKING EVER  -_-
nobody's raping this fat cow
why didn't he forcefully assaulted hillary either? illuminati?
This is fucking ridiculous... this is 1000% fake as hell.
Gasp! People are triggered over rape allegations when it serves their own self righteous agenda!
people in the comments saying its bill not Hillary apparently missed that part about her covering it up  you want to vote in someone covering up rape what the actual fuck
Released after the Trump tape? Lol. I wonder why.
As much as I dislike the clintons, I'll never get behind Trump
omg never hillary....Never....Never
"It's not your fault." 

"It's not your fault."

"It's not your fault."

"It's not your fault."

RIP Rob Williams. #GoodWillHunting
I'll have what she's having?
Watching a great program on PBS right now on both Trump & Hilary.
you guys are fucking blind. why do these embarassing videos about candidates go viral just weeks before the election. This is to boycott them. I'm not fucking voting, these people sell us the illusion that we have choice we don't !
Well the left is always, "believe the victim," here's a victim, start believing.
Hahahahahaha, let's be honest. Nobody is raping this wrinkled prune.
yeah she was raped. ok
OOOOOO yea were in 2016!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Not in the 19sssss
What does this have to do with Hillary running a nation, something thatTrump could not do with an army of help?  It sounds like some BS story of a young girl who threw herself at Bill Clinton and Clinton brushed her off. Now she can make money. I have no doubt Clinton was a womanizer, but a rapist is a much different claim.
is Breitbart going to interview Trumps alleged rape victims as well?
And Donald trump is going to ruin the world you idiots
Many of those who believe we live in a rape culture are voting for a woman who defended a rapist
this is what we're letting back in the White house if we don't vote Trump
How convenient she said it at this time. hmmmm.
every liberal commie traitor is going to be eradicated in the coming years.
Thats bolt trump probably paid her to say that shit
I hope we don't find her dead soon. You never know with Killary
Wow this is crazy. (Assuming this is even real) Good thing he isn't the one running for president. If Trump supporters can over look all the shit that Trump has pulled, I can overlook this. #DontVoteForTheOnePumpTrump
just a reminder, Hillary Clinton admitted to having a $6 million budget for online control, take the pro-Hillary comments below with a grain of salt, many are Hillary schills
I really feel bad for these women but Bill Clinton is not running for president. This is so unfair to blame Hillary for, have some morale sence...
how quickly this southern beauty switches from bitter pain and agonizing memory to cool and collective story telling....
this is stupid why wait all these years to tell the world what happened why couldn't she say something earlier and of all times to confess she is not trustworthy and she has no evidence to provide
God our country is doomed...
Lying ass bitch.
How come republicans shame sjws for "listen and believe," yet once it benefits their cause they go 180 on the issue.
Sooo Bill....who isnt running for president raped a ugly granny?? i dont believe this and even if what kinda drugs are you on america why does it always have to be some kind of freak show event when you choose youre president sjees this election like many before effect the whole world and this kind of stupid tmz shit helps you decide?????Why not let them do a dance of for the next election and you can all vote at home via an app
lol...she is another Low IQ Trump Supporter
I was a kid when Bill Clinton was elected president. I hated him then, didn't know why, but I could look at him or hear him and just know he was a lying, awful person.
idk wtf going on here...this presidential election is a joke
why is Hillary her husband again
Tissue Paper conveniently there. This was a setup.
I need to see the police report filed after the rape. otherwise this is just an act for money
Pls be at the debates and show hitlery up
Awwww man now shes going to die... Barbell to the throat
if only he cared before he was caught gloating about he preys on women.
Remember folks Hillary is running not bill, it's also her word against his and we should always be skeptical about someone's claims and not immediately believe them.
Where is the proof to a 4 decade year old claim from one witness against a political figure in their high time? Oh right there was none/is none/won't be any. I dislike Hillary but this was bogus then and silly that so many people will still believe it now without looking into the history of this.
Has anyone seen the movie KILL BILL good movie. just fyi
I believe all the victims but why didn't they call the police or go to the hospital?
spread the word people
Why she keeps hurting herself talking about it.
2 weeks from now there's gonna be articles questioning her mental health.
yall must go for trump
Well trump is Gona do bad things too. So wtf do we do
This is pathetic. Back and forth about who's the worst sexual offender? A new low in politics, just unbelievable
Ohhhh... Billy boy....what have you done!?
The CLINTONS are all NO GOOD MUDDA FUGGARS

NATIONAL ASSOCIATION for the ADVANCEMENT of AMERICAN CITIZENS
im not for Hillary and clinton is a piece of shit but cmon lmao shes straight lying! who waits this long to come out? of yeah its almost election time this should be a great time to come out lmao cmon man really??
Yah she is a fuckin lier bitchass women she should die go kill ur self u fat ugly bitch ass hoe
The home of the white nationalist movement.
Why did she not go to the Police and report it?????? Why is this coming up out of the blue?????
this bitch is crazy, it was clearly consensual.
What is up with the mainstream media... not even Fox News in reporting on this... WHY NOT???
this poor woman i believe her 100% i met Bill at a rally when he first ran for president back then i was 20 i shook his hand he looked at me and gave me a weird sexual look......i swear this happened
back in my day if you even whistled to a women you be dead the next day.
How did the two least qualified people in the country get to be our country's presidential nominees?
Where did you dig up this looney bitch
What a load of shit  I hate the clintons too but this ? Really? Man the political parties this year have become a fuckin joke
See you in november bitches
And what does this have to do with Hillary Clinton? ARRGGGHHHHH.......Follow the money.
Why cant we keep obama....
Rather this is true or not, with MONEY POWER and  RESPECT you can do anything you want  under the Sun as long as you "play by the rules."
Ugh I'm so confused. I go to these vids and see people saying "if Hillary becomes president we'll all be dead!" And then I go on all the trump vids and see "if trump becomes president we'll all be dead!" So I'm really confused. I really don't know who's worse.
Hillary and Bill should BOTH be in prison
Trump has been accused of statutory rape. Court case pending.
Upon her own admission this is false.... The truth has never gotten in the way of a Breitbart story before. Why didn't people vote for Jeb. I want my party back.
I guess you could say Bill grabbed her by the pussy
the media actually not focusing on only trump?? I bet we're all on punked
No woman should be treated this way.Trumps locker room words are horrific to Democrats but not this...sheeesh !!!!
The list goes on & on. The number of innocent unsuspecting people the Clinton's have left homeless, penniless, lifeless (dead) and hopeless along their 30 years of public dis-service is most certainly more than any of us could ever imagine x 100. Whether it's Bill or Hillary we get Billary.  Check out" The NEW Clinton Chronicles"an investigation into the alledged criminal activities of Bill Clinton." which is not new but it does shed more light for those who still need a spotlight  to see the corruption, deceit,lies and tyranny these two have been working towards for over 3 decades. 
What I really don't understand is beyond non-indictment from the FBI  because she was "only" Extremely Careless with HIGHLY CLASSIFIED INFORMATION , Why hasn't she been charged with TREASON???????                                                                                                  

Under Article III, Section 3, of the Constitution, any person who levies war against the United States or adheres to its enemies by giving them Aid and Comfort has committed treason within the meaning of the Constitution. The term aid and comfort refers to any act that manifests a betrayal of allegiance to the United States, such as furnishing enemies with arms, troops, transportation, shelter, or classified information. If a subversive act has any tendency to weaken the power of the United States to attack or resist its enemies, aid and comfort has been given

Whoever, owing allegiance to the United States, levies war against them or adheres to their enemies, giving them aid and comfort within the United States or elsewhere, is guilty of treason and shall suffer death, or shall be imprisoned not less than five years and fined under this title but not less than $10,000; and shall be incapable of holding any office under the United States.

I think they should both be hung in the square. Probably could get a few bucks for those ring side seats.

VOTE REPUBLICAN 

 TRUMP/PENCE   2016

MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN....
I feel so bad for the woman but at the same time let's not forget this is Breitbart News...the news organization that said college rape allegations were false and that rape culture isn't real...funny how they never talk about rape unless it is used to further their political propaganda.
That stinger at the end.... Christ that was good!
Trump is getting too buch bullshit for his comments in 2005! what he said was in a censentual context!
SHE GAVE AN AFFIDAVIT THAT SHE WAS LYING. WHAT BS.
I was going for Hillary but this video has changed my mind.
"Too horrible" or maybe you just can't think of something off the top of your head.
To be clear, we on the right don't even have to care about this to press it as an issue. It's the left that touts believing rape victims and promotes rape culture.    We only want you to hold to YOUR own standards. It called "just deserts" people.
Was this before or after Donald Trump donated hundreds of thousands of dollars to the Clinton campaign and the Clinton Foundation?  My memory is a little foggy.
lucky bitch...i wish i was in her place
"Do you understand "everything" you do, this sounds like a word for word what Monica Lewinsky said that Hillary said to her, that Hillary grab her and said the same thing both girls were threatened in the same way, and felt Hillary knew exactly what was going on.
they all sleep in the same bed
and the Oscar goes to.........Juanita
He grabbed her by the what?
I can't believe things like this happen in America. If this ever happened in any other stable nation, the entire political party would get shut down with the president in jail.
And why did she wait 21 years to say something and then another 17 to say another thing.
polygraph for this woman please!!
Well Bill Clinton is not running for President!!!
This sounds so rehearsed she knew every little detail from over 35 years ago. I understand this could be tramatic but there was no evidence except for word of mouth. Anyone who doesn't like a famous person could say they raped them. With trump there is a recording of what happened. And Im pretty sure Hillarys running not bill. Watch your back liar.
Bill Clinton's a rapist! Bill Clinton's a rapist! Bill Clinton's a rapist! Bill Clinton's a rapist! Bill Clinton's a rapist!
I bet she is gonna be crying in the Bahamas in a month with the money that Trump just paid her LOL
someone get this lady an Oscar!!!!
TRUMP2016!!!!
Just now Old woman??? a little bit late and convenient don't  you think??? you should go to a civil court or something..... you are in the wrong place solving your problems.
But Trump said over ten years ago, that he could grab some p***y, isn't that equal to rape?
I am sure Hillary supported this woman, I mean, we all know Hillary wouldn't stand for this!
Trump just held a press conference with the victims!!  AAAAWWW SHEEIIIIT!!
liberals: "TRUMP SAID MEAN THINGS 10 YEARS AGO OMG" 
on this video "WHO CARES ABOUT SOME WOMEN 20 30 YUEARS AGO??"
Ahhh hahaha!! Really??
Drop out Hillary its over
Rapist Bill, take your cyanide pill.
Bill Clinton is a draft dodger, marijuana smoker, and womanizer. Just wait and see what his wife will be for the country... nothing good
Both the candidates fucking suck. THE END
I completely understand why she is afraid and everything but what does Hillary becoming president have to do with him raping her?
So Breitbart, you're gonna seriously claim to be news organization and not cover Donald Trump's claim that he's able to sexually assault women on command because he's famous? 

How about you be fair and also cover all the sexually harassment and abuse claims against him just like you are fairly doing it to dirty Bill.
hahahahahahahahhahahahahahahaha old bitch die
Oh.. perfect timing.
Hmmm. I'm not sure how this helps the trump agenda at the debate specifically... It would be nice to see some professionalism at the debate..from no both sides.
The guy that is interviewing the women is insensitive as fuck holy shit
Do you smell that? sniff sniff That's the smell of desperation. Nice try Breitbart: you looney toon far-right unscrupulous bastards.
Bill isn't running for president tho..
Thank God that Bill Clinton is not running for president. This would be damaging if he were a candidate. 

Just like Trump has been damaged heavily by saying that he likes to grab women "By the pussy".

UNLESS of course there is a recording of Hillary saying she likes to grab guys "By the cock".

or "Suck that cock dry" or "Shove that cock so deep in her pussy that it comes out of her mouth" or "Slap Donald Trump with her big old cock" or if she had said "Donald Trump is a whiny little cunt and I would love to plant one in his asshole in the same manner he tried to grab my pussy".

I think the media has blown things WAY out of proportion because he did NOT say "I want to grab them by the cunt", he just said "pussy"......and now you can say "pussy" on television, so it is not a big deal.

Now if he had said "I want to pound that pussy so hard it bleeds and the bitch falls unconscious......a bit of the old Billy Cosby" that might be a story, but all he said was that he likes to just grab them by the pussy. Which is not a big deal. Though next time he should use the word Coos-snootch. Sort of a wink wink........where we know what he is talking about, but most people would not. This way the social justice warriors out there can't go crying home to mommy.

All these whiny PC bitches just can't handle the way a real man talks. It is not like he said "I want to ass rape this cunt, stick her in my dungeon and fuck every hole in her body until she passes out from exhaustion" because obviously had he said something like that he might not win. Saying that he likes to grab them by the pussy does not exclude a person from being president.
who wouldn't want to be raped by bill...gosh i'd go for seconds and more if he wanted
In 1997, Broaddrick signed an affidavit and gave a deposition in the Jones case, denying twice under oath that Clinton raped her. "These allegations are untrue and there is no truth to these rumors." Within one year of the alleged rape, Broaddrick attended a fund-raiser for Clinton and accepted appointment by him to a state advisory board.
Please! You were screwing around on your husband at the same time. He told people he never saw your bruised lip and you never said a thing to him about being raped. Your face and body posturing shows you are fabricating this whole story! Attention seeking Jezebel!
Fuuuuuck poor lady
Does she know Hillary is the one running for president not Bill ? What has this got to do with Hillary ?
Pretty sure Bill Clinton has better taste in women.
so fake
Funny how there are 0 Trumptards complaining about media bias  when there was no evidence, no charges pressed and she denied it in a 1998 interview.
Bill,s not running for president people. Hillary is.
SHARE THIS VIDEO !!!! -   YouTube just froze the view count on this video so that it doesn't come up in searches.-  SHARE THIS VIDEO !!!!
So pretty much she's a trump sopporter?!??!??????
where the hell has this wack job been for 38 years people. Really waiting for a payout. The real comedy is all of your comments
Omg i feel sorry for america.
she is probably a paid actress...
She is bullshitting so hard LMFAO
I cried watching this
Hillary is just as bad as Bill. He's a rapist and she's a politically corrupted liar.
Whether it's Hillary or Trump we're doomed..Damn it I wish Obama was elected for another 4 years.
Hillary is a evil Bitch and her husband is a fucking monster
Mike Pence for President 2016

Both Clinton and Trump have Rape accusations following them.
Less people are supporting Trump and Mike is more likely to beat Clinton. 
Unless you want Clinton to win...
when the CLINTONS and OBAMAS go HIGH as usual you losers along with that scumbag billion dollar loser #trump go LOW...
Can't we just stay with Obama ?
So terrible that this woman, then a young lady had to be put through this by that rapist!! Not until a rape occurs to your wife, your daughter, even your mother ....will ppl feel empathy towards others, how hypocritical of humans...especially those who vote for killary!! Dont u see Bonnie n Clyde will be running the U.S if you do some bs like that????!!!!
the point is that hillary defended bill for all his little horn dog moments and if your a woman and you think thats OK then your really not for women's rights.
liar...plain simple......
Woah woah woah, back it up... you mean to tell me you haven't always been this weight?!?!?! This whole story is a lie lol
Bill. apple-o-gize
Trump 2016
booooo I don't believe her.
go Clinton
Half of the people here don't believe real rape cases but all of a sudden now they do
Trump: insults people     
Hillary: defends rapists, lies about illegal stuff, threatens the lives of women who are victims of bill Clinton, uses bullshit media to support her claims,
Corporate nbc, msnbc, cnn, did not play this on my 5 o clock news. Wonder why? These corporate assholes are misleading 90 % of the population that are naive enough not to know they are being played by corporate media that only supports hiclary. Vote Trump 2016. take our country back
Trump has not done Shit Give me a Break fucking Establishment Pulling out On Trump Fuck them
God this is so fucked that we have to choose who did the more fucked up thing.
Why is she using a tissue when there are no real tears?
when trump voters know clinton bout to win
Bill Clinton is not Hillary Clinton, so you shouldn't not vote her because of the horrible things rapist bill Clinton did
I'm not even a clinton supporter but I find this hard to believe
BILL CLINTON IS NOT RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT .WOW SOME PEOPLE ARE DUMB AS FUCK,SPECIALLY THOSE FUCK THAT SUPPORTS, PUSSY SAYER TRUMP.
ECXLUSIVE! YOUTUBE START TO HIDDING COMMENTS ON CLINTON'S CHANNEL!!! 
(write "Clinton channel" to check yourself).It's strange, i can see there 
are thousand of comments on her video's, but comments are hidden.What 
the fuck is she so scared of and why is YouTube helping her censor us? I
 wonder, how much money does Clinton pay to Youtube for this?
so this just comes out now? I couldn't watch past a minute because I find it stupid that these things come out later in life rather than that moment.
the Clintons or bitches and evil people
People are going to freak over this,  and yes it's very wrong and disrespectful of this woman's privacy on her part. But when Trump has multiple elegies cases of rape and no-one even bothers looking into it. All cases of these should be consumed. on Trump Clinton's, it doesn't matter. This isn't something you can just toss to the side and pretend never happened.
Lies
Why is she afraid of Hillary becoming president? How can she know Hillary was hiding it wtf Hillary and Bill are two different people 
She'll be dead by morning. And no one will say a damn thing
Poor women I feel so bad for her. And Hillary gave all the victims hell IRS Audits, threats, Bill Clinton is a monster.  I was kidnaped and almost raped so I kinda know her feelings. If I had been raped I would be dead and if I wouldn't got killed my feelings would have been even worst then what I had so. Feel so bad for this women because it happened to her from someone she thought highly of.  So sorry lady.
This should come with a trigger warning I swear to God... just no words.
liar
Why didn't she tell this story when Bill Clinton ran for president? Something smells fishy. Rape is a horrible thing and it's really awful if it did really happen, but a month before the general election? Hmm
Slick Willy Bill
think about it why would bill go fuck a women,or a prostitute when he himself could have any women he wanted.
Best episode of SVU yet.
Best episode of SVU yet.
No matter where this election goes, America is doomed. It's like picking the lesser of two evils. Either the psychopathic wife of a rapist or a woman-shaming, racist businessman. Well done America. Well fucking done.
What's funny is that a lot of the people calling this woman a liar would be absolutely indignant if the tables were turned and this woman were accusing Trump of rape. They'd crucify anyone that dared question her account. That's liberals for you, moral hypocrites.
Bull shit!!! She was paid to cry!!! It's not true
bruh
Hey guys it's my birthday today can I get 1000 subscribers?
So... how about that Jill Stein, huh?
This is terrifying. I can't believe that Hilary could become president, and that Bill could become the first gentleman. As a child, i can't believe I'm going to grow up in this world. I miss the good old days. Please, if you are reading this, don't let this be America. Just try your personal best to change it.
Anyone who thinks this is funny, or that shes lying are the worst human beings on the planet and im not surprised these people would vote for Hillary and Bill into the White House.
You must be so brave to come forward in favor of your favorite predator. So brave. Bet you're rich now, too.
Have fun losing in November! #ImWithHer
GOOD MONEY FOR CRYING AND LYING HUH!!!
Bunch of angry redneck republicans in the comments. Lol her husbands a piece of trash but Hillary's gonna win regardless of what inbred hicks say. Pretty sure it's already rigged in her favor. No way anyone in power is going to let Donald Trump be president of the most powerful country on earth.
why does this come up two days after the trump news????...
by the way I mean.
I don't know what to believe anymore. 

What I do know is that I won't be voting for either of these douche bags. America has clearly gone down the wrong path if both parties think these candidates are worthy. 

They are there for financial gain. They are civil servants to sarifice themselves for us, the citizens. They should be getting paid minimum wage with all the other free benefits they get.
Trinidad
SHIT  I DOUBT THIS IS REAL I BET THAT WOMEN IS MAKING EVERYTHING UP SHE DOESN'T HAVE PROOF FOOTAGE NOTHING JUST EMPTY WORDS.AND BY THE WAS BILL IS NOT RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT.
I don't care if the President jokes about it; no proof that he actually has assaulted women sexually like Bill Clinton, so go TRUMP
men obviously dont talk like that when they're with eachother - every man talks about the weather and jesus our savior. 

words speak louder than actual actions.
GOOD ACTING LYING BITCH!!!!!
BILL Clinton 

BILL Cosby 

CONSPIRACY
i wanna see her bank account before and after this speech...
Lol this women is going to get killed in a few days
American politics are indeed the best reality show ever.
Trump's on the ropes so Breitbart digs up old Juanita. Coincidence? I think not.
please vote donald trump
another great lie from the right wing media! So during the time when bill Clinton was campaigning and constantly surrounded by Secret Service he convinced his driver and agents to drive to this woman's hotel room so he could rape her.
"i am still afraid of him" so I will go public with the story..... I smell bullshit
I don't believe this but EVERYONE REMEMBER you can still vote for a third party candidate and if you don't know their values or candidates then please do some research to see if you agree with them
why are we just hearing about this now and not when he was the President....what a crock of shit!
The difference between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump on the subject of women is that Donald Trump sees them as things that can be rated and fucked and that they do not have the same worth as men. Hillary Clinton at least sees them as people. Yeah, she might have acted like a bitch to protect her career and tried to cover it all up, but at least she didn't say that the women were sluts. If Donald Trump had been in that position he would have said that they were asking for it and that they just did it for show and that it wasn't rape at all. He may have even commented on what he thought of their appearances and called them sluts or something else that is to disgusting to be in a YouTube comment. I would much rather vote for a person who puts herself and her family and her career over all of woman rather than a person who just sees women as cattle that can be judged and slept with.
People believe this shit LOL?
Desperation move by Trump camp LOL. I hope she gets out in jail for defamation.
If Bill allegedly "raped" her then why didn't she go after him years ago and have him carted off to jail?  I find it curious she's talking about it now.  Also,  Bill allegedly "raping" her  has nothing to do with Hillary.
WHAT BS
what the fuck is this xD that ending... if you're going to act atleast be professional none of this bullshit
Hillary and Trump are trash
lol now briebart cares about rape victims. Good job coming in when u want. You know there's defense mechanism that a woman has to resist pregnancy when raped says ur main audience
just grab her by the pussy
lmao Trump supporters are without a doubt completely brain dead.
american election is one big comedy.
I am def not a trump fan.   He has said some obvious hate mongering things.  However I just hate Hillary.   I think she sets women back more than trump (at least as far as his hiring record goes).  This interview brought me to tears.  Imagine trying to testify against one of the powerful people in the nation.   People can preach at me all day long about sexual words, this douche bags wife actually came after them.   Grab them in the pussy in words or actually defending it?   Fuck her.   As a real feminist (someone who believes you don't squash someone else to gain your rights) I find her repugnant.   And while I wouldn't normally vote for a man like trump I find myself about to check thT box.   This election is obamas legacy.     As south park said a giant douche vs a turd sandwich
This man should NEVER be in the White House again, ruining women's lives. Disgusting people would actually vote for Hillary after all he's done to women.
Where were the screams and secret service? Most times presidents don't have too much alone time. so we ripped clothes bloody lip and no witnesses? I hope she is lying.
Nice acting :) Very BIAS, nice try tho
Leading Questions Much?
Wow, tears and chills. This is horrific what this woman went through. I cannot believe that man has the chance to be back in the Whitehouse along with his cover Hillary. Sickens me.
I love the people that actually buy into this just because of this unsupported claim on the Internet. Stephen Bannon Trump's campaign manager is the chairman of Breitbart, how convenient is it that amongst the condemnation of trumps comments this interview is released. While in no way can anyone here can prove the legitimacy of her claim it has to be considered the timing of all this especially with the debates today. It also can't be denied that there is undoubtedly a potential for a personal agenda to deflect controversy on trump with this interview which is entirely possible as Stephen is chairman of this media outlet and could easily orchestrate this.
This makes me sick
they both suck we should find anyone else to vote for a girraf , cat ,or a dog !! anything but them !!
1,126 people don't think rape is a big deal.
We this is the last straw.

Bill Clinton has lost my vote.
I didn't know Bill Clinton is running for president... huh..
She deserved it.
i was accused of something i didn't do, look at her eyes it tells ya if she's telling the truth, the way she looks when she's telling the story.
It would be an honor to be touched by Bill...
Donald Trump is a sexist, discriminatory douchebag and Hillary Clinton is lying, manipulative evil birch. #dontvote2016
Trump paid her probably, no one would be that specific if it was true
Hillary Clinton's most public statement proving that she is not pro-life is called Benghazi
Bill Clinton is a rapist
sounds like she's making this up
Reporting this stuff 20 years later is fucking nonsens......
wow just fucking wow. this is how the campaign is, going at each other nothing to do with politics. as an American i think we been through to much to let this debate tear us apart.
Anything for changing voters opinions. You do realize people from either parties don't give a shit what you post? Trump supporters don't care that the leak bus video and Hilary voters don't give a shit about this.
WTF everybody are rapists in USA????  So who raped Hillary than?? UFO???
Jesus Christ. So we have a man who thinks sexual assault is okay and the wife of a rapist running for president. This election is a fucking joke.
FuckTtump
This woman isn't credible at all, no wonder only Breitbart will report this stuff.
Support for Hillary is support for RAPE.
She used the exact same line about her lip and her clavicle. I'm not saying she's lying but the details in the story are quite odd. 


You need to think about who would do this? Why would she open up to some low end journalist? 
I don't see anyone doing this without any money involved. 
She's aware of the timing so she had to have incentive to do this and incentive can affect the truthfulness of it all.

This probably happened, just as trump probably could have gone to jail a dozen time for sexual assault.

that's why intelligent people wanted Bernie but socialism is FAR scarier than a rapist corrupt cunt and moronic racist misogynist.
its very hard to believe woman when they call out rape.
I believe her.
People of America.... can we start this freaking campaign over? Aren't we the land of the free with endless possibilities? Let's not choose either one of these. I feel if we as a nation can get together and choose not to vote for these people, the nation would have to restart this campaign. It'll probably give us one more year with Obama, but one more year with him is a hundred times better than 15 minutes with one of these two candidates in the white house. It's like Brexit. If you see something going down a wrong track, why the fuck will you not stop it, turn it around and then put it back on the right track?
and we want this husbands wife as president? really wtf
this ugly bitch wishes someone would pay attention to her and touch her.
this bitch is a liar
Um she said THESE rumors were false and what a coincidence that those comes out after the trump audio and its from breitbart. I don't believe this. But if there is actual evidence I'm sorry. But at this time I believe this is untrue
Well, this is hard to dismiss. Damn this election is ugly.
Anybody that tells the truth about the Clinton's have every reason to be scared shitless. Most people in up " committing suicide" or just go missing or down right murdered!!
This has everything to do with Hillary..
Anyone else realize that this channel is all anti-hillary? 

And that in Trump's "apology", he was talking about how he would expose hillary today for intimidating people?
"In a sworn affidavit on Dec 23, 1998, Juanita Broaddrick denied an 
"unsubstantiated, hearsay claim" made by the Paula Jones' legal team 
that Bill Clinton had invited her (as Jane Doe #5) to a hotel room and 
forced her to have sex."
Breitard News is not really news you know? 

Please search "David Bossie" and "Life-long Clinton attacker hired to be Trump's Clinton attackerThe Rachel Maddow Show 9/2/16" 

Rachel Maddow explains how the Trump Campaing hired David Bossie to fabricate lies about the Clintons. So in case you are wondering why Trump started slinging mud at Bill Clinton since last month.
This poor woman :( FUCK BILL CLINTON. He should have never been elected as POTUS.
Bro don't get so hot and bothered, that was a stupid comment by you. Just chill nothing will be much different with Hillary or Trump. We went through 8 years of Obama and not like we are suddenly an evil empire. Live your life get a good education.
Where are the feminists now ... or are they just with women who are leftists . I doubt these feminists believe this woman ... but they will cry because Trump said a woman is fat ... fuck Trump ... but fuck Bill and Hillary too , a rapist and his accomplice .
B...B... But 11 years ago in private trump talked bad about women! His words are worse than rape!
ALL RIGHT THAT'S IT; I HAVE MADE UP MY MIND; FUCK HILARY CLINTON, IM NOT VOTING FOR THAT SICK WITCH; FUCK THAT FAT UGLY ORANGE TRUMP; NOT VOTING FOR HIM; IM NOT VOTING AT ALLLL
Paid for by Donald J Trump
he was still a good president :)
Whatever fits your agenda people! 

The same trump voters who call false flag on any terrorist attack in this country probably believe this woman without questioning things twice. 

Bias and agenda are cancer to objectiveness.
this needs to be main stream news look at bills track record and why in the world would a 70 year old women make this up its about more than Hillary becoming president its about a women or multiple  women being raped the day thats not taken serious and investigated is a sad day indeed nobody should ever do that to a female there should be no statute on time to prosecute
If this is true, thats shitty. 
but we do live in a world where evidence is needed before we start lynching people.
ALL RIGHT THAT'S IT; I HAVE MADE UP MY MIND; FUCK HILARY CLINTON, IM NOT VOTING FOR THAT SICK WITCH; FUCK THAT FAT UGLY ORANGE TRUMP; NOT VOTING FOR HIM; IM NOT VOTING AT ALLLL
1000 down votes by pro-rapists. Who knew Liberals were crawling with sex offenders.
I'm soo sorry
C'mon, get real. Look at this old hag. Nobody would rape that. LMAO!!
Jesus, is Trump really going to bring up Clinton's rape allegation at the Presidential debate? I'm not saying he shouldn't, but it's going to be pretty dramatic if he does, right?
Why are both of the major party candidates horrible people? People won't vote for Gary or Jill because they believe they don't have a chance. Guess what? If all of the people who say that we're throwing away our votes would also choose them, they WOULD have a chance. I feel so bad for this woman, but I also feel bad for every woman Trump has assaulted as well.
well good thing bill clinton isn't running for office retards you're trying to justify a rapist misogynist by saying that "well we already had one anyway" ...& somehow since bill clinton ALLEGEDLY raped someone we should elect someone whose been proven to have sexually ASSAULTED dozens of women, allegedly raped a 13 year old, and his ex-wife.... trump sheeple have some GREAT logic
What's wrong with you People?  Can't you see the Clinton's our the True EVIL here?
Breitbart News is a right wing political version of the National Enquirer.    Garbage in garbage out.
Donald Trump has had a case of child rape filed against him.
It's strange that trump supporters support this woman and thinks she's telling the truth I'm guessing you trump supporters also believe the woman who said Trump raped her when she was 13 in the 90's. Is breitbart going to do a video about the 13 year old Donald trump raped 
If you any of you fellow woman feel her pain... SHARE this on Facebook or Twitter, wherever you can! GET THE VIDEO SEEN. Liberal media will never do a story on this. Theyre twisted hypocrite scumbags.
Can we see a police report? Supporting evidence would be nice.
Even Breitbart knows Trump screwed up big time! That's why they're peddling out these old stories of Bill Clinton.
THIS PAYED BY TRUMP LIAR HAS CHANGED HER STORY 5 TIMESSSS
ok so if this happened why not report it when it happened? dumb bitch
it's not on CNN cause it's the Clinton new network.  media is bought and paid for...bias as fuck
A million dollar question is.. why she was quiet when Bill was running for the President?
  
wheres the proof tho?? and this is about bill not Hillary
and he will be the "first man" lets not.. voting for him is voting for a raper..
Hellary, ain't shit with her wicked ass.. Her, Trump, and her whack ass husband can go to hell..
omg can't wait for season 12 to be released next week. reality shows are so fun to watch lol
This is election time, the two candidates are trying to win.
I'm not surprised this is happening again.
how convenient that this video surfaces after the whole trump  comments
Wow
bhahahaha
who believes Brietbart.
Why would Bill have told Hillary that he raped a woman? If anything, Hillary probably thought something had happened between them- a consensual affair, which Bill had many of- and was angry at this woman. No rapist goes home and tells his wife about it.
Yea but Trump whistled at a FEMINIST. 
Everyone, we don't have to vote for. nor Trump or Clinton. We the people have the power to vote for a 3rd candidate . Stand Together !! or Die together
What a right wing news station goddamn
Lol Juanita Broaddrick whore ass liar
OHHHH PLEASEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE...
Hillary for Hell 2016
This is so believable. Breitbart News is so reputable.
why she waited this long to talk?
okay, Hillary isn't the rapist though...if any campaign nominee is near being a rapist it's Trump with his recently leaked audio. It is awful what happened to this woman, and it is horrible that this has been over seen, but is it really right that they're trying to use propaganda on Clinton even though she wasn't the one he raped him. Trump, and Mr. Clinton are sickos, and so is Hillary, she is crazy, but who are the true villains here?
Hilary wasn't responsible for this...
She is old she is probably retared
she is too ugly for bill noone wants 35 year old
For all of you who are seeing this for the first time: SHAME ON YOU. That means that you did NOT DO YOUR HOMEWORK about the candidates. This story IS DECADES OLD. So many of you voters are so fucking stupid that they had to interview this woman AGAIN just so you all would listen to the truth. WAKE THE FUCK UP. AND FUCK ALL OF YOU CLINTON SUPPORTERS.
Am I the only one who doesn't believe a word of this? And why wouldn't this be on a major news network if there was any credibility to her story? And we are not voting for bill Clinton for president... still watching the video and her story seems completely fabricated.
After the Lewinsky matter surfaced, Broaddrick said she started to get calls from reporters, but she refused to comment. Then she heard that prosecutors in the office of Mr. Starr were going to approach her. She discussed her options with her husband and her son, Kevin Hickey, a lawyer, and they decided she could not lie to Federal investigators.She recanted most of her story to F.B.I. investigators for Mr. Starr, breaking down when she got to the physical details and going no further. She made it clear that no one from the White House had ever tried to pressure her to stay silent.
http://www.nytimes.com/1999/02/24/us/on-tortuous-route-sexual-assault-accusation-against-clinton-resurfaces.html
She denied her allegation of rape under oath
WHAT DOES THIS SAY about America in 2016 when TWO narcissistic tyrants can be elected without having to answer to these charges?
Prodvozjemie saida
Don't let the corrupt Clinton's get away with corruption and run this country into the ground by distracting you with Trump trivia.
wow the trump campaign is getting desperate
Trump has apologized.

I don't understand WHY what Donald Trump SAYS over a decade ago is more important than what Hillary HAS DONE.
I'm sorry but why is this guy wearing nike socks with a suit?
How is she supporting Trump, who has also been accused multiple times of rape? I get not wanting Hillary, but how is a rapist better than the wife of a rapist?
F***k,I don't whom should American citizen should vote,One is Rapist's Wife,who saved her guilty husband another one want to make Big giant wall....and other insane ideas.
God Bless America
It would be better  if she didn't cry and tell the story straightforward.
So we have the wife of a rapist, or someone who said he could rape someone if he wanted to. You choose, America!
FUCK THE SHILLS
Oh look now Trump supporters care about women being raped when it benefits them
bill clinton should get killed by a clown, then go to hell
"After being approached by the FBI, Broaddrick consulted her son, a 
lawyer, who told her she could not lie to federal investigators. 
 After they promised her she would not be prosecuted for perjury 
regarding her affidavit in the Jones case, Broaddrick recanted the 
affidavit."

http://www.nytimes.com/1999/02/24/us/on-tortuous-route-sexual-assault-accusation-against-clinton-resurfaces.html
who wouldn't want some of lil billy
No one will care about this because the media will not tell them to.
Bullcrap
What a crappy interviewer!
CNN, The Clinton News Network
At least she met a celebrity.
Wait how do we know she's being honest there's lots of people who lie about getting raped all the time we don't have 100% proof of this being real guys
So this is what it has come to..... really Republicans? I revile both candidates in this election, but this is reaching deep beyond the void of reality...
one of the reasons why im going for trump...who wants
the Clintons as president...fucking ignorant bastards.
I know Russians have their own problems with Putin but sometimes I really do finding myself wishing we had a no nonsense, serious kind of leader like him. What we have now for leadership in the United States is a joke.
bill clinton should be charge for rape,
My only question/concern
With Trump there was actual audio and visual proof, making it legit. Here, this seems only justified by personal memories with some pathos... unless there is actual paper evidence, in that case I stand corrected.
ZERO proof for the zeros over at Breitbart

No evidence except some woman's word who changed her statement over and over again.
Relevant to this election is how Mrs. Bill Clinton abused the power of public office to silence Juanita and deprive her of due process for Bill's sexual assault.  Was Juanita audited by the IRS?  Was Jack Palladino hired to intimidate her into silence?
She has been rehearsing for years !those tears seem so automatic. I trust Brock Turner's victim 100% and the many victims of Bill Cosby but something is off here...
I was only 35 I am not old enough to fight back smh
Use my code PVT.Joker on the website Hellcat Skins for free money to use for betting on the site for CSGO skins!!!
You can tell she is a crooked liar!
What the fuck
yet trump simply talks like a man to another man in private and MSM cant stop talking about it
lying republican whore
Ivana Trump says under oath that Donald Trump raped her: 

http://wonkette.com/592221/donald-trump-never-raped-his-wife-and-even-if-he-did-it-was-classy
She has declared under oath it did not happen. And has also that it did happen ... recently she has restated it did happen ...after saying it did not happen ...
aannnnd of course she's doing it for trump so the he can talk about it during the debate lol
this is BULLSHIIIIIT
PAID FOR BY TRUMP
I don't give a shit about anything Trump has done. He's not the establishment. Hillary will continue the cultural Marxism and identity politics that are gradually regressing us and create a global government that will pick our leaders. We are already facing the potential of WW3 thanks to her policies.

I'd vote for a wet boot before I vote for Hillary.
Bill Clinton says,"you better put some ice in that." then left the room
This woman Trump paid to speak that story, there is something fishy here, nobody believed this false story, by money dances the dog
Well we definitely don't see this on CNN
Breitbart News is owned by the trumpanzee biggest donor Robert Mercer .
and this old lady is laying.
Meanwhile in the real world Breibart's own Steve Bannon has an actual record for domestic abuse. LMAO, you poor things your Trump dream is crashing.
Most White women are so easy. But once you fuck them they get into their feelings and want you to wife them. If you say you just wanted to smash... you raped her. They lie too much that's why they age quickly. Anyone who went to college knows how easy these broads are. Next story!!!
But did he grab her by the p###y? That is the question!
Fake crying is fake.
Hey put this on the news guys. wtf all I see is trump slander???
Hillary Clinton is Running for Presidency ...Not Bill Clinton
She's faking. That bit of "Why is it still so painful?" is in-you-face overacting and could hardly be more phony. Anybody who believes her wants to be fooled. 

Isn't it funny how conservatives can spot a fake when it pushes the feminist agenda but can't see it when it pushes theirs?
Hillary was like "better you than me" and laughed i bet that cunt. Bill Cosby and now Bill Clinton jeez
Her acting when she started crying was horrible.
I did a story on this for my school project recently . The truth needs to be told.
Juanita Broaddrick wasn't believed by Whitewater prosecutor Kenneth Starr. 

If the guy who was on a personal witch hunt against the Clintons didn't believe her, then she can't be believed!
Obama, please dont go...
This is getting so damn stupid,Bill Clinton is not running for President.Also Trump is supposed to be in court soom for raping a 13 year old girl .
Nope, I don't believe this woman for one second. There's a reason Breitbart is the only outlet running the story and no, it's not because of your "lame-stream" media fantasies. If this woman is so upset now, why did she testify that none of this happened?
lol I love all the damage control in the comments
HOW THE HELL DOES THIS HAVE ANYTHING TO DO WITH HILLARY CLINTON??  ANSWER:  IT DOESN'T!!!!  SHAME ON YOU BREITBART NEWS FOR TAKING ADVANTAGE OF THIS EMOTIONALLY FRAGILE WOMAN.
This video needs to go viral
Liberals don't care about rape.
I love watching ugly feminists try to defend Hillary's LONG record of rape apology.  How they flail about.  It's lovely.
Relieves?
this is fake af
Logic of Trump Supporters: ACCUSATIONS = ACTUAL RAPE. TRUMP HAS BEEN ACCUSED AND CHARGED FOR RAPING A 13 YEAR OLD GIRL. BY TRUMP SUPPORTERS LOGIC: TRUMP IS A CHILD RAPIST AND THEY SUPPORT HIM.
If Accusations are not labeled as actual rape, then Trump takes the cake. 

1. Two previous wives came out and said Trump raped them.
2. Females from the Apprentice said he sexually harrassed them. 
3. BIGGEST ONE:  A Woman FILED CHARGES AGAINST TRUMP THAT HE RAPED HER OVER N OVER WHEN SHE WAS 13 YEARS OLD. 

By the logic of Trump supporters which is ACCUSATIONS = ACTUAL RAPE. TRUMP IS A CHILD RAPIST.
#WomenAgainstHillary
wow ! never heard this before, wonder if she reported it to authorities back then. I knew bill was a pig, after the Monica thing, but never knew this
Fuck Hillary !!!!
This feels like it was written by Donald Trump
Love how this comes out right after Trump's video. We all know what you're trying to pull, Breitbart.
I don't know why but, I don't believe her!
Powerful video. My heart breaks for her. 
OMG I am so afraid of them so afraid.  So let me make sure I get an interview and put in on you tube.  Please.....this is disgusting.  And he raped her twice?
bill the womanizer
Someone give this woman an Oscar...
Fuck off Breitbart. You don't have any credibility.
the interviewer is a dumb fuck
Hillary running not Bill, all you trump fans are looking for the slightest thing to bash her for , how does that affect Hilary's campaign? Lmao she gonna rape men and cheat on Bill? Lol not a supporter but if your gonna bash someone , have a good reason ,
I wanna be president now
Under oath she said the rumours were not true. I wonder how much she's getting paid to lie now. Trump is desperate
So we have this, and we have allegations of sexual assault against Trump from many womenthat includes his former wife and a 13 year old girl. My conclusion? I'm voting for Antione Dodson.....
And no charges have been filed....
So why would she support Donald Trump that has sexual assault allegations against him Jill Harth, Rape Allegations and a court Case in December of an under age girl....Okay girl...rolls eyes..turn away from one supposed rapist to support another..
why isn't nobody talking about this
Bill was one hard up sob
Yet people will still vote for Hillary.
I'm a very liberal person and I believe her, but I'm still voting for Hillary, because Bill Clinton is not on the ballot!
To the idiots saying Hillary is running, not Bill: Hillary covered up a crime. She knew about it and protected the rapist. And Juanita wasn't the only one. The Clintons belong in the Big House, not in the White House.
its time for us the voters to not put dirty clinton at the white house im sad and astonished
trump was words,,,,not rape bybill and hillary
iam not sure she was good looking even at 120 pounds.
I'm surprised to see a Breitbart video trending on YouTube.
This woman looks like she is in immense pain.
fuck the Clintons
I imagine only a psychiatrist or another victim of rape could understand the reasoning (or lack thereof) behind Broaddrick thinking it was a good idea to attend a Clinton fundraiser three weeks after Bill sexually assaulted her. The rape trauma syndrome explanation for this woman deliberately placing herself in a situation where the odds of a run-in with her attacker were very good, is that she was in the denial stage and therefore it would not have made sense (to her) not to attend, namely, the attack rendered her traumatized and terrified to the point that denying the incident took place (a coping mechanism) overrode the fear she felt for her attacker. 
I'm sorry, but this explanation makes no sense to me. If one accepts this explanation
one must also accept the power or drive of the survival instinct, appears to have neither. I find this extraordinarily difficult to believe.
Ha! Fuck you clintons!
Im sorry, how is this hillary's fault?
I call bullshit, she failed to mention she was in the middle of an affair with another man while married to her first husband.
sheep, sheep everywhere...
When are people going to wake up and realize that the Clintons are horrible evil people? The fact that people are still supporting Hillary, after all the bad stuff that has been made public, really shows how bad we are as a country. We doomed!
Savage bill
I miss Bernie Sanders....
kinda weird for this to come up a few days after trumps leaked comments about how he could do anything to a woman and grabbing a woman's pussy,just saying.
Hahahaha I thought it could be a real video until I saw this is a Braitbart channel, then I stopped the video, hahaha I can't believe people watch braitbart, is ridiculous that Steve bannon a racist, bigot and redcneck, tried to dupe us with this fake video, just to try to take alleviate all the turmoil inside trump's campaign hahahaha
Well, we seem to be screwed either way...The two main candidates are a contedt between a batman villain and Snidely Whiplash. the only problem is...Which one is which?
THIS IS FAKE THAT WOMAN IS A PIECE OF CRAP THAT LIAR!!!!!
#voteforhillary
#VoteTrump
So people would rather have someone who's husband rapes people, has let people die on purpose, as a president over someone who says a few mean things. For fucks sakes
First year I'm actually able to vote and this is one of the worst fucking elections I've ever seen. This fat turkey neck is lying but does it even matter even more? Everything on both sides surrounding this election is complete bullshit. Most of you brainless cocks eat this dramatic shit up.
Oh an anti-hillary video is trending. Where are the trumpets crying that youtube is so extremely biased now?
#VoteforHILARY
This story was aired by NBC and published by the Washington Post. They found her story to be inconclusive. Nice try Donald. For those of you who hate research. Heres a snip-id of the story: 'Broaddrick was married to at the time, Gary Hickey, told NBC he did not remember the injury or her attempt to blame it on an accident. Myers said divorce records show Broaddrick's claim of an altercation in which she says Hickey hit her in the mouth. But she said this was a one-time incident.'  http://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-srv/politics/special/clinton/stories/broaddrick022599.htm
That's it! Not voting for Bill Clinton anymore!  LMFAO!
Hey Bill did it so it is ok for Trump to do it too!!!!!
THIS NEEDS TO GO VIRAL
Sorry Brietbart, this won't get your racist, xenophobic, shit stain candidate elected. It's President Clinton 2.0
This should be ON THE NEWS TODAY!!!
First of all, innocent until proven guilty. Ten years ago this same women was saying the exact opposite of what she is now. Now suddenly it's conviently important to her when she can make money off it. Second of all, it's Hillary that is running for president not Bill. How fucking dare you hill-billy bastards in the comments just treat Hillary as if she is nothing but an appendage of Bill, as if she can't think for her self. why the hell should Bill's actions reflect onto Hillary. You people will believe anything I swear....
But she's fat and ugly
I'm sorry, I won't believe this. I'll still vote for Hillary. I can't vote for a guy who said "pussy" 11 years ago. That immediately makes him unfit to be president. Nevermind the fact that Hillary has caused people to die due to her own negligence and how she constantly lies, we can't have a president who says things that hurts my feewings :(
Trump is bad but Hillary Clinton is deplorable
Dear Hilary! Why is it that Bill Clinton lied to the world about his sexual assaults and affairs? Why is it that you attacked his accusers and had private detectives harass them all? Why did Bill pay off in a settlement with Paula Jones? Why did you call them bimbos?  Why did you lie to the world about a video for weeks? Why did you bleach bit your emails that were under subpoena? Why did you smash your phones and computers with a hammer? I know why! Because the Clintons are monsters and they know simple folks don't care! But talk about pussy years ago and they are up in arms! Priceless!
... Did she ever report this to the Police? If this horrific act happened, this should man should have been arrested and prosecuted.  She was 35, not a teenager, she's an adult when this alleged rape happened; did she scream?  Did she try and fight back? Why didn't she tell someone about this crime shortly after it happened. This makes no sense at all.  She sounds like an attention seeking fraud, because she could have had him arrested immediately. The statue of limitations for Rape is years not days. This woman sounds and acts disingenuous!
God could come down and say HILLARY IS AN EVIL HAG and the CLINTON TROLLS would still say no GOD you are WRONG. When she lets in all the muslim rapist scum i hope they rape every single clinton supporter as they are ALLOWING this to happen because they worry about the word PUSSY. BTW this is my PRIVATE and PUBLIC position on this, unlike HELLARY who is taking all you dumb moronic supporters for a ride.
I can't believe YouTube is letting this trend
I'll always stand by the victim of any crime and/or violation of human, civil or any other rights. That said, I have few comments to make based on this testimonial and taking it as a truth word by word despite Breitbart being a source of pretty disgraceful editorials, headlines, and articles over the years.

In her testimonial, Juanita is talking about Bill Clinton assaulting her and then she points out that Hillary approached her and told her "I just want to thank you for everything you're doing in bill's campaign, and it's so nice to meet you" and then for no apparent reason Hillary decided to go from nice to crazy (which I don't quite understand from a pure logic point of view)  and said "Do you understand everything you do?" and from that sentence alone, Juanita assumed Hillary meant all the following things without any evidence at all:

1) Hillary supposedly knew Bill raped her

2) If Hillary supposedly knew, who told her? Bill? really? why?

3) She also assumed Hillary was intimidating her in particular, yet she is not making a single statement that justifies such conclusion.

4) Juanita is scared of Hillary Clinton becoming president because Bill raped her and cheated on Hillary... how exactly does this angle make sense? Hillary was cheated on, she was in the public eye, exposed as the wife of a cheating husband accused of rape.

5) Without hard evidence (I'm afraid there was no evidence in this case as opposed to Monica L. and some others) why should Hillary stand by you as a victim of a rape that was never proved? 

6) Yes, a victim of a rape should always be heard, believed and supported by giving them the opportunity to prove her case, which didn't happen in this case.

7) ANYONE in their right mind will try to discredit a case against someone you firmly believe to be innocent, why wouldn't you? you're literally asking Hillary to take your word for her husband's without any concrete evidence in a moment of extreme pain for her, so you're also focusing your attention on Hillary, who is also a different kind of victim in this whole story, rather than pushing your case forward against Bill until you see justice for your case.

8) You've openly supported Trump even after the release of a 2005 video in which he literally describes trying to assault a married woman... so I have a very hard time understanding why a victim of rape will accept such behavior when it comes from Trump towards other women... This would officially be the first time in my life I see a victim of sexual assault support another sex predator rather than standing by women in similar situations... especially when you could easily support Jill Stein, Gary Johnson or simply retract from voting because you are disgusted by all candidates.

Please help me believe you and stand by you... 

PS: If you're a Trump supporter reading this and are already thinking about any insulting thing to reply as you so often do with everyone with different opinions, I urge you to save your time and energy, I'm not planning on engaging in meaningless political discussions, I am not a Clinton supporter, I am not a Trump supporter, I wanted Bernie for president and he's not running any longer so I am not trying to convince anyone to vote for or against anyone.

Have a great day
check the trail of bodies the Clintons have left in their wake from Arkansas to the white house you sheep!
How much did trump pay this women to say this ??
Trump will do anything now to win lol what a fake ass president
but, but, but Trump SAID, only SAID to grab them. BILL DID grab her. WORDS HURT MORE THAN ACTIONS!!! TRIGGERED!!!!!!!!
This obviously has nothing to do with Hillary. Fuck bill and all that. But she's clearly not involved, poor woman being used as a prop.
the Clinton are evil...
Dear Ms. Broaddrick, I am very sorry for your experience.  Thank you for speaking out.
She is bringing this shit up again to make Hillary Clinton lose votes.
In these days both probably smoked some weed and then just misunderstood each other. Hey guys, this happened 46 years ago... And she is still crying about it today??? Perfect timing by the way... Fuck the brainless Trump!!! He will rape all of you!!!
I remember when Bubba got caught having sex with a young intern in the Oval office. the Democratic party statement was " His good outweighs his bad so he should stay". nice double standard.
690 dislikes ;)
so bill is a deplorable man which is what the public already believes. We were not raised in an age of not knowing who Monica was or that this is likely something that happened in the past. You are asking people to base their opinion on their spouses actions. How would it feel if I told any of you you're spouse cheated on you and did horrible things to women so you are a bad person for staying with them. Until you have experienced the devastation of divorce and how the idea of it can be intimidating you have no room to have a comment on someone else's choice in marriage. The vows state in sickness and in health, till death do us part. that is a tough thing to turn your back on, especially if you are a public figure.
kill the bastard kill the rapist , burn the Hillary a bitch enabler, if i was this woman i would serve him with a portion of coffee with arsenic to the mother focker die without know that he had been poisened.
Just curious how do we know shes telling the truth? I mean trump has a bunch of rape accusations against him doesn't mean they are true.
They are Frank and Claire Underwood!
Who thinks this video is going to be removed from the top trending videos at the moment?
Wow you have to be a horrible person to falsely accuse someone of rape.
Breitbart rocks the truth!  I'm sick to death of corrupt main stream media.
why this bitch lying. she offered the succ, he said yeye.
Finally somebody is actually reporting on the terrible things Hillary Clinton has done. Thank you!
i believe everything this woman says, but why do y'all believe her and want justice but not for the girls and boys in college that are raped on the daily?
-Trump makes lewd comments about women, like every male of the human species, and feminists label him as a sexist pig
-Bill Clinton literally rapes a woman, and Hillary defends him, but feminists say "meh, he dindu nuffin"
We're voting for Hillary not her husband
"Grab 'em by the Pussy"
Is there any proof of this?
dude I didn't know what I was in for
Bill Clinton is running for President?
FAAAAKEE
she's a yuge liar believe me so sad liar
White people are evil.
Very credible!!!!  35?  Thirty five hundred pounds of southern fried pork.  Really?
but Trump but Trump but Trump guys wake up Hilary is gonna be your worst thing you did in your life VOTE TRUMP FOR PRESIDENT
remember the Benghazi!!!!
As a "human" this is hard to watch ---- corn fed disgusting "skank."  Really?  Slick Willie would never hit up on something this hideous.  Too much Paula Deen, southern deep fried cooking.  Disgusting.  Stop attacking slick Willie.  ALL OF HIS CONQUESTS WERE CONSENSUAL!!!
you can see the mentality of clinton supporters when they try to compare this to Trump saying "grab them by the pussy"
Well, well, well...aren't the Mexicans the rapists?
Feminists call anything rape, but deny this.
Heartbreaking :(
Why isn't Clinton IN JAIL!!!
She's full of shit
Hillary is a fundamentally evil person. Even more so than bill. Bill is just a predator. Hillary is a globalist neocon warmonger who has enabled her predatory husband for her own political gain. Her whole life as led up to this one moment one month from now. All her crimes were in the service of this cause she hopes to achieve in 30 days. 

Vote for Stein, or anyone you like. But don't vote for her. Don't enable that kind of evil.
what a shitty interviewer omg
Honey you must have really changed in your old age old Bill the Raper to want some action.
Fuck the clintons and trump!! America wtf is wrong with you
Bill Clinton is just as bad as Trump.
how much did they pay her for this? where is the proof? and Breitbart News is reporting this!! ALT right horse shit.
i despise hillary like the next person.. but how the hell are people pro trump? i look at hillary and trump supporters like they are a bunch of morons.
Poor woman
We could've had Bernie. I swear all you idiots in both camps are retarded.
I CAN'T believe America is this retarded 

Is this even a presidential Campaign? they're not even saying what they going to do for you all they're saying Look this guy talks trash about women 

Look this woman is a liar


NO MATTER WHO WINS AMERICA ALREADY LOST FOR THIS CIRCUS
These corrupt politicians have to go to military prison!
Wow, "make america believable again"!!
okay, I won't vote for Bill Clinton, I will be voting for his wife this year.
#Trump2016
Lol bullshit!!!
If she indeed was raped, then this is horrible.  Unfortunately, it can't be proven and will have little impact, IMO :/
Doesn't matter who becomes president. Both will get impeached.
This women is not Meryl Streep, she is not capable of producing this kind of emotion artificially. To anyone who doubts what she is saying,  FUCK YOU.
"B-but... Trump said mean things that hurt my feelings!"

No one gives a fuck about your feelings you liberal pussy chuckle fucks. You are a cancer on society and are ruining the nation.
bullshit
So where are the police reports?
poor woman i hope she finds some peace , thank you for sharing your story !
Wow she's such a good actress...
Juanita Broaddrick, are you  lying on  former President Bill Clinton by saying he raped you or are you trying to bring some attention to yourself so people will say Juanita Broaddrick had enclosure with the former president of the United States Bill Clinton?
I didnt know we were in 1992...I thought Hillary was running for president...Not Bill...
I didnt know we were in 1992...I thought Hillary was running for president...Not Bill...
who is this new channel? (like I mean I've never heard of them)
I pray for her. She's in her seventies? I was trying to do the math. I've never been like oh she's lying about tape. but trump has done more and worse. so.. what do we do? the raper or the wife of the raper?
How much did trump pay this lady with money from his charity to do this?
"But Trump said the word pussy and he has a sex drive and that isn't presidential..."
you just pretended to crying so the media feel sorry for you I don't think so Bill Clinton raped her. Just wanted the trumpet to be her president of her
My question is why is Hillary still with Bill after she knew he raped another woman and he banged a chick in the Oval Office? Doesn't she feel disrespected that bill prefers another woman? Probably not since she's a fucking pig too
she's afraid for her life
Before in the 1999 NBC interview she said that he pushed down on her right shoulder. In this interview she says he pushed down on her left clavicle.
To bad bernies not the nominee. He's just a really good guy with great leadership qualities . This entire election has just been a he said she said. We should all be sad this is what has come of all this. So stupid.
breitbart is a right wing joke just like infowar.
I feel that there is no doubt that Bill Clinton could do or would do something like this. But people are lumping in Hillary Clinton unnecessarily with him too. She most likely truly did not believe her husband, the president of the United States did this at the time, so of course she would stand by him. I would assume she believed this Juanita person made up a story for publicity, it does happen, so there would be some "intimidation" going on. When you think about it, the reason Hillary could be so "emotionless" today is the mental scarring she got from finding out her husband lied to her on multiple occasions. Idk, just my opinion.
lol how much did trump pay for this shit this only to get more vote so stupid how people think is real
Seeing Bill Clinton's history, I definitely believe this could be true but I care a lot more about what Hillary can do politically than what they possibly covered up privately
FAKE
I'm confused why people are influenced by this. This, if it happened, was 40 years ago, she accused him 18 years later with no evidence or witnesses and the hotel shut down, she denied it in court 21 years (so if this is true, she lied under oath) after it happened, she got married 3 years after, and she just conveniently gets this exclusive interview now?! I know people are gullible, but come on, this is far too fishy to not be paid off.
It's hard for me to take this seriously, for all I know this is a retaliation by Trump. Any other time, sure. But this will not change anything. Bill Clinton isn't running for president. His wife is, and she is as much a victim of his actions as any one else. And she's not the only wife to stick by her man either.
This is horrifying....
Btw it's sooo strange that people of the USA pay so much attention to the bedroom facts. The main thing is the corruption. And hillary is a nominee of corruption. Prosperity from others poverty. Do the dem voters really choose that path?And if they do, do they realize the consequences?
I call bs. The timing is too coincidental
MAN I LOVE HOW REPUBLICANS ARE HYPOCRITES. THEY ARE MAKING ME CRINGE. 
When did this happen?
Wait is there proof for this or are these just allegations? Did she report this? We can't just call people rapists unless we have reports or proof about it. Until we have that, we can't accuse anyone or use this as evidence. People have been destroyed by fake rape accusations
she's lying. .
But noooooo trump is the sexist one... what a fucking joke our media is
Dies of suicide the next day
Don't scroll down nothing but salty Trumptards mad, their master lost the election already
All you liberal scum faggots down voting this are proving once again what kind of evil POS and hypocrites you truly are.  Trump just says some perverted crap and that's worst then the Clintons raping and killing people according to you retarded pathetic liberals. It's truly insane how dumb and evil people can be.  By the way I am not a republican.
I'm not concluding that this didn't happen, but I'd sort of like to know why she agreed to be in a hotel room with Bill Clinton or any man she wasn't interested in to begin with.
Ok so now who's winning? Hilary or Trump...I mean they're both morons.
lol look at her crocodile tears.
Wow... America, is either going to be led by a rasict, sexist  man. Or a completely corrupt, and evil woman. America, are so royally screwed.
But what about Mrs. Broaddrick's signed 1998 affidavit in the Paula Jones lawsuit where Mrs. Broaddrick swore there was no non-consensual sex between her and Bill Clinton?  Hmm...
Yep try to still say that Hillary is for women.
how ironic this comes out right after trump got exposed
Did this woman immediately file charges after?
Hey Breitbart, are you going to only report on the alleged victims of Bill Clinton? Why, not do the same for Trump? Trump has had dozens of allegations of sexual assault against him and has been accused of raping a 13 yo. However, Breitbart has been silent on those allegations. I am not saying Donald Trump or Bill Clinton are innocent, nor am I saying they are guilty. The evidence against both men is too miniscule to make a proper judgement. Though, with so many allegation against both men, some are likely true. However, at least be fair with your coverage. Also, if you are going to report on this story give all the information. Juanita Broderick isn't the most reliable source of information; she changed her story of how she was raped multiple times ,and at one point recanted her claims against Bill. Juanita's story could be true, but the only evidence we have are her allegations, which were ever shifting.
I did not have sex with that women, or that women or that women..oh wait I'm married. .
next she will be saying Bill Cosby raped her...what a crock of bullshit
All of this could've been avoided is we just voted for Bernie Sanders. For fuck sake.
Ya she was saving this story for a good time
According to her gestures she either not lying or extremely well prepared.I'd give 10% probability that it's a lie in any form or less. Groundbraking.
I'm more interested in the recent revelations of that FOX "News" culture.
Jesus this election is some fucked up shit
All a more reason to vote Donald Trump! Enough of the clintons! We Trump supporters are a family! And family sticks with family till the end!
#Trump2016  #EndTheTrend  
#MakeAmericaGreatAgain
Hillary will ignite the second civil war ....John titor
We all know of Bill Clinton's deplorable past, but I think this woman is making it up as she goes along!!!  Fake, Fake, Fake!!!
I am not a Clinton supporter. I hate Hillary with every fiber of my being, but unless this woman has concrete evidence, I will not believe her.  There are professional liars out there, with unknown motives. They are so good at it. you would never suspect anything for 30, 40 years. And suddenly you catch them in a clear lie. And even then you have trouble believing the truth
There is a recording coming out in which Trump uses the N-word. That may force him to drop out because so many Republicans will have to pull away. For those who at least want to get the truth out, get this on social media.
We have a retard on one side and a monster on the other. How the fuck did we get to this point
Are you Hillary retards going to wake up now?! They're fucking scum, get it through your head.
Lmao this looks fake as fuck
I'm Thankful  Juanita has came forward with her tragedy it's obvious she is genuine and has struggled with this for decades..The Clintons need to be stopped for crimes against democracy , crimes against Americans .
No one would fuck this slob what a joke, nice try whore
Killary for prison!
so you telling me that either way america is fuck

(if Donald trump becomes president he going to make world war 3)
(if Clinton becomes president america is going be called rapist)
(Donald for once in my life am in you side and also think about this rape, we us Mexicans might be raspiest but there are also some Americans that are also raspiest)
this will be one interesting debate tonight
but Hillary think they are stalkers?
hillary clinton did not rape this crazy bitch... pretty convenient   she must have run out of money
LOL! so hiliary lets her husband rape women? why? even as a trump supporter I find this billshit
Fuck The Clintards and all the liberal scum that supports them.  To hell with all you.
Hillary Clinton is DEPLORABLE!
in your face Hillary
good thing is Bill Clinton is not running for the presidency ! but trump is  and he is still doing the same thing to women he did years ago!
Damn youtube and their Hillary propaganda!
Trump would have just grabbed her by the pussy
damn both bill and trumo can't keeo their hands off women. Now trumo rape allegations are coming out, and women are gonna be on the nes just like this woman telling their experiences with trump.
Sickening that this video has 500 dislikes..
more of trumps propaganda smh. your tax dollars at work
The difference between Clinton and Trump is exactly nothing. Zilch. Zero. Rapists, predators......thank God we can stop Trump before he hijacks the Presidency.  As much as i feel for Juanita, and I DO believe her, I fail to see how this public pain and indignity is helpful to her or to american females as a whole.  Believe me we know what Bill Clinton is and was.  I wish peace for this poor woman... and absolutley believe she is truthful about this sexual assault.  However I find her Hillary claims to be less credible, to me that part does not synch. nor does her claim that HRC was referring to a sexual assault rather than his infidelity.  In either case she is not at fault in any way.
hahahahahahaha fuckin funny the right wing only cares about this bullshit skanks story now also Bills not running idiots
she looks like trump granma!
wait didn't Trump beat and rape his ex wife, because she recommended a plastic surgeon that that did a bad job. if your asking why she didn't talk about it on TV, it because  a gage order was part of the divorce settlement so she can't talk about it.
Sooo is there proof ???
trump might say something wrong at times, but he would NEVER physically assult another woman.




unless its his daughter
She's lying.
Does this remind any 1 else of house of cards?
Im speechless....
pretty damning
80k and trending?  YT is clearly pro trump
Where's MSM and Democrats condemning Bill and Hillary??? This is beyond disgusting. Even after all we know about this man and his wife we can all feel safe/assured with them getting back into the White House? What the hell is wrong with the human race?
I really didn't want to believe it, but, damn, even professional actors, who study drama for many years, wouldn't be able to deliver a fiction "in one take" so convincingly. Either she's the next Meryl Streep or she's telling the truth (in which case Clinton should be castrated with a dull knife)
I wonder how much she got paid for this.
Why are Americans obsessed with brands? Both Clinton and Trump are brands. This obsession and comfort in brands needs to stop.
How sad. She can't be allowed in the White House.
Fuck the Clintons, Goddam all of them
We don't see this on CNN.
bill clinton will go to hell for doing this to you.
Why is she now releasing this statement. She could have done this way before the start.
Interesting to note that Google has parked the view counter at 80,200 views. They really don't want this gaining traction. You'll notice a conspicuous absence of mainstream media coverage on this as well...
I don't blame her,how many people are now dead because of Bill and Hillary Clinton.
fuck the Clinton's dude
TRUMP 2016

the only "commercial" which isn't against trump. and the only one, which wasn't paid
Why is she just coming out now? This is an honest question, I feel like both of these candidates are pure ass. Trump and Clinton so I'm not on anyone's side.. I'm just wondering why she's coming out right now, and not during Bush's or Obama's term. It seems kinda suspect.
Why is the view count not increasing?????
Kathy Shelton TALK ABOUT KATHY SHELTON TOO. DR. JILL STEIN FOR PRESIDENT 2016!!!
Think it's completely made up, she's just doing it for publicity. So many women are raped and are too afraid to speak out and it's liars like this woman that cause that. :/
Wonder how much Trump is paying her.



someone will get triggered... Sorry folks, i simply don't believe her. I would feel sorry if this is real, but i simply don't believe her. I don't give 2 fucks about Bill either and i don't like him at all.
This comment section shows why Trump should not win. Very scary. America will become Nazi. Well apparently it already has Nazis in it. And they think they are better. Which is exactly what the issue is.
need beats check out my store https://www.myflashstore.net/profile/croc716
Kudos for her bravery - it is no small thing to cross the Clintons, many have tried, and failed.  Such an awful ordeal - scarred her for life.
I find it disgusting that there is so much rape and sexual issues involved in a presidential election. So much is wrong with these people. It makes me scared for my child to grow up with these topics as casual fodder. Why do people have to turn to a media outlet to talk about this instead of the police when it happens? The media won't serve humanity justice.
Juanita's a bigger hero than than the whole pompous clinton administration combined.
Wow, very sad. Living through the 70's and my own experiences I believe this woman. How very horrible.
Terrible interview. Wtf kind of questions. Jesus. Looks staged.
and just now she desided to talk
she lyin she good at crying but she faking just want the attention
Get a lawyer! What is the purpose of making this video? I'm no Lawyer but I'm sure if this story were true, a decent Lawyer would tell this Bullshitter to shut up and take Bill Clinton to court. It's not there because she has no evidence and now using this video to gain attention. Call a lawyer and see who would defend you!
Get a lawyer! What is the purpose of making this video? I'm no Lawyer but I'm sure if this story were true, a decent Lawyer would tell this Bullshitter to shut up and take Bill Clinton to court. It's not there because she has no evidence and now using this video to gain attention. Call a lawyer and see who would defend you!
views stop to 80200  is that normal ?
One clinton rapes woman other Clinton rapes countries.
vote for Trump
people make your vote mean something to YOU..vote for Jill Stein..
Terrible! NO MEANS NO!!!!!
this bitch hates hillary. she loves bill Clinton......
I clicked on this video expecting to see an emotionless women stutter as she told her "survival story." But honestly, I really really believe her. She cried and I felt the pain in her voice. This is horrible. #fucktheclintons
Poor lady shot herself in the back of the head twice then threw herself into a garbage bin
She was in an affair and a failing marriage at the time. She was obsessed with the Clinton campaign and offered to volunteer but when she realized she wouldn't have a direct role pivotal to Bill, she lost it. Went back to her hotel room, roughed herself up and called a friend. She has never made these allegations under oath and the story seems to disappear whenever the possibility of contempt of court or purjory comes up.
WOW !!! really lets crucify Trump and let the Woman who killed  or let be killed 4 Americans in Bengazi, Same woman tried to ruin the lives of the ladies who her husband raped. Same woman who was Disbarred from being a lawyer. Same woman who lied about the emails that were classified. Same woman who (((laughed))) about getting a rapist off after he raped a 12 year old little girl. And you idiots want Hillary Clinton to be Americans leader.
Reply
Vote Trump
Fuck Trump!
you all of you just liar like a trumpet maybe you like the trumpet that why you all such a liars what hell you all .
sorry it sounds fake
Lmao Fuck Trump!
Have you ever considered that you are just swallowing what the Right wing elites are selling you?
WOW what a convenient time for this to come out  I'm smelling bs
Lmao !!!!! She's scared that Hillary become president  Lmao Stupid. She should be scared of Trump , wtf.
I wonder why nobody brought out her testimony before Bill Clinton was elected...
"If Hillary wins, and it's looking that way..." The MSM has traumatized her further by falsely signaling the end of Trump's campaign! The media propagandists deserve to be shot along with the Clintons and all the oligarchs behind this whole edifice of corruption - financial, and also moral corruption. 

Death to the establishment which feigns concern about "treatment of women," while promoting every sort of sexual degeneracy and degenerate, like Bill Clinton!
Please show at least a single piece of proof
Brietbart makes Fox News look like Albert Einstein
Clinton's are raping this election
Her story has changed several times.
I heard Donald's video. it was bad, but remember two things. He was nota taxpayer funded politician at anytime in his life andtrim is what every physically & mentally straight/ bi man on mother earth spends most of their lives either chasing or talking about! If you think women do not talk and act the same way, then someone is kidding themselves!What I find extremely alarming is that ANYONE would AIR/TELEVISE/PRINT or in any way hate a political candidate so much that they would let the entire world hear words that were NEVER meant to be heard by anyone other than the person Donald was talking to!This is not dirty politics, this is madness, the democrats and liberal media have stooped down into the bowels of hell to air this trash, It has nothing to do with anything. Unless you can walk on water or are a mother Teresa, you have said or did something close to what Trump said. he did not RAPE anyone, Clinton did! On the taxpayers dime!
BILL CLINTON IS NOT RUNNING FOR PRESIDENT SO STOP TALKING ABOUT IT
And Trump went on a date with a girl, bought her new furniture and she wouldn't sleep with him and as it turns they were still friends because Trump didn't force himself on her.

Sure he told a rude story about how when you're a star some girls will "let you" do anything. Key Words "let you". And when they don't it turns out he doesn't force it. 

Sounds like that's the right thing to do if you ask me.
Who would want to rape that fat lady , wtf.
1932: omg look how bad Stalin is he is killing all these people! Let's vote for Hitler he can end the communist menace. This sums up the 2016 election
Bill Clinton, polygraph test. -- Dr. Phil Reveals Polygraph Results for Bill Clinton ...
this is coming from a woman who already had kids in the 1960's, turned middle age, is older than Bill Clinton, and was having an affair with another man. Bill Clinton was just recently married to a young woman who looks a lot better than she did in 1979.
I did not do it. Bill LOL
This poor woman is so distraught and upset but the interviewer has the sensitivity and charm of a cross examining prosecutor.
this woman is truly brave
Bill Clinton isn't even the one running for president. Why is Hillary's campaign being criticized for some dumbass thing her husband MIGHT have did decades ago?
Bill sells me weed and Hillary sells me crack and ass daily...
Theres no surprise if this video is taken down...
seems incredibly credible
I can't believe im actually seeing this on youtube trending.
I guess the staff at youtube have some bit of a soul left
Going to be honest.  I didn't watch this video because I don't want to hear the horrible things he did to her.  Juanita already has my sympathy and support as does the Don.  the clinton's already have my hate and always will.  But thumbs up to the video anyways, sorry I couldn't give you the full length watch though.
why are these horrible people still walking free?  Countless women are suffering because of these two villains.
I feel sorrow for these victims as I have known rape.  It will never leave you.  God bless you, brave woman.
When is MSNBC gonna cover this...oh I guess there somewhere planning a media blackout just like they do to Jill Stein policies..
who would rape your ugly ass
Bill Clinton is without a doubt a horrible person, but his crimes are mostly unconnected to Hillary
Damn all these scandals coming out from the past from both candidates, I feel sorry for America's future...
do we think hillary respects other members of her own gender?
OH please!
We need to believe the victims
The only evidence of this is her testimonial which, after years of denial, is shaky. I am not saying rape is ok or if this happened that it is ok, just that this may not be true because the evidence isn't damning at all. Also, she merely interpreted that Hillary threatened her, so she may not have at all. Everything about this story is based on a single testimony.
I hope this woman gets justice
Just remember, trump is going to court on the 14th because of accusations of raping a minor, on top of that, he's been accused of rape by former wives. Bill Clinton has also been accused of rape, these are just accusations, innocent till proven guilty. However, I do believe both are rapists.
I bet trump has this woman by the pussy and in his pocket. What a caring rapist. Go put some ice on your lip.
meanwhile the media is so concerned about some dumb things trump had said. who gives a damn of what petty things trump said in what he thought was a private guy talk conversation. she is 100X more corrupt, she's actually evil and the two idiots should be in federal lockup
OMG what is wrong with Bill Clinton??
First of all bill Clinton isn't running for president, and second this is a major supporter of trump
This is just horrific. I have tears streaming down my face. If the Clintons get near the WH, I honestly believe that will be the end of America - which is already balancing on the precipice to oblivion.
Busy weekend for the propaganda machine after the emails were dropped. fucking disgusting.
wonder how much trump paid her to do this
This is old news, Trump please talk about issues, this will get us nowhere.
"grap her by the pussy" how can people defend this CLOWN
Holy shit!
We need to  SHARE THE SHIT OUT OF THIS!!!!
Desperate much Breitbart? LMFAO
HATE THE CLINTONS AND THEIR GOONS
Lies...
Will the (((media))) report on this?
Interesting that this comes up right after Trump right? Either way Hillary will win in November. All you Trump supporters have already lost. I feel bad for you.
We had Bernie but America is stupid
This story is 40 years old and has been proven false many many times
Hillary is a complete piece of crap.  If she wins the presidency, the economy will crash, jobs will go oversees and to Mexico, domestic terrorism will be rampant, and crime would go up 1,000% all over the country.  If she bans guns then rapes, carjackings, and robbery's will be completely out of control.  She MUST NOT win.  She is already lied under oath to congress, committed federal felony's and is responsible for the murder of 4 Americans in Benghazi.  #NeverHillary
I mean this is Breitbart...so I wanna believe this but I can't take it too seriously considering it's coming from a biased news source. But it's probably true.
lmao, trump supporters pretending to care about this woman or her story.
what a year this has been
What happened to this woman verses the Trump issue is quite different first of allAs one can google the thirteen year old was stripping and lied about her age.this happened at a party.Trump was not in politics back then.Bill was.
All of a sudden this case against Trump comes up probably because Clinton has been exposed for the corrupt bitch she is by Wiki Leaks. So that's something to think about.Trump is NOT a racist and Wiki Leaks showed the DNCs little plan to show he is.
I understand the concern over voting for Trump but let's drop the PC bullshit, it's his experience like in foreign policy that's a concern. While you SJWs cry we might be going to war with Russia. You want that?
Trump said he wanted to work with Russia.Hillary says the opposite yer there's that Uranium thing.Hillary is a lying piece of shit.Trump is a gamble because he's never been in politics.
But the established are losing their shit over Trump, their scared.The establishment have been fucking us over for a while now, so, same ol same ol?Or do we gamble?
That's the question.
Over a thousand people commented on this lie. Wow! Now how many are you going out to do something about it and vote. People are making money off you secretly warring on YouTube. 
yet the main stream media acusse danald for remarks years yet glorifies mr. bill clinton and let hillary get away with email scandals.
I'm just here for the comments. Btw Bill is not running for President his Wife is. Besides the point tho I guess. Imagine what Hillary had to go thru being married to him. Anyway carry on folks
Big difference from boys locker room talk.
some people forget that, bills not the one running for president, hillary is.
Haha. "Sudden" response from Trump.
funny how this come ups right after trumps taxes come up
Is Bill Clinton a rapist? Probably. Do I think Hillary intimidated the women into being silent? I could believe that. Will I vote for Trump? Not a damn chance. Should Bill be charged for this? If true, definitely. Is he going to? No. Both Clintons and Trumps aren't worthy of the position of POTUS.
Lol Trump is now paying professional actors to make up stories about the Clintons just to throw his "grabbing women by the pussy" story under the rug. This woman is lying through her teeth. They should give death penalty for false rape accusations and make them go through real rape so they learn to never lie, filthy whore.
She's been telling the same story the exact same way for nearly 40 years. I believe everything she has to say. Moreover, the only thing that Bill Clinton had to say regarding the accusation was the he did not sexually assault Juanita, which is to say that he has not denied having sex with her. So, the sex was either consensual or it was rape. Given Bill's track record and the way Juanita tells her story, I'll take Juanita's side of the story as being the actual account of what happened.
if this is true why doesn't anyone else report this except far right outlets like drudge and infowars....because it's bullshit
you can't really believe until  we get hard evidence
Bill Clinton = Bill Cosby
Bill has the best rape lawyer in the country, why would her worry who he rapes, he has a free ticket to rape anyone he wants. Kathy Shelten was a 12 year old girl who was raped and beaten and left in a coma, too bad Hillary represented the rapist. He only did 2 months in jail. Congratulations Hillary, you must be the best rape lawyer ever!
all vote St. Donald Trump say I..
Did Bill grab her by the pussy?
Well, you should make up you mind. You are going to support a vulgar guy who likes to act macho in front of his friends or a pimp who is in the business of covering up her husband's rapes?!
HILLARY IS A SCUM SUCKING WHORE, BURN IN HELL HILLARY
dreaming much bitch.
Bill Clinton: "I want to say one thing to the American people. I want you to listen to me. I'm going to say this again: I did not have sexual relations with that woman, Miss Broaddrick. I never told anybody to lie, not a single time; never. These allegations are false. And I need to go back to work for the American people. Thank you."
She looks like a Trump supporter.
The Trump deplorables are stroking it to this one...
Why did she deny that Bill Clinton raped her in a sworn affidavit?
Hillary Clinton a Feminist?
both of are possible president are fuck in the head im going to Canada
so sad and they want  to  talk about  Trump go figure
What perfect timing
and the oscar goes to..
Bill's Crimes Matter
Danm... America's screwed.
TRUMP SAYS DUMB SHIT, BUT THE CLINTONS HAVE DONE DREADFUL THINGS. THAT'S THE DIFFERENCE.
yikes  _ 
Call me insensitive, but I'm a stickler for evidence. There is more evidence of the existence of unicorns than Bill Clinton raping Juanita Broaddrick. 

When this incident first happened, there wasn't any evidence either. And now, there still isn't any evidence.
Fucking corrupt shitty anti American anti human clintons- vile snakes. They g after trump over a decade old audio tape and this fucking corruption IS HIDDEN. NO LONGER! TRUMP2016
At this point I'm not surprised at all. I've decided that voting for either one is pointless both have great flaws trump just likes to fuck and says the stupidest shit and Hillary is scummy and lies so I just give up. Good luck America.
We should also force the chilD that was rapedd by Trump to relive that for us to sensationalize! BECAUSE POLITICS!!
Can't wait for liberals to defend rape.
...
BULLSHIT
I'm surprised she is still alive. The Clinton's usually don't leave witnesses....
omg, anyone believing in the Clintons at this point in time should be taken out back and shot. I rather have someone talk dirty to me than potential have me killed due to lack of consideration and greed.
This is fake
This doesn't add up at all? Everyone can't just believe everything they hear and believe it's true. Y'all would think if a former President did rape someone then there would be an investigation and evidence would be found. But there have been too many fake allegations in the past and this seems like another one. How come Broaddrick is coming out now? This seems like another cheap media company making up a bull shit story because they're in need of attention to make a profit in their pockets.
This election has turned into some Jerry Springer shit..
Video seems to be removed...
Hypocritical Clinton supporters. If they had any morality, they would take a look at themselves and evaluate their positions in life.
Bill deserves the death penalty
Bill Clinton is a rapist and Hillary is an enabler!!! spread the word
THE USA WILL BE GREATLY PUNISHED IF THEY ELECT THESE SCUM BACK INTO THE WHITE HOUSE. EXPECT MORE WAR, CORRUPTION & LIES & POSSIBLY A MAJOR CONFLICT WITH PUTIN. BUT THEN YOU MAY TAKE A CLOSER LOOK AT YOURSELVES, YOUR COUNTRY& TOTALLY MORALLY CORRUPT MEDIA & POLITICAL SYSTEM. THINK VERY CAREFULLY AMERICA OR YOU WILL GET THE FATE YOU DESERVE...
society is crazy back in 2008 i said there would be a backlash against 
black america for electing obama just being black did not mean obama was
 pro black it meant it would be easier to screw over the minorities in 
favor of political gain. guess what ladies same trick different minority
 and another backlash.
In a sworn affidavit on Dec 23, 1998, Juanita Broaddrick denied an unsubstantiated, hearsay claim made by the Paula Jones legal team that Bill Clinton had invited her (as Jane Doe #5) to a hotel room and forced her to have sex.

Under oath, Broaddrick said the rumors were untrue.
It would have been kinder ( in my opinion ) to have had a woman conduct this interview.
thats it!!! the Clintons need dealt with!!
I remember when things like this happen during his administration. I was a bit disgusted at the president having affairs but I didn't realize it was shear rape! and the media never ever represented it as such they always trashed the victim. the clintons are a horrible obscenity to American and their freedoms.
Evidence?
It's very tragic to hear her story, but I could barely understand what the interviewer was saying. I have so much sympathy for Ms. Broaddrick, but Breitbart messed when they allowed Aaron Klein to talked to her. He's not showing any sincere emotion & the microphone isn't working. This interview should be done by ABC, NBC, CBS or CNN. Give it to someone that will be there to comfort her.
She's a hoe so she's crying
What a brave woman! I'm not a SJW by any means but this woman needs to be heard. Hillary is such a anti feminist!
I bet Crooked Hillary laughs and jokes & calls her husband, president Bill Cosby. Jaunita is not the only woman who says Bill raped her. People need to wake the fuck up
''Y...Yeah but Trump said stuff that hurt my feelings!''
BILL CLINTON IS NOT RUNNING FOR OFFICE. 

Failed Tactics.
BOTTOM LINE IS... TRUMP IS DONE!
The Clintons can not take the High Ground on sexual behavior,
D.J. TRUMP is a man like any other - and a rich man meets many women,
but on a moral level - Trump has had more success, wealth, marriages, and more children than Clintons.
wheres the evidence tho just because she says it doesn't mean its tru
She's not lying...that much is for sure...she remembers every detail...like it's burned in her mind
The Clintons make me sick!!!
America, who is your third party vote going to? Absolutely not Trump not Clinton. Or who will you write in?
bastard, such a fucken bastard. bill and hillary need to be in jail.
where is the concrete proof? that bitch can be paid off by the Trump campaign, how convenient they put her out now. cmon I'm only 34 but I'm not stupid. there is a lot of proof on Trump though. a lot. concrete proof. but u guys let him get away from it. 
Talk about a war on women
Should be a fun debate.
This is just another filmed video to try to get Hillary to lose, btw this was not the woman he raped!
What a joke! Hahaha from Monica Lewinsky to this? Yeah that makes sence!
Clinton's need to be put away for everything they have done especially Hillary
PS Breitbart isn't real news!
that rapist asshole should burn in hell. fuck the Clintons
At least Trump would've eaten a Tic Tac
It appers to me that Hillary was practicijg that old rule of hers that we just learned about: you have to have a public face wnd a private face. She sent goons to tell one woman that she had a really pretty cat, wouldn't want anything to happen to it. The next day she found her cat...dead in front of the front door.I encourage all who are voting for Hillary Clinton find the video on youtube where the 12 year old girl whose raped talks about in an interview and how she was lied about by HRC She gets very specific about how the things that were said by HRC made her feel She states she was beaten and her vagina was torn and had stitches. She was a 12 year old virgin when the rape occured and was not able to have childen due to the internal damage from the rape.HER LIFE WAS RUINED AND HRC LAUGHED .This is not just the audio video about it ; it is an actual interview with her. Warning: it may make you cry....I did!
I believe Trump will win but which ever way it goes November 8, I'm afraid this lady's life is marked, along with others' like her, soon after the election.
I wish I could give her a hug...
Good thing I don't live in the USA.. I can't imagine having to choose between the lesser evil
She said, "I was only 35 at the time". I guess being "only 35" makes a person naive and vulnerable. Is she telling the truth?
This lady can't be lying
Which is worse? Trump making a bad joke of grabbing pussy of "any woman", or Clinton making a bad joke about drone-killing a critic who is revealing how a president candidate has lied under oath, I genuinely wonder. I won't vote either.
I am soo sorry for this lady. KILLARY FOR PRISON!!! BILL CLINTON IS A RAPIST!!!
The Clinton's day will come to hunt them.
can't believe this creature is allowed to run for president...
lies
i smell BS lol
Breightbart, you should have kept the interview in sequence.  I understand this lady and I can feel her pain within me that I cannot dought her.
A made up interview! BIG LIE! We are talking about Hillary and trump not Bill and trump!
Action speaks louder than words. Go for the Jugular Donald J. Trump. I do not support or condone the words that were captured on the hidden mic, but it pales in comparison to the history of these two monsters that share the same Clinton last name. I will still vote for you and Mike Pence on Nov. 8th cause I'm voting for the Presidency of the United States of America, a leader to lead the free world, not a Saint.
Wow, this is yet ANOTHER version of her story. She has at least 6 versions now. She was cheating on both her husband and her boyfriend at the time when she had this dalliance with Bill. 

I normally believe rape victims, but this has already been tried. She said under oath it was not rape. Plus It's not Bill's MO - violent rape. It just doesn't add up.
This is such a made up story! I dont believe it! She could have filed a report! A made up Republican!!!! WHy trump has to reveal this now!!!!!! Why people are so dumb!
The Clintons are disgusting pieces of shit and should be shot for their carnage they have cause all over the world!  Even as they are both circling the drain, they are STILL destroying the earth and trying to take as many down with them as possible.  Sickos!
donald trump is still worse
Why is there a statute of limitations on this?
VOTE TRUMP ON NOVEMBER 8, 2016.
People who vote for Hillary are truly retarded.
there was limited corroborating evidence and so the allegations rested on Broaddrick's testimony. Because she had filed and then recanted an affidavit saying there was no assault, some thought she was not credible.According to the New York Times in 1999, the problems with Broaddrick's accusations were that "There is no physical evidence to verify it. No one else was present during the alleged encounter in a Little Rock hotel room nearly 21 years ago. The hotel has since closed. And Mrs. Broaddrick denied the encounter in an affidavit in January 1998 in the Paula Jones case, in which she was known only as ''Jane Doe No. 5.'' Through all those years, she refused to come forward. When pressed by the Jones lawyers, she denied the allegation. And now, she has recanted that denial
She's either lying now or lied under oath when she said it wasn't rape.
Does everyone understand what a sociopath is? This should certainly help clarify it.
BILLIAM SHITTON
These bitches thought that they were going to get ahead by fucking Bill and when they didn't they turned sour. Trump 2016
only 35 at the time ? you didn't know how to bite down ? fake tears fake story , and you don't want to repeat it ? but you did .. liar .
Bill isn't running for president and if this lady was talking about Trump all you Breitbart scum would be denying her claims, shit talking her, all women and defending Donald.
What Happened America ? really  thease 2 candidate's! (TRUMP) and (HILLARY) its very Obvious NO ONE LIKES THEM !!! WE CAN'T JUST BOYCOTT THE ELECTION TILL WE FINED A REAL REPUBLICAN OR REAL DEMOCRAT TO REPRESENT US .... THIS COUNTRY IS GOING DOWN THE SHITTER WTF!!!! #WTFAMERICA
FAKE AND GAY
she's FOS
I believe her, WITHOUT DOUBT,and I believe the woman who says she was raped by Donald Trump when she was 14 years old, WITHOUT DOUBT. What we need to focus on here is BELIEVING women when they say they were raped! MEN RAPE WOMEN!!!
These people are shit when it comes to human beings people, and i think of all the crap Trump is getting for a couple guys having a private good ole boy bullshit conversation. The Clintons are have been law breakers all their lives, Trump used poor taste in a private conversation 10 years ago. People in this country have become brain dead sheep!
Bill and Hillary are pure evil along with the Bush family. They are sneaky liars on camera fake pretend they are holier then thou, and the true them are pure evil. I'll take Trump over them. He was respectful in person to that woman, The BUSH HMMMM BUSH PUSHED THAT AND FRAMED TRUMP
Hillary is fucking worse than Gunnhild, the wife of Eirik Bloodaxe.
America, you need to get Trump in that fucking White House...we are all doomed if the Clinton's get in there
Hello, I'm the only person on the entire planet who, regardless of whom I vote for, neither believes or disbelieves the rape accusations towards both Trump and Clinton, but believes all these accusations deserve to be investigated and taken seriously, and who saves his conclusions for when solid evidence comes out.
This is a testament to what kind of people the Clinton are! I don't know who in their right mind can think Hillary will be any better then her scumbag husband.
"BUT...MUH TRUMP SAID WORDS THAT HURT MUH FEELINGS IN 2005"-HILLARYTARDS #BILLCLINTONISARAPEENABLER
Bill Clinton is a rapist Spread the word
Jesus Fucking Christ.
Youtube is manipulating the view counts on this video. It is probably well over 1 million by now, but only counted as 32 960. Earlier it was more than 400 000.
man, I'ts painful to hear her talk. I am surprised she still alive.
Casus belli
Bill Clinton for prison
thank you for your courage, sweetheart. im so sorry this happened to u.
Damn, between Bill Clinton, Bill Cosby, Trump, Roger Ailes, no one is safe. Hide your kids, your wife and your husbands.
Ok.....get a better interviewer or a female interviewer. The interviewer was pretty aggressive with no compassion. These are important situations to deal with, but don't treat these women as pure political props.
Trump supporters get desperater and desperater with every minute xD. Trump produces one scandal 
after the other and so they have to grasp at the straws.
Personally I find her very believable.  I have just one question about something that doesn't sit right with me.  Why did she continue to work on his campaign?
Trump is going to force the mainstream media to focus on this by mentioning it in the debate.
Not to be insensitive, but the world needs to hear what Bill Clinton was saying to her during all of this.
Well, I was voting for Clinton but if this is true I will campaign against her. 
However, I don't believe her 100%
She needs to come up with some proof of what happened.. 
I'm a woman but we lie too.. 
She could also be doing this for money and fame. And maybe to look like a victim 
I just not sure...
This was hard to watch.
Well usually I say innocent until proven guily but she sure seems trustworthy unless she is one hell of a great actress!
Wonder if this will be acknowledged or commented on on the BBC and C4 in UK
Our media is disgraceful.. I can't believe they haven't covered or interviewed these women.
what about Monica Lewinsky and many others that Billy boy seduced while crooked Swillary was watching
Ohhhhhh sheeeeeeeeeeeettt
Trump 2016
ONLY the dishonest, corrupt, immoral, lying lamestream presstitutes allowed him to get away with this. Allowed the Clintons to get away with ALL OF THIS! Yes the Clintons are evil. But the media has enabled them to be evil. The ONLY chance we stand RIGHT NOW of preventing this evil from descending on ALL of us is to elect Donal Trump.
Sham on you bill Clinton tell your wife to drop out or else there will be consequences 
0:38
so, he was a big guy?
1:03
wait, what? this sounds familiar...
smh I seriously hate the Clintons, God help us
Bill is not Hillary. I don't get it.
WE NEED 200 MILLION VIEWS ON THIS
Only rightwing loonies and irredeemable deplorables would run with these lies
Here in Europe, politicians are real politicians; boring and unpopular, as it should be because they are just doing their job. In America, it's just all entertainment... Deciding who is going to run the most powerfull country in the world is a f*cking show and a business on it's own. And you even call it 'democracy' lol.
Clinton and Trump are both scum! Johnson 2016
ew who the fuck would fuck this fat ugly cunt
When all this took place  why in the hell did she not turn him in   this is BS ~!!!
Po'Thang. I believe her... :( Many of our former presidents were pedophiles, rapist & even murderers. But since they were sworn in to the highest office, it gets overlooked & covered up. #SadButTrue
People better wake up! This is minor to what HilLIARy's muslims will do to your wives & daughters!
Poor thing, not sure who I'd be more afraid of, Bill or Hillary. Pure evil
trump proudly admitted to sexual assault on tape.  u are enablers. why do you hate America, breibart? why such obvious double standards? why be the human sheild for someone so inhuman? white males are so sad.
Too bad the mic levels were so bad. Can't somebody take this and boost up the audio on the interviewer side? A lot of people will be watching this very soon.
Hillary terrifies women she hates. Don't let her or Bill back in power. They will destroy more lives. Join #MAGA3X to stop Hillary.
This is what the liberal trash Hillary supporters want. A god damn rape enabler who attacks and discredits rape victims of Bill. Just like she did when she was a lawyer. She's a piece of shit.
The Don is Done
So I know why Bill Clinton's raping is being used in this election by Trump. It might have been said already, but I'll say it this time.

This is not about who's running or who raped who. We know Bill isn't running, and we know that Hillary isn't the rapist. This is about morality and honesty.

Millions of dollars have been given to Clinton by women's rights activists and feminists. 

Like in the pic I posted, she tweets and claims that victims of sexual assault and rape should be believed and supported.

And now we have a woman who says that Bill raped her and Hillary enabled him to.

All Trump needs to do is acknowledge this at the debate.

How is Clinton going to defend this in the debate? If she denies the allegation (or any single part of it), she'll make herself look like a hypocrite and feminists won't like the denial. If she admits to it, she and her husband are disgusting. If she (with the help of Anderson Cooper) avoid the question, it won't make her look good on stage. How will she get out of this?

This is one of the things that I like about Trump. He can say dumb shit and his morals can be in question, but if there's one thing good you can say about the Don, it's that he can use his enemies words and actions against them. And that's genius.
Interesting that Trump tweets a link to this Breitbart video interview with Juanita Broaddrick describing her 1978 rape by Bill Clinton. Interesting because that story broke in 1999. 

This photo is from 2000: 
http://i2.cdn.turner.com/cnnnext/dam/assets/160909161454-trump-clinton-3-super-169.jpg
http://i2.cdn.turner.com/cnnnext/dam/assets/160909161446-trump-clinton-1-exlarge-169.jpg

This photo is from 2005:
http://a.abcnews.com/images/Politics/GTY_trump_wedding_clintons_jef_150806_16x9_992.jpg

This photo is from 2008:
https://static01.nyt.com/images/2015/08/05/us/05firstdraft-clintontrump/05firstdraft-clintontrump-tmagArticle.jpg

Clearly Trump was very troubled by Broaddrick's 1999 testimony.
And the Oscar goes to... The thin air
He raped her. So what. Ask the Christian organizations that are still supporting Trump. Rape and sexual assault are all ok with them.
So, Clinton is a rapist and Trump a wannabe sexual predator. Great, just great.
TRUMP ACTUALLY RAPED A WOMAN,

oh, wait
Karma: Bill Clinton will FINALLY be tried and convicted for rape and be raped to death by some nasty inmates.
Breitbart has the 1999 NBC interview on its website.  it was noted there was no record of her checking into the motel as well as no one ever reported seeing Clinton in the motel.
Watching this 2016 interview is a scream! Now, her lip was almost bit off! She's crying about this in 2016 at 1:38, but not 1999? He "did it again" in 2016, LMAO!!!! Clinton got sunglasses in 2016. She developed a nearly broken left clavicle in 2016. The friend she had in 1999 has disappeared in 2016.
Regarding Hillary Clinton "knowing her husband raped her: I'm calling bullshit. Hillary Clinton suspecting Billy cheated with her is far more plausible, assuming the event happened. 
 Ms Clinton was correct in removing the statement that a rape victim has the right to be believed. Too often, police have blown off a rape victim's story, which is wrong. 
So what Ms Broaddrick received from me was listening to her stories of 1999 and 2016. At best, it's not credible against Bill Clinton and irrelevant in voting for Hillary Clinton.
No wonder you fucking scumbag shit for brains Breitbart maggots got me banned from your shitty assed safe space, which is really a place where you guys suck each other off.
digusting, who is this man ?
No question that Bill Clinton is a criminal.  However, I'm going to state a fact that people won't like but Hillary did not commit the rape.  She should not be held accountable for his actions.  She should have divorced his ass a long time ago.  However, Trump DID say and do offensive and criminal things towards women including rape.
They will pay for it...GOD sees your pain....let God help you to be set free in that emotional pain..
This video has to get viral - as bad & disgusting as it already is.
Yeah, right. . .they are ALL liars!! There are some really sick & dumb people out there!! Awesome video! May millions of Americans see the truth!
It is a shame she did not file rape charges right there  them. Why would you still be campaigning for this rapist? That I do not understand! But I believe her & Bill & Hill are one evil duo!
For all of you who are seeing this for the first time: SHAME ON YOU. That means that you did NOT DO YOUR HOMEWORK about the candidates. This story IS DECADES OLD. So many of you voters are so fucking stupid that they had to interview this woman AGAIN just so you all would listen to the truth. WAKE THE FUCK UP. AND FUCK ALL OF YOU CLINTON SUPPORTERS.
Ever notice how most if not all the women Bill Clinton assaulted and Hitlery terrorized, were Democrats, who were there to support him at the time? These are monsters, not public servants. But wait, Trump said "pussy" during a BS session with another man! Oh the scandal!
Dont cry, president Hillary will put you in prison like a pure democrat.
hahhhahahaha lying whore with a crocodile tears, she wanted it, but when he dumped her, she accused him of rape, typical women -playing the victim card, the bitch is lying you can see it on her face, stupid westerners
1:04 for you
If you love your country, tweet the shit out of this video. Juanita Broaddrick first came out with this story DECADES AGO. Do your fucking homework and tell everyone you know about this. The CLINTONS ARE FUCKING MONSTERS.
#justice4Juanita
Why isnt this all over the tv. Rigged azz syatem please America we must take our Country back now before its to late.
Fucking Clinton's most corrupt family in politics. CNN where are you? Trump says the word "pussy" and it's over for him, but Bill Clinton is allowed to rape people and Hillary is allowed to threaten those who he rapes and she should become president?
The selective reporting by MSM is criminal. They should all be held liable; only if the Bill is Cosby are they interested. Maggots!
Every tear is worth $5,000,..... keep the tears going..... Easy Money
FUCKING TRUMP SUPPORTERS
Very sad. The Clintons need to make amends with this woman. A sincere public apology, a commitment to defend victims and a 7 figure settlement.
I always believe that the Native Americans, will cast a curse on all of you wicked Bastards.
The Clintons are scum.
dammMMmMMM bill luvs dem white hoes BBW like me shit. i fux with dat nigga clinton
Well compare bravado talk like brabbing pussy and never doing it to this kinky perverted rape. Hillary helped to cover all these rapes. I don't see how any moral person can vote for her.
this lying whore should be behind bars. lying under oath is a felony
Bill Clinton needs to be castrated!!!
Donald Trump, Please watch this video to remember what kind of trash that you'll be dealing with at tonight's debate .
This is why I can't stand the thought of the Clintons back in the White House.
Fear no devil witch president Killary........Fear the will of God
Maybe liberals want to tell Juanita that she should get over it because it's been like, a long time ago.
This is so sad that nothing was ever done to give this woman some kind of resolution.  I bet it has been agony for her to see him in her face the 8 years as president then seeing HILIARY--- who should have kicked Bill Clinton out on finding out he did this but she went on to be in the media even more.  I cannot imagine how bad it is for this woman who sees her attacker and her attackers defender every time she turns on the t.v.. So horrible.  We believe you, Juanita. God bless you for having courage to tell the truth.
All you need to know Trump said something mean so shut up! SMH
If only she'd come forward in 1998 when those impeachment hearings were underway and the Monica Lewinksy story was all over the news and Bill Clinton paid out $850,000 to Paula Jones for that sexual harassment lawsuit. She could've sued, too. But for some reason she didn't bother saying anything until 2016.
Hillary Clinton did this. She enabled this man to rape women, and the media is covering for her. We need a new media that isn't a mass of scrawling maggots.
Gross ........ she must be so disgusted at the sound of his name ....................God has a place for the Clintons and they will be put there soon. be ..................Fear no man BUTfear the will of God
Why now? call police? where is photo of her lips and ripped skirt panty hose ?
 AFTER A YEAR OF RAPE OR LONGER HOW CANANYBODY THINKTHIS EVEN TRUE? 
 SHE DID A INTERVIEW BEFORE.
The libtards are gonna have a hard time with this.
I feel frightened as well.
Talking about grabbing a woman by the *%&* ? I have never met anyone who says stuff like that! IN MY LIFE!!!!!!
BREAKING NEWS REASON WHY SO MUCH CNN PRESS FOR EVERYDAY SEXUALLY REMARKS IS BECAUSE Juanita and Kathleen were on Washington interviewed by BREITBERT NEWS. A video is on line!! CNN deceitful CNN!!" Juanita Broaddrick: I was completely dressed. I had a skirt and a blouse. He tore the waist of my skirt. And then he ripped my pantyhose. And he raped me. It was very vicious. I was just pinned down I did not know what to do. I was so frightened. I was only 35 at the time. And it was horrible. I just wanted it to be over with. So he would go up. (He Never DID) No, he held me down for a long time. And then he did it again. I was so ready for him to leave me alone. When he started raping me again. And it was very brief And he did get up and he straightened himself. And my mouth was bleeding and it was hurting. And he just straightens himself and goes to the door.Juanita own worlds:" BILL CLINTON IS A RAPIST AND HILLARY KNEW about it and cover up for
To those doubting because women who are sexually assaulted and raped take so long to come forward;

I'm a man, and it took me nearly 15 years to come out publicly about being molested by my step-father over the course of several years during my childhood. I know EXACTLY the feelings and reasoning as to why women take so long to come forward, if they do at all about sexual assault and rape... These women have nothing to gain by coming forward and everything to 
lose. In my case he was a man in a position of power and influence in the town I lived in, and physically intimidating to boot. Even though people suspected what went on it was swept under the rug. So you can take your bullshit theories and disbelief and fuck off.
I don't get how this has anything to with Hillary>..<
Bill and Hillary are 2 different people I never liked Bill, I mean he should not have been president but seriously? Why are the commenters saying this has anything to do with Hillary? I don't get it... this isn't a very good strategy for the Trump Campaign. The Trump campaign can still take this chance but they blew it! How terrible! They are losing. BAD
PLEASE SPREAD THIS NOW*********
She seems honest - unlike Machado who was clearly lying in her video interview about trump causing her anorexia
Get real she changes her demeanor too quick .
the moment hillary talks about the secret audio tape of Trump and his locker room talk trump needs to bring up all the sex crimes of bill and how hillary intimidated his victims into silence. defend your self quickly and counter hit hard and fast then talk about what you plan to do to make America great again. Dont get distracted
Why has he not been prosecuted? This breaks my heart and I can see her pain , as a victim you never get over it no matter how long it has been. I'm so sorry Juanita
I pray for a Trump victory at the debates.
He needs that happened to him.
#theenabler
>Breitbart
>pushing rape claims for obvious agenda
Wew.
L O C K   H E R   U P
A little late to come out with this now...
I believe Juanita Broaddrick when she says Bill Clinton raped her, and Hillary Clinton bullied her into staying silent about it.

Vote up if you believe her too.
WHAT MORON WOULD BELIEVE THIS ATTENTION CRAVING (PAID OFF) MESS?!?!?!?
As much as I don't like Hillary, she is not Bill Clinton and Bill Clinton is not running for president.
Bill Clinton raped and sexually assaulted countless women!   Hillary Clinton tried to ruin their lives to silence them!  Our media is so corrupt to support these demons!
Trump to the boys: "I failed in banging her". Clinton to the boys: "I could have failed but I raped her anyway" Who is the winner here? The democrats would say Bill Clinton. When you vote Clinton, you vote for RAPE.
i feel really badly for her. u can see what type of impact this crime has had on her life. its shameful that Bill got away with this.
Did I miss something?  Is Bill Clinton running for president?

Is this Bill Clinton vs. Melania Trump?

Oh, no.  It's HILLARY CLINTON vs. Donald Trump.
what a crock of shit. desperate repukes parading this fat, lying hog around to stir up shit.  FAIIIILLLL
How could you not believe this!
Is there any evidence to back up what she is saying?
We need to spread this like wildfire on social media. We can't leave this up to mainstream media, they'll just cover it up.
The interviewer's nike socks discredits the entire report, in my eyes.
God... Bill Clinton is so so so sick to do this to this woman and that she has had to live with this for so many years.  Horrible....  Rape is a horrible thing...
TRUTH.  Juanita's account:  In 1978, Bill Clinton was accused of raping Juanita Broaddrick in Little Rock, Arkansas:
In a famous interview aired on NBCs Nightline in 1999, shortly after Bill Clinton was cleared by the Senate of impeachment, Juanita recalled:
Then he tries to kiss me again. And the second time he tries to kiss me he starts biting my lip.  He starts to, um, bite on my top lip and I tried to pull away from him. And then he forces me down on the bed. And I just was very frightened, and I tried to get away from him and I told him No, that I didnt want this to happen, but he wouldnt listen to me.  It was a real panicky, panicky situation. I was even to the point where I was getting very noisy, you know, yelling to Please stop. And thats when he pressed down on my right shoulder and he would bite my lip.  When everything was over with, he got up and straightened himself, and I was crying at the moment, and he walks to the door and calmly puts on his sunglasses. And before he goes out the door he says, You better get some ice on that. And he turned and went out the door.
The Washington Post reported that the White House released a statement in 1999 denying the allegations, Any allegation that the president assaulted Ms. Broaddrick more than 20 years ago is absolutely false, Clintons personal attorney, David E. Kendall, said in a statement released by the White House yesterday. Beyond that we are not going to comment.
Broaddrick claims that Hillary confronted her shortly after the incident. At a fundraiser she said, I just want you to know how much Bill and I appreciate the things you do for him. Do you understand? Everything [emphasis added] you do, conveying a not so subtle threat.
On the encounter, Broaddrick says what really went through my mind at that time is She knows. She knew. Shes covering it up and she expects me to do the very same thing.'
This is some real bull sht.  She was so scared never told the Police never mentioned it until now, almost 40 years later.  What a bunch of Malarkey! Another Republican scheme to discredit Hillary.  GTFOH
That interviewer is an insincere asshole!
So when a woman comes forth claiming a man raped her everyone jumps on her side even when they don't know the full story. Here you have a woman making a similar claim but with the story attached, yet the same people who jump on the trial by media bandwagon will overlook this to vote for a megalomaniacal psychopath. Yeah I know Trump is a dumpster fire cuntbag, but he's not a corrupt status-quo politician no matter which way you slice it. Better to break the status-quo now to prevent hurt down the road. The Clintons need to be in prison not the White House. And this is coming from a guy who still hated Trump and mercilessly attacked him while simultaneously supporting Hillary, at least I did until I actually had an understanding of the situation. Don't get me wrong I still hate the cunt, but for the sake of humanity, freedom and justice. Vote Trump.
Juanita   We will not let that scum run our country....we will get u justice...May God Bless You
Where is the police report, oh no report because it didn't happen .keep lying .
That would be like saying Donald can't run for President because Melania came into the country illegally, therefore because she did something "allegedly" wrong, it is OK to hold Donald responsible.  It's flawed logic.
Lady you are the worst actress I ever saw , I was attacked and I am not sitting around crying about it today , please you and God is going to have a nice time on judgement day.
( Rape Victims of Bill Clinton, Starting at Yale! Yet Democrats want this Impeached, Disbarred, Rapist back in the White House. HRC attacked a 12 year old Rape victim to get her Rapist client off. Then laughed about it in audio taped interview. Enough Clinton Trash. Go away!
I didn't know what to do, i was only 35 at the time.

Yeah because you really don't know what to do until you're in your 60's.
Be brave.
MAN!!! O MAN!!!! THIS MAKES ME SOO SO SO MAD!!!! 
ABOVE THE LAW!!!!!! GOES TO SHOW HOW THESE POLITICIANS BELIEVE THEY ARE gods?????
WE HAVE TO DO SOMETHING FOLKS WE GOTTA END THIS ELITISM SOMEHOW!!!
CLINTON'S FOR HELL 2016 
fuck you and fuck all your leftists mainstream propaganda media
Trump for president!~ Corrupt liar sicko Hillary for prison!
Hillary and Bill are both predators victimizing people for their own pleasure. Jail for both of them. Bill Cosby finally got what he had coming.
Even today, after all these years, the memory of that RAPE still haunts her.  Now she is afraid for her life, since we all know what has happened to so who opposed Clinton.
TRUMP HAS THE RAPE OF A 13 YEAR OLD PENDING.
Maybe that is why Clintons bought a house right next door to the one they haave so they can pull a pablo escobar deal with delivered prostitutes for bill with hiss ankle bracelet on an hilary can come over for lunch an suck his blood so they dont both die
Where is Hillary Clinton with her view that all victims of rape should be heard? Oh, that's right, if they were raped by Bill Clinton, they don't matter.
It`s sad that in our Country if you have power and money? that you can get away with this shit!  Fuck those Clinton`s ,they are nothing but over paid actors, pretending to care about America! Bill destroyed this poor woman's life!   Bill will suffer in His next miserable life! and Hillary too for that matter. The whole Family are evil douche bags! and  anyone that likes them are douche bags themselves!        54 Liberal scumbags did not like to hear the truth! you guys should do the world a favor? and seek some help! mental help!
Early in her career as an attorney, Hillary Clinton successfully defended a man charged with the rape of a teen age girl. I think Hillary learned her most important political survival skills from that court room victory. She demonstrates that every time she rebuts accusations, such as the one made by Juanita Broaddrick, when she retorts "... just look at the evidence..." She doesn't say "'...it's not true..." In obedience, CNN, NBC, CBS, ABC have kept their distance from this and other painful stories of sexual abuse by Hillary's husband. Never Hillary.
Not surprising - Democrats are now in bed with Muslim, Jihadist rapists.
Amazing how the corporate media will over look a rape victim in order to tow the party line. No conscience!
You people need to understand something: We are all being governed by psychopaths. Just choose the least harming.
Clinton comes pretending to be offended by Trump's statements, but she defended her husband who raped many women LOL
I believe  her 100 per cent
Listen and believe is for the little people.
WHAT ARE YOU FUCKING DUMB-ASS MORONS NOT UNDERSTANDING! ?  BILL & HILLARY ARE A TEAM.  If Hillary's SELected, it's a default 3rd TERM CLINTON PRESIDENCY. He's her HUSBAND,  not her housekeeper! Hillary's in this position BECAUSE of her husband.  BILL CLINTON MET WITH  ATTORNEY GENERAL, LORETTA LYNCH.  Then, Hillary's criminal charges were dropped.  Yes, I vote for Trump.   BUT.....if Trump was responsible for:  jailing the highest rate of Black & Latino males....invading Africa, killing one of its leaders....responsible for the death of thousands of Libyans AND Yemeni people (after using Libya to sell F15s to the Saudis & weapons to CIA ops in Syria)....stealing resources from Africa.....stealing gold from Haiti WHILE HAITIANS ARE DYING----THEN, I'd abstain from voting & stay my Black ass home.  And can't forget the Nigerian girls murdered, by Boko Haram!
So Trump thinks if other people 'do it" it is okay and excusable.  Like Gulliani says about fornicating and adultery, 'everyone does it".  This is what you stop doing after you grow up. 

Not this woman ... at this point there is something shady here.  Afraid now?   I have known rape victims friends and family and none of them go on like this woman is doing and certainly 

not on TV milking their tragedy for all it is worth.     So Trump can rape if other men rape.     What in the hell does this have to do with the Conservatives raping the country,  cry about that also.
Actions speak louder than words... This is just so sad...
The clintons should be shot dead.
Oh man.  That poor woman. Ugh   Bill and Hillary Clinton are terrorists.
why didn't she blurr her face like the girl accusing Trump of rape? oh right cause this is real.
The media won't cover this they are to busy talking about donald trump saying bad words.
Post this video everywhere on social media.  The liberal main stream will try to bury it.
So we are gonna let Bills criminal wife have the keys to the country? Whose more sick,, them or us?
Ms Broaddrick's life is continually in turmoil because of this wicked, wicked family.  To this day, I have no doubt, that if presented again full-frontal with these accountings of rape, The Clinton War Machine would slay her all over again. and even more vehemently.
Bill should be in prison and raped repeatedly.
lets not forget Ivana Trump he beat and raped her but he made her sighn a gag order to be able to keep getting money from trump
Watch as CNN completely ignores this.
jfc. liberals wouldnt ignore a rape victim in The Current Year, would they?
The devil prepared best place in hell for both Killarys and Bills Clintons,unless they repent and turned away from the sin
the evidence against is there bill not enugh evidence so if you want to call Bill a rapist then you have to call trump a rapist thses decades old charges against Bill have been drug all over and he never was impeached like they but trump will be going to court over his rape charges and after trumps tape and the way he diespects woman well you can add 2 and 2
and these Rat media are telling us that what Trump mentioned the word pussy is the end of the world. what a fuckn animal bill is
heres trumps rapes the facts  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/lisa-bloom/why-the-new-child-rape-ca_b_10619944.html  http://www.huffingtonpost.com/lisa-bloom/why-the-new-child-rape-ca_b_10619944.html  http://lawnewz.com/high-profile/federal-judge-orders-hearing-in-donald-trump-rape-lawsuit-case/  http://lawnewz.com/high-profile/federal-judge-orders-hearing-in-donald-trump-rape-lawsuit-case/ bill never whent to court on the allegations but trump is
Trump should bring these women on stage tonight
#BillClintonIsARapist
Trump used a bad word that hurt feelings. bill Clinton's actions left women raped. Hillary clinton's actions left these women shamed. How pathetic is the media. Add in the Hillary scandals that affected America as a whole... she should step down. not trump
Bullshit. This was published 3 hours ago. Does Donald - the circus clown- thinks that we are this stupid? This is a lame attempt to deflect attention from his pussy grabbing tape...
if this were a rape claim about Trump, CNN would air it n repeat every day until Nov. 8
every sexual assault survivor deserves to be discredited, called names and mocked - hitlery clinton
As long as the public allows the Clintons to be out in public without rushing the venues and dragging them to the nearest tree and hanging them, the Clinton's will continue to drag this country down to their level of corruption.
someone tell donald trump to retweet this video
What soap opera does she play on??  SNL should call her because this is a nIce ACTING JOB!
This is what the Clintons do! And if you stand up to them and tell the truth about them, they destroy you. Everywhere they go they leave a political trail of destruction and corruption. They are evil and must be stopped.
The Clintons are both monsters.
How can she not go to court and win this and put this serial rapist in jail?
Wow Trump tweeted this out. He's red pilling America lmao.. it's so amazing to be awake watching all this unfold.
what a f*n a**hole.
Taken from @LionelMedia:

Here's a question I have: do you think this woman is lying?
If not, explain the the attention to Trump's idiocy.
Trump/Pence 2016!
I'm a producer with the Fox News Channel.  Can we have permission to use this clip?
Thanks - Guerin Hays
And you want this man in the WH? No matter if it is not the one who is running she is the one who enable him! WAKE-UP people!
Fuck... Piece of shit bill clinton
Let's see what feminists will say about this...

Btw... get this book on the Clintons: https://www.amazon.com/Clintons-War-Women-Roger-Stone/dp/1510713921/
I keep asking myself...."Why would Hillary STAY with THIS PREDATOR of women, when she "CLAIMS" to stand for the RIGHTS of WOMEN??" She LIES and has protected HIM over the women...ALL THESE YEARS!
Hard to believe anyone would want to fuck that.
Both candidates should drop out.  America deserves a do-over.
This needs to go viral! Expose those demon clintons!
it's a fake

Devastating. 
Just curious, why no  post of Hillary's lesbian affair with YOKO ONO?
Monica must be next to talk!
Everyone should see this before they vote.
she needs to be at the debate!
poor women.  you are in my prayers.   you are very brave.
zombies are voting for that criminal.
RISE UP AMERICA!!!!  We don't need to put up with this shit!   We don't have to SETTLE for CRIMINALS and RAPISTS as our leaders!  WE ARE NOT THEIR SLAVES!
#listenandbelieve
I had a girlfriend in highschool that said she got raped by a few guys when i was still talking to her. I could tell she made it up. I know for a fact she didnt get raped. The story didnt add up at all and i could just tell she was faking it. This lady right here is not faking at all. You can tell by her emotions that she really went through that shit.
Bill and Hilary Clinton are criminals they need to go to prison this woman has been consistent she is brave  Clinton is a psychopath and Hilary is probably as psychotic as he is.
"I did not have sex with that woman".....riiiiiight Bubba!
@hillaryclinton #hillaryclinton #Imwithher #womenforhillary #MAGA #hillaryforpresident
you should said before and plus u testify that bill never raped you plus bill He's not on the ballot. You got paid by these monster conservatives.
The Clintons fooled half America and they are still doing it.
It won't be long until we see the rise of a millitant dictator , likely from the south. Our leaders have destroyed our confidence , our police are against the wall , the military has been deflated by economic cuts and stupid decisions by former leaders and the dollar may not last too much longer. If someone who is noble , just and intelligent does not take this whole thing in hand , I don't see how a dictator could not manifest within the next two decades.
Crooked Hillary, rape enabler.
Let's make #HillaryMustDropOut trending on Twitter.
Put him in jail and let him see what it's like to get raped.
Not American, but I recommend pausing the election and getting new candidates.
whoever dislikes this is a rapist...
Let's use this video in the Trump campaign commercials!
someone get aaron a mic
If Hillary wins, a strong case can be made for states to hold referendums on whether they wish to succeed from the United States.  I mean, if they are going to routinely violate laws, and interpret the Constitution however they see fit, then the rule of law will be rendered an absurdity:  succession may be the most honorable thing to do.  With great power, comes great responsibility; this is something that Democrats have never understood.
HILLARY PROTECTED 2 RAPISTS: 1) MAN THAT RAPED KATHY SHELTON IN 1975 2) BILL CLINTON.  HILLARY HAS NO RIGHT TO USE WOMEN CARD!
Oh look, more real news appearing on YouTube rather than TV.

I hope this woman sees the justice she deserves.
While Bill is out actually "RAPING WOMEN," Hillary was grabbing Huma by the pussy...
well, I don't know what the hell is really going on in this world if she will become a POTUS
women will vote for the devil himself as long as the monster tells them theyre really important and theyll get free goodies out of it.
:( this is so sad. I can't believe CNN is not coving it.
Poor woman. However, it wasn't Hillary Clinton who raped her and he isn't running for President. Donald Trump actually raped and physically assaulted his wife, Irvana Trump. That's recorded in court documents and she's never retracted it.

Also, Hillary and Bill Clinton's marriage is a political marriage and partnership. They are really still together for the sake of appearance. They are friends and have a great deal of affection for each other but they don't live together and don't have a marriage in a conventional sense.
Hillary Clinton is physically and mentally unfit to be President of the United States.
This woman has been consistent for decades. Bill Clinton is no different than Bill Cosby. 
 
Hillary is no better either. She's a powerful self-serving psychopath lesbian (not that there's anything wrong with the lesbian part except, when it's denied....like Oprah) and these immoral idiots are ALL on the same side including Trump. This is all being orchestrated on purpose between Hilary's fainting spells and Trumps' hot mic. It's coming out to cause shock and awe. After all, that's what this government does best. 

Anyone who feels any of these remaining murderous, raping, vicious vile people (Trump and Clinton) are fit to be POTUS then.....you have no right complaining about how this country is turning out. Keep waving your flags as if there's something to be proud of (sigh)

There hasn't been a respectable candidate running for POTUS since JFK and look what happened to him.

The last two candidates standing are the runts of the liter. Those who can effect change (even though the POTUS is just a puppet role) never EVER make it this far. 

We are literally choosing between Adolf Hitler and Saddam Hussein.

So citizens of the United States of Embarrassment..........put on your adult diapers because THIS is what our country has come down to.
Rapist Bill Clinton, the darling of the left, along with Islam, gender confusion, sexual disorientation, racial division ( gotta keep 'em workin' on that democrat plantation and feed them handouts! ), globalism ( socialism and enslavement for all but the social engineering billionaires like Soros and his lackeys ), and unbridled corruption. That is what you will get with Hillary Clinton in the white house.
Brutal RAPE by Bill Clinton. Raped her twice, and left her bloodied. Then Hillary issues a veiled EVIL Threat
for her to Keep Quiet. Tears were in my eyes hearing this from a 73 Year old woman now. 
This is just beyond terrible and utterly shocking !
GRAB HILLARY BY THE PUSSY AND THROW HER OVER THE WALL!
paid actress , where were you all these years liar one? :)
There are still cucks out there that would vote for Hillary knowing she covered things up but cry because Trump says mean things.
wait... Hillary Clinton threatened this woman after Bill raped her?! FUCK THIS ELECTION! HILLARY CAN NOT BE PRESIDENT
Man fuck this fat ugly lying bitch. No one wants to fuck you and bitch 35 years ago? And NOW. You cry? How much did The TrumpCampaign pay you, you fat stinking whore? Fucking die pig!
Imagine if the corrupt media would give this the attention they give to potty mouth comments ... There is no mainstream news in America! It is all fake and corrupt and for the purpose of manipulation and control...
Seeing this women become like a little girl, in pain, breaks my heart. I fucking hate the Clintons. Both of them.
Leave poor woman be you news bastards
The Jewish controlled Media is enemy # 1 in America. Until the Media is taking out of control of the Jews America will continue to march towards complete Commie control and mass murder of those who don't conform to their degenerate leftist policies. We either are going to acknowledge the situation and fight or get ready for a mass slaughter as they carried out in Russia.
You can clearly tell she's not lying. Bill Clinton is a disgusting person, and so is Hillary.
How do you end up at a hotel with him to begin with.
Poor woman! Bill and Hillary need to be locked up!
why did she way so Long to reveal all this ?
Grabbing pussy does not seem that bad does it now! #RapistKillerClintons
Bill Clinton is a Rapist.    INFOWARS.COM
Old hag is ugly and has no money, that's why she's making shit up. If you Trump supporters can't see her acting and fake cray, then you all are blind. Her fake cry gave it away.
How much did Trump pay you for this acting?
I believe her.
Get this woman on a polygraph and publish the results.
Its incredible how screwed hillary is, with the whole rape convictions thing that is popular these days. SJW infighting soon
There is no way she is lying. Bill Clinton is a disgusting piece of shit and he deserves to rot in prison.
My god I am glad we evolved from: 'It was the mentality of the 70s, you (have to) allow a men to your room and (if you get harassed) it is your fault.'
Holy shit this is so hard to watch
Wonder if Clinton News going to loop this clip 700 times non-stop the next 36hrs.
Sadly, this will never get the exposure it deserves. Drudge & Breitbart Readers already know about this. I wish she would have done the interview on MSM - I know.. but one of them would have aired it. It's a shame that the people who really need to see this, never will. Liberals will never watch or trust an interview from an "alt-right" site. Trump or a pac ought to buy 9 minutes of primetime and air this! They should also start replaying Michelle Obama's very own words about Hillary - "If she can't take care of her own house"...
great job Aaron Klein. awesome interview.
Bill Clinton = sociopathic serial rapist who should be rotting behind bars
I dont know if Bill Clinton raped her or not, but I do find it odd that
 she seems to focus so much on ruining Hillarys career over the issue. 
Her evidence that Hillary even would have known about the incident is 
shaky at best - Hillary shook her hand and said thank you, in what was 
perceived to be a menacing tone? It just kind of strikes me as bizarre 
that Broaddrick would forgo testifying in the Lewinsky case, which would
 be a prime opportunity to get Bill to face some justice, and instead 
focus on destroying his wifes career, decades later. Thats the part 
that leaves me with an uneasy feeling about the whole thing.
Send the Clinton's to prison
I sincerely started crying while she was describing it! man I can't even believe what she went through, what a strong women for speaking out. We can not let this go unnoticed especially if everyone is going nuts over a few quotable's Trump said. Actions speak louder than words!
Such a disgrace!  All these politicians who rape should be imprisoned.  There should be no protection for them.
The Clinton's really creep me out .. need to be stopped they are no good
bill Clinton is a rapist
AND THE MEDIA WONT PUBLISH THIS TO PROTECT HILLARY
This is so sad :(
Hillary, Bill and Obama FOR THE ROPE !!!!
They say that we are willing to overlook and dismiss what Trump has said and done. Well, take a hard look Hillbots, THIS is what you're willing to overlook and dismiss!
I'm a feminist, here on the down low since a lot of people I know would probably think I've lost my mind for visiting a Breitbart channel, but I believe her too! Believing her is the least we can do after all this time.Thank you!! #JusticeforJuanita
The Clinton's are filth. Always have been - always will be.
Bill for prison !
A woman for the interview would have been appropriate.
SEND ALL CLINTONS TO PRISON
How HORRIBLE for all these women ...
bills an animal
you know because brietbart is just so trustworthy always.
Only 1 thumbs down!  Bill is that you?
Billy boy rapes 'em and Horrible Hillary destroys what's left. The criminal Clinton dynasty must end. Juanita Broaddrick is a brave woman to relive the pain that the Clinton's caused. Let's give Ms. Broaddrick some justice by denying the  Clinton Cartel the White House.
Bill and Hillary should both be in jail. It's absolutely disgusting that these two people are walking free. 

Decent people do not support rapists and their wives who cover up for them.
It an outrage that this man might be back in the White House
This poor lady has always repeated the same story for years.
This made me cry. God help that poor woman.
Everyone needs to flood MSM to air this interview and be as outraged of CLINTONS brutal crimes. START CALLING CNN NOW Phone Number: You can call the corporate office at 1-404-827-1700.  TELL THEM YOU WILL BOYCOT 100% OF CNN ADVERTISERS. THEN START CALLING CNN SPONORS NOW!
This needs to go fucking viral.
#JusticeforJuanita
Everyone needs to flood MSM to air this interview and be as outraged of CLINTONS brutal crimes. START CALLING CNN NOW Phone Number: You can call the corporate office at 1-404-827-1700.  TELL THEM YOU WILL BOYCOT 100% OF CNN ADVERTISERS. THEN START CALLING CNN SPONORS NOW!
START CALLING CNN NOW Phone Number: You can call the corporate office at 1-404-827-1700. TELL THEM YOU WILL BOYCOT 100% OF CNN ADVERTISERS. THEN START CALLING CNN SPONORS NOW!
Such a brave woman to share her experience. So sad. And there are others like her Bill has violated.
Truly disturbing, but interesting that it comes after Trump's rutting pig performance. These people are not fit for office!
She lives this every minute of her life. Clinton's destroy everything they touch. So now I ask the left and CNN where are your similar tapes of Trump attacking and raping?
Breitbart again fucking up the sound on their videos. No quality control with these guys!
Bill Clinton needs to see Dr. Chopyourcockoff!
I follow Juanita on Twitter too. She's such a sweet woman, and people bash her and call her liar all the time
Holy Fuck...I knew her story but never heard it like this.
What a disgusting pig of a man Bill Clinton is, and HRC is almost as bad for intimidating his victims by hiring brutal private eyes and, in some cases, personally threatening them. DJT's words are at times abhorrent, but the Clintons are the very epitome of evil.
"B-but trump said mean things" Liberals are cancer.
Bill Clinton disliked this.
Everyone needs to see this video. 

Bill and Hillary are monstrous sociopaths driven only by their lust for power and money. 

Anyone is a better choice for president than they are.
Guys, get this out on social media, let people know there's a new video with Juanita Broaddrick #BillClintonIsARapist
Nobody is perfect. Indeed. But there are certain boundaries you must not cross. Ever. Rape is one.
Breitbart - third wave feminist news org - says "listen and believe"
It's pathetic how feminists were screaming about what Trump said about women but are nowhere to be seen when Clinton's defence of a rapist is spoken about
Perfect timing... funny thing is I have a bunch of hardcore feminist friends who are blaming the victim and going back on all of the shit they believe when I show them this, so what does that tell us? Politics over everything! Women , Men, Race , etc. no one really gives a shit if it stand in the way of what they want, no one . Show me the nicest person you know and let this type of situation arise, you will get to see the demon inside them come out. I only say that because it keeps happening, too bad I really dont give a shit...George Carlin approach , just an observer
not a feminist to be seen
Really????? Who can possibly want the Clintons in the white House???? For sure no human beings......
what a brave person, Clinton's are disgusting
weird how they release something over a decade old an hour after wikileaks dumps more damning emails. bunch of fucking bigots.
#trump2016 #heyatleastididntrapeanyone  #grabherbythepussyandtakehertojail
But guys locker room chat 11 yrs ago is soooo much more important. Just another bimbo eruption... move along folks. Nothing to see here
