These blacks coundn'T SURVIVE WITHOUT WHITES, they'd be living in huts like in Afrika, we all know this but don't wanna say it because everyone fears truth, and everybody hates facts and truth, that's why Adolf Hitler is the most hated being that has ever existed because Race matters, when These negroes didn't have guns or rights, America was a peaceful place to live without guettos or drug gangers, ever since they have a right to vote they vote for "free" things, they hear arms to kill and organize gangs with the porpuse of comitting crimes, these inferior humans should never been brought up in chains to pick up cotton, if America were 99% the only domestic enemy would be a gay or a feminist lesbian, we all know it would be a fucking paradise but God has to fullfil his words on.his fucking book, the end of civilization and therefore the utter control of the nations ( n.w.o) will happen when the white man is gone, and only these subhumans stay inhibiting the planet to be controled by the greatest enemy of all times; the zionist jew.
those Christian white understands. just violence do not back for your rights.
period.
I don't think the blacks are ready for war.they will ge choped in first wk we niggars not ready someone has to tell the true stop lying to urself.the white community us ready and wants the war to kick off.because they know what's gonna happend
You are than threat to america with your Islamoprobic racist white america and I than white muslim america tell your lilly white KKK ass.
These white men are not KKK, you dumb asses,
The hewy dewy and lootin pea shootin gun club community wit da what nots on two three for n a 3rd talking coming down hyia talking bout wut we be doin when we be doin it. Deeez is our street muslim brother hood and all ya''ll you betta straight up c walk up out down the street back on where u come from deez is our streetsssssssss
We gots it all ker..
Satan Allah...cair terrorist group from hell.. Islam..
I'm a Muslim and I absolutely despise the mb and I believe that they're a corrupt terrorist organization and as an egyptian I have first hand experience with what the Mb did to Egypt
We All Know Lois FaraCOON Is The Head Of The Snake In America
The white European people were the ones who ended the slave trade. Embraced black people as Americans as individuals as equals. These black dudes should really do their research on Islam
These black guys should research what Islam has done to black people throughout history. The American slaves were not neutered some of them were treated bad but not all of them in any case it was abolished because it was wrong. The Arab slave trade still goes on today. They neuter their slaves and cut off the clit so there female slaves. Read about the Ottoman Empire what they did to the black people
that is just Americans standing up for America, We don't want Islam.
And all of those wearing masks are gutless pieces of shit. Grow some balls and show your faces if you really have the guts to stand up for what you believe in.
Wait. Are these black people Muslim? Because if they're not, they need to join the white guys and fight side by side with them against the Extremist.
Taking advice from someone who smokes?
Some idiot Americans support to radical Islam. As human rights.
BAIR got fucked in the ass sideways... metaphorically speaking.
They are black crack heads
Streets are public. You do not own a public street. So they belong to everybody.
Was that electrical tape on that shot gun ? LOL
i laugh every time i see this clip! lo we should start rolling up on catholic mass like they do with this militia logic! theyre funded by a terrorist pedophile haven vatican! theyre extorting $$ while perpetrating a fraud.
Autocorrection what color you ARE... just saying.
Kkk off right shouldn't be allowed to use a second amendment
Did I miss something here?  What was the purpose of all this?
SINCE HIS( WHITE DEMON )EMERGENCE FROM THE CAVES THIS UNGODLY VIOLENT VILE SADISTIC SEXUALLY DEPRAVED CRIMINALLY INSANE BEAST HAS CRAWLED ACROSS THE EARTH PUTTING OUT THE LIGHT WHEREVER HE HAS GONE WITH NOEXCEPTIONS EVERY LIVING ORGANISM UNLUCKY ENOUGH TO HAVE ENCOUNTERED HIM HAS MET A DISASTROUS FATE FUNCTIONING LIKE A PLAGUE UPON THE PLANET HIS SAVAGERY IS LEGENDARY AS HE DEVOURS NLAYS WASTE TO EVERYTHING HE SEES IN HIS GREED N QUEST FOR TOTAL DOMINATION N POWER OVER HUMAN LIFE
Christianity terrorists!
What about white terror
hahahahahahah. This is why they protest in places far from black communities. Ain't no fun when the rabbit got a gun. Did Brietbart cover the indecent at the Mosque? That one was funny as hell. No longer did BAIR feel the need to harrass the members of the mosque when blacks with guns showed up as well. Only in America. This ain't Reconstruction, Jim Crow is dead, unless they outnumber us and have overwhelming numbers their all pussies. This type of shit never happens in Los Angeles, I wonder why.
Shout out to the African American armed wings the bloods the crips Black lifes matter and the rest of the community black and white they come to defend a mosque but not just the mosque but there community from white armed militias uneducated red neck trump sucking fags .. we aint terrorist we god fearing people love life but also dont fear death go get ya guns and go down to the Jewish lobby and just check what them guys are up to because its them pulling strings on you retards false flags attack that shit box in the corner of your room you call a tv its program is just to lie and feed false information and boi Nation of Islam would make u black in one night
Sounds like a bunch of dumb adults with guns being loud and making a lot of noise. We should let them both shoot each other. both sides really being stupid.
This black brags about all the gangs they have present Crips Bloods Etc brilliant that Autumn legitimize their cause
lol the one dude said we got a bunch of street organizations here. "crips, bloods, black lives matter" HE STRAIGHT UP ADMITTED BLM IS A GANG 
THANK GOD THERE ARE STILL SOME REAL AMERICANS WILLING TO SAVE THEIR COUNTRY!
I swear white people live in a fairy tale world.lol
I dont ever have to protest with these people but if shit goes down im going to take out a lot of muslims and blacklives matter. So many more of us is armed then these animals. Legally.
Glad to see the black community expressing their 2nd amendment rights
Angry, bored and miserable is not the best hands holding a gun!
One day all minoritys will rise up and it will be  a scary day for all u honkeys
People uggg
screw this I'm moving to south America
These comments are disgusting! Its 2018 and people are still on this racist bullshit. People need to put that time and energy into something positive.
Bla lie matta, retarded ape domestic terrorists. Wipe these groups out
This might be the most autistic, uneducated, cancerous, primitive, toxic comment section in the history of FuckTardVille, that I've ever had the displeasure of facepalming myself to.
So a bunch of racist blacks vs real Americans
Stay out of Muslim countries murdering and raping civilians and killing for oil (their oil) and you won't have to be afraid of Muslim leaders.
First shall be last and last shall be first.....BUT GOD!!!
by the way does this mean everybody in america should kill white people for the crusades then asshole piece of shit white trash
so what does this have to do with islam again..ohhh yeahh red neck america feels the USA belongs to them only  white is the new minority deal with it brah
armed protest? what of country let that happen?   means civil war coming soon
Reading this white and black racists will make you dumb ima kick back and laugh at ya both.
these pure racist
Black people don't get police protection because your communities lobby to your state congressmen and legislatures to keep police officers from patrolling your communities. You want to cry about something cry about the black men women and children who are black and over 10x as likely to be murdered because they are black by other black people.
Fucking  stupid nonsense   Any excuse
Fuck KKK let's go black panther
That big bitch in that blue choir robe needs to shut up ....titties looking like Ms. Chokesondix
It's great to be white .
I love my black non muslim brothers standing with us muslims much appreciate we will not be intimidated, especially when people are only trying to pray
protect yourselfs against white delusional people
What next black Christian wow
Give me all the black people guns step back
Well it sure is shit ain't her that needs a gun. "I wouldn't give you a gun if it was ww3!"
Caucasian the only race i know damn near every race want to kill
Dallas is the killing ground
Really 
I'm terrified 
Guns don't belong in hands of people with a very low IQ and by the United Nations standards IQ's low enough to retardation standards and guess who they are? 
Ha ha ha they pay taxes lol lol lol lol
Black people are not scared anymore; you got to bring a$$ to get a$$.
BLM DOESN'T HAVE THE LOGISTICAL CAPABILITIES TO STAND A CHANCE IN MODERN WARFARE.
Brought a shotgun to an AR fight ...won't go well for him lol
That sounds so funny white power Black Power but in the end of the day ain't nobody got shit wake up America
Haha I think it is super funny that you brag your in a gun club and your buddy behind you has a Wal-Mart flashlight TAPED to a Mossberg Shotgun. You should have told him how stupid he looked. 2nd He said we got Bloods,Crips a and BLM. That was the most peaceful protest that either of them have ever had. 3rd Screaming black power is not racist ( my ass ) I don't agree with the Klan either. To me NO ONE ACOMPLISHED SHIT.  Except some blacks with a bad case of horse from screaming. Half of these people in the Mosk don't even know or read the book they just follow along like puppets on a string. If these people took that much pride and compassion in there community boy wouldn't this be a awsome place. Must suck to grow up your whole life knowing you have to get the hell away from where you were raised to survive and have something. Treat people the way you want to be treated and we will ALL LIVE IN HARMONY
Kind of funny his sign
Mexicans and African American United.   They will fear
Starting SHIT. If you have to wear a hood your not legit. What happens when people stand up and fight back? We ready... Gun who down? Let's see these white people need to go home.
It looks like both sides have guns and once you leave your yard you don't own the street the government does. The one side i understand and see what they are protesting against. The black side I do not understand at all unless they go to this Moslem Church. And I don't believe that this is the KKK but the other side admitted that they had gangs Bloods and Crips and all lives matter groups looks bad for them.
That editing was perfect
Dumb ass white supremacists crackers
I'm confused,  I thought that these folks were against radical Islam.  I  don't care about color.  I care about religious beliefs that call for the extermination of people.
Thes. Fuck. Kkklo. Kkk. Is.  The.  Fuck. Terror.     Fuck. All.  Kkkl.  Kkkkk.   Kkkkk
The woman at the end is the light in otherwise darkness
Some  PEOPLE  are  loosing  MIND  WHEN  THEY  go  BOLD !  THEY  see  conspiracy  in  every  PENIS  !
You look more like the terrorist
niggers..  smh
Dis be da Hoowee Nooten gun clublol! By the way, fine engineering job taping the ray-o-vac to the Mossberg.
You all going to hell!
'No matter what color you is" hahahaha
Go fuck yourself.  Dallas doesn't belong to you.
African American brothers
I'm surprised that black people don't know why they are getting killed because of the flag being disrespected
Black Lives Matter unless they are killing eachother in the street.
You guys are lying f**** man if you was trying to help you would be trying to do something positive you be getting your asses to work instead of out there selling drugs and s*** don't be saying that how good you are you are f**** nothing
The only language in the workd spoken without the need for  interpretation is the universal language of the bullet. No expensive court cases,  no UN votes,  no debate,  no protests, just quick and decisive. Let the universal babel begin.
So if they for all these civil right and gun ownership and the right to bear. Arms why they covering they face so because its not a white hood makes it better the black people don't have no masks on. So why do they
Em
barrasing
"I don't care what color you is!" Lmfao
OMG I truly miss my Bubba D.K I see him in the background !!!
Just because you have second amendment rights that does not give you the right to kill someone it is not okay to let someone physically assaults you but it is not okay to kill someone because you feel like it or because you think it's your right it is everybody's right to live freely in this country and if people cannot understand that all rights lives races colors religions matter then they should just go somewhere else because that's how it should be people living in peace not hate
I plead the 2nd, always. ... 
Black lives matter so nobody elses life matters ? I think so they act like they have it the worst they really dont tho
People love acting tough when they have. A gun use your hands and fight pussy
I wish these ass hole's would not bring gun's..Just make's it hard for good innocent gun owner's..
We got crips and bloods here. Dont brag about gangs based on color of fabric you monk
Im on the non gang non Islam side
This would be better if someone shot the Breitbart reporter in the head
I am just saying BLACKS will kill each other in a heart beat but allowed these white people to come to South Dallas and leave without a shot fired? Just saying?
Give thanks to our president.
What good is the police. Nothing
Da Black Cruminity
More proof that evolution improves the race.
Quick ! get me a Swahili translator  !
Why would you go to someone's neighborhood in large groups armed and wearing masks stirring up your bullshit beliefs?
1:35 he's smoking a blunt
He says hes concerned about the neighborhood...but yet all year-round
They shoot an sell dope to each other...HAHAHA
Just more anti-American, black Muslim bullshit. It...never...ends. And the World continues to move forward...
Congratulations brave men, this is your country! Dont let the Muslims take over your country!
War lets kill them out and let god sort them out
A bunch a fat inbreds with nothing better to do... let's see the Afro Americans Muslims go to white church with guns... good Job Afro American brothers
Whites crying about Terrorists?!? Lol
Seems like the White police officers were protecting the White citizens.....lol. And, they took a damn oath to serve and protect everyone. That's a damn shame. And, the White man lying through his teeth calling the Nation of Islam a terrorist organization.  The Nation of Islam doesn't not promote violence, but they do promote equality and equity, which is something Black Americans don't get in the US.
It's amazing how black people always say the KKK and I hate to say it but they're almost dead those groups are very small and I'm going to tell you right now Islam is invading in America they're using you guys black lives matter was was made by the Democratic party to keep you guys under their feet and if you need to know I am black and trust me I woke up a long time ago you fools need to wake up down there they're using you still
Lol they're yelling "black power" to the whites and calling them racist  so ironic.
Also it's not your street it's everyone's street,and stop yelling racism that's exactly what your group is,a bunch of racist
Obama fucked this country up damn basterd
I love you
these are the best brother in America black panther gang
Get rid of the kkk racist motherfucker
White supremacist KKK Nazi offspring calling good people terrorists.
Who again are the terrorists youKlan punks ?
Typically Whites talking quietly, but in a informative and peaceful manner.... Whereas Blacks as usual, screaming at people, and becoming foul mouthed and aggressive. They are unable to do any differently..... I don't want too live anywhere near a community of black A.A who are armed? Because they're to volatile IMO
black power str8up
black power str8up
What the hell is up with all the racism.    Shit!!!!
Bullshit right-wing propaganda, kkk armed dept and Breitbart bias. This is America and you know it!!
I just have to laugh at the shotgun with a flash light wrapped in electrical tape.
I would have to imagine one side has more military trained members and vets.  Experience person with a gun beats inexperienced person with a gun 9 outta 10 times.  Target practice and combat arm's training are totally different
The racist nazi forgot he bleeds boi
How is standing against Islam KKK? Looked like a bunch of criminal blacks. Almost all of them, if not all were gang members or sympathizers.
33 degree Mason Albert Pike said they'll use Islam to start wwlll any Negros following Islam or Christianity is a fool. Religion is a lie. Wake up you're being used
Terrorists are terrorist, and you cant relate terrorists with Islam. Terrorist is following no religion and they just use religion as a shield.
did anyone else notice fat black dude taped his flashlight to his shotgun. the other dudes have assault rifles come on bro
The real rlterrorists wear suits and ties, you donate tons of $ to put them on a pedestal, but dont have a $ to feed a hungry person. Most of the peoples sense of freedom is as pale as their skin. REMEMBER WHITE FOLKS, YOU WERE KICKED OUT OF A COUNTRY, SENT OFF ON BOATS TO DIE, BUT LANDED IN THE AMERICAS'. YOU ARE NOT FROM HERE EITHER, YOU BROUGHT BLACKS HERE, AND YOU WHITE HATE THEM?!?! oh wait, they dont teach that in school anymore,  only to be GAY and dont say the word GOD because it might offend someone.
I dunno what color u is???
Dayyum get these old white cunts to do something better than polishing and showing off their guns lol.. fkn scum.. thank god for gun laws in NZ n Australia..who fkn believe in religions in 2018..
Just a bunch of cigarette smoking bums lol
Hear the white Devil talk only in America
Well that didnt work out lol
Good for you guys I hope they have more launch lol
punch of pussies,  needing cops lol
WHITE SUPREMACIST TERRORIST !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!............ BOMBERS AND SUICIDE SHOOTERS.......YOU have no business stereotyping whole entire groups because of a few bad apples  ... THAT'S JUST LIKE SAYING ALL WHITE ARE NAZIS
They look no different than isis.
Blacks with guns = OK
Whites with guns = KKK
WTF?
Lmfao I don't see no kkk no Nazi flag no grand wizard I see gang banging democrat which is kkk. Walking around lol it's dumb as hell when people got their priority all fuck up
Just a shot away
All the groups in America are down for their own Race in America but America stands for all people so get the fuck out of here with all yall races Bullshit youre only trying to look out for your own people all of you motherfuckers Full of shit America is for all nationalities remember that when organize your groups with  your own people that speaks a lot about your Organization right there the only Organization has the most Mixed RACL is the Dawn police department
Shout out to all the brothers in south dallas 
It's like one big larp session
Thank you. These people need to be watched
It's only going to take one pretty bad skirmish to inflame this situation where everybody's armed and skirmishes become more frequent
Gd, I wish I could've been there ARMED AND COUNTER PROTESTING YOUR STUPID ASSES
You think what screaming and mocking gonna stop islam . Tell u son it take nore than word to take islam down
You know what the world most rascist place ........





Youtube comment section.
To all of you PRIDEFUL WHITE DEVILS Id suggest you read the book of Obadiah, & Habakkuk 2:4-12. Its concerning your fate from the Most High God of Israel, for all the rape, robbing, murderer, & oppression youve caused on this earth.
Kkk still trying to divide 2018?
what happens when one ass hole meets another ass hole they lay some farts and both run away?
im a whtie man and i on the black men side dont take no shit from teh whtie terrorist
the muslims are 100 times better then u whtie middle class terrorist
what u do is act like an azz hole u r a whtie terrorist the white middle class are the biggest terrorist in usa
4:12 Ahh don care who yoo iz. Goddamn, do they really talk like that?  Are they that dumb or is it a result of the poor educational system? And why do reporters always interview the most ignorant, fat sheboons for video footage?
Everyone just needs to group hug
Gang members ? Haha , blacks killing blacks nonstop . He didnt do nuffen . It will never change ,they will never admit it .
I don't care color you is what kind of language is that and a gang member saying that can't the cop's to come out when they need them what an idiot it's because ya'll might try to kill them
Kkk is a terrorist group and your white freemasons practice islam in secret
Bloods and crips are not organizations. They are gangs. And black lives matter has been declared a terrorist organization by the attorney generals office.
You would have helped the police more by staying home.
White supremacists got scared bitches
A View From A white guy here: These whites are the true terrorists who mock God and Jesus by going to church every Sunday but they worship,hate, white supremacy, bearing of false Witness and on and on. They lie to themselves and others about they're following of  the teachings of the Christ. They are the ones who  are blasphemous  as they  condemn other religions.
You Can't Hide what's in your heart to the Creator.
Obamas legacy...a civil war race baiting sh!t show.
Ignorance reigns supreme
TRUE:  MOHAMMUD WAS A WHITE MAN WHO OWNED BLACK AND JEWISH SLAVES.  MOHAMMUD CALLED BLACKS RAISIN HEADS!!!  GOOGLE ABOUT HOW HIS SUBJECTS DESCRIBED HIM AS WHITE!!
MOHAMMUD WAS A MORONIC CROSS-DRESSING, PEDOPHILE, SEX-ADDICT WHO WAS SO INSECURE TO THE POINT OF SUICIDAL THOUGHTS AND REQUIRED CONSTANT REASSURANCE.  HE HUMPED AISHA'S LEG WHEN SHE WAS AN INFANT AND HAD SEX WITH HER AT THE AGE OF 9.  HE STATED THAT HE RECEIVED MORE REVELATIONS WEARING  HER GARMENTS.  HE STATED THAT SATAN SLEEPS IN THE NOSE, PEES IN YOUR EARS AND FARTS WHEN THE CALL TO PRAYER IS SOUNDED.
Stupid
Yeah black panther fuck them up
Soviet communist Russian intelligence services KGB created Panther party during cold war in the1960s , most people don't even know history
Antifa , Muslim Brotherhood and all other anti western organizations were created in1960s by a Russian intelligence services KGB , when the cold war ended Russia stopped financing them so most were inactive, but recently Russia started another cold war so all these groups are back in business, Russia creates these groups to divide and destabilize America
Wtf is wrong with you fucking idiots....all of them...go to fucking work like the rest of America...protesters must not have jobs cause I would fire anyone under me that went to protest this embarrassing useless waste of time bullshit
white cops ,fire,and ambulance shouldn't work in that community and see what happens.
....... Just pull police protection for a few weeks in these neighborhoods, let the community fend for itself and see how community oriented the people are...... I give it 2 weeks before it turns almost 3rd world
funny for black to stand up for Islam when in majority Islamic countries blacks are known to be slaves. 
Arab slave trade, how soon they've forgotten.
My black brothers and sisters, stay woke and stay strapped
White people think their  Better than Every other race in a world and their the chosen people or something, they wont be happy to every other race is deadThen theyll start picking off each other
Way to go boys... when you've put the trash out over there please come to the UK and help you're cousins out... there would be PLENTY of people ready to put you guys up....
If it wasn't for white Republicans black people wouldn't have the right to bear arms. Democrats, like the lady talking about everybody shouldn't have guns, are the ones who want them to have their rights taken, not white repubs. There was nothing KKK about them, they just know that Democrats have turned black people against them and they're making a stand.
huh?  bloods and crips are "good guys"?  what contemptuous jackakkery!
This stupid Dave Chapel Crackhead lookin fool. Lips white and dusty as hell.
they better talk to the indians
so these dumb bitches actually came there to stand behind a guard rail
Baldy chews his fingernails down to the nubs.  Who can believe a cannibal?   ALL domestic terrorists are white NRA conservatives and militia traitors.
Kill them all and let Porky Pig sort them out
They yell this is our streets and if this is the case, then how come you don't fix the potholes IN YOUR STREETS or build speed bumps in residential neighborhoods to keep children safe from fast moving vehicles speeding down your streets, or set up STOP SIGNS in heavily traveled side streets? If they insist on claiming these city streets as their streets, then why don't they address these dangerous problems now before a small child doesn't get hit and injured or killed...?
Its cool to see an objective video of such a hot button issue, and especially from an outfit like Breitbart which has long been known for having an obvious far right bent! I like seeing a video of a protest or major political issue that doesnt try to force-fees anyone an agenda, and just puts the facts or events that unfolded out there and lets viewers draw their own conclusions.
So the religion of peace has Muslim Brotherhood, BLM, Crips, Bloods, etc. at their mosque.  Brainwashed or brain dead sheep.  Why do they bring guns?  As the black guy holding a gun from the neighborhood.  But of course that is the usual double standard for the Left.
Uh, this is just a dick-waving contest. Whites and blacks ain't so tough. The real test will be when real men with real convictions have had enough Dick-waving and they start the real war of white vs. black, conservatives vs. liberals. After the smoke clears and the bodies are counted, THEN we see who is still standing. Until then, this is all posing and wannabe nonsense.
why do blacks keep killing blacks? ......BLM
Sypcho zionest mother fucker !! Is it islam what upset you !!! Its shitty shit mental persons !!
He got everybody here that hates
1897 the KKK was designated a domestic terror group by the us government and yet they are allowed to march in our street in present day. You see the problem.
Who made these people God? The federal government has law enforcement if they thought there is a terrorist attack! Racist terrorist is what they are..
Trump is tsking us so far back this is awful
I agree with that woman at the end! Guns dont belong in everybodys hands. I didnt see KKK hoods! I actually didnt see much at all that resembles intelligence. What they facing off over? This country is ran on the same principles of prison politics. So knuckleheads pick a shot caller from your group to represent all of your group. And the shot callers meet with a mediator and talk things out. Or can just be knuckleheads and leave your children permanently separated from their parents! If that is what some of you are butt hurt over! Grow up and go home before a accident occurs from a hothead. So all of you put your heads together and gather as many brain molecules until you can reason this BS out.
The biggest terrorist is the us government.. Fucking moron's
LET THEM KILL EACH OTHER.
CAIR = Terrorist
Wtf is wrong with these people. Why are they such little bitches and scared of Muslims and Islam. If they truly think their ideology is better and believe in the constitution they should let Muslims practice freely. The only reason theyre acting like such bitches is because they see Islam as a threat to their own shitty ideology because Islam is better!
I don't get it. Are they muslim? Why are they protesting against an anti muslim extremist protest? I don't understand is it simply because white men with guns are there or are they really against people who are against muslim extremeism? Sorry for my confusing wording.
Now that was a funny propaganda thing. Hey dude in 1966 the draft was in full swing hmm.
Yeah, and the black fool talking about Huey Newton? Huey newton was killed in Oakland at a drug house by black member of the BGM.
Why they gotta play the gangbanging music once the Armed African Americans pop up.
These white trash supremisict alway praised the cops and are the first ones to gun a office down lol
Made in Amerikkka the klan are pussies
Psh out numbered....so those few well trained men would murder all of you idiots.
Never heard such profound language from such well educated people.
Let em all kill each other
We got the Bloods and the Crypts here lololol... Boy they'd cut your fucking head off for trying to impersonate being a member of their gangs.
One muslim in this country is one to many because they refuse to assimilate and just want to take over every country that they go too.
i can't believe i'm saying this, but it seems like the white guys are actualy the rational people in this deminstration. they dont appear to be affilliated with the kkk or any other white supremecy groups.
Lol the white guys should have started screaming "white power" to show the hypocrisy... its ok for them to say "black power" yet the other way around.. #doublestandard..
look at these motha fucking pigs     http://www.doctrineofdiscovery.org/dumdiversas.htm
It's funny one terrorist group is afraid of just some regular people
Uh, I'm confused...
So, which ones are the bad guys??
terrorist calling everyone that they terrorize a terrorist when you identify who they are from their actions and behavior... what do you expect from the original terrorist victims. wanna know what the long term effect of terrorism on an entire race? yet you learn nothing and your insane mind zeros in on Muslims. why do you only do this to peaceful, loving people and not someone as savage as yourself. proof people of color aren't what you make us out to be, this is a defensive reaction to your actions towards us and you refuse peace. get it how you live.
LMAO.... Space Force One
Who the fuck did they kill to be terrorist
you stupid shit... the laws you obey and illegally enforce are written from Islamic codes. Islam= I Self Law Am Master. when the most high is within you and you are the temple in which He dwells, then you know right from wrong and act in that capacity. what the fuxx are you talking to in the clouds that serves you and makes you abandon the creator. you are not God, but God is you. yet you idolize a Caucas mountain cave dweller and let him enslave your existence and soul through trickery,word majik, and contracts written in a language (English) using words that mean differently than you were taught (etymology), legalese. hairless ape, born with a tail, extra vertebrae (the real"monkey bone''), hair all over(fur), smells like wet dog because it fuxks(attacks) the canine. people smell like people (musky), from India, Africa, Mexico,US, etc. only Caucasian smell like wet dog (animals). you just a monkey with a new trick, can't create, just steal, alter beyond recognition, then declare it your own. pathetic! even the caveman stole his home from other animals risking his life to steal a home...then nickname himself caveman to claim ownership.....sound familiar... Columbus . mark of the beast is adopting the behavior of a savage deranged hairless ape over your God/self (i and I). book of Enoch identifies them as hybrids. unclean growers of the thin yellow hair. on the same level as pork, filthy.NOT FUCKING HUEMANS (correctly spelled for the educated dummies).
Fuck all white nazis  and kkk  we need to unite Latinos blacks muslims and others to beat the fuck out this people and wash them of this 
Islam because it's in America to stay! Deal with it!
They need to start shootin so we can shoot back.  Period
We got the blood we got the Crips we are going to have to do what they want is a civil war and they're fixing to get it it's not going to be pretty especially the Black Panther new excuse me
But I also don't like people coming from another country to make us bow down to their beliefs so back it up back it off or shut up.
Before you condemn the KKK first learn what it means I'm not a person that likes the KKK I don't like a hate group the KKK did not start that way look up what KKK means Klu Klux Klan Klu Klux means family Clan no excuse me I'm sorry Klu Klux mean Circle Clan means family you think I'm kidding look it up and I do not approve of the Ku Klux Klan do some research before you grill everybody
Docile SHEEP WAKE UP.  PRAY PRAY PRAY THAT THE ISLAMIC TERRORISTS WILL NOT BE ABLE TO BLOW UP OUR SCHOOL CHILDREN ON SCHOOL BUSES HERE THE WAY THAT ISLAMIC TERRORISTS HAVE DONE IN ISRAEL AND EUROPE.  MAGA. MARK THESE WORDS JUSTICE IS COMING.
Duck America fucc everyone really this been a war zone people gone stand for right n brain washed n corrupted people gone supporting the enemies
2nd amendment is not only for white chickens every single Black,  Asian, Hispanic, Arab should get a gun it's third right just like any white chiken.  If Hundred white chickens showed up with guns like in this video atleast 1000 of guys need to get infront of them.
Good Job Black Panthers what I understand white chickens lay some aggs made some noise and got rosted.
american the must racist in the world white racist kill iraqi people and they kill the refuge racist trash
Didn't the Nazi's run when the brave black folk got their guns. White pedos fear the black man 
Fuck the KKK and fuck the black panthers and fuck all these racist fucking assholes no matter what color they are theyre all trash and dont deserve to live on this planet
go fck urself who r u to call anyone a terror artist u da fckin terrorist !
Fuck white European terrorists, this is the only language they understand, the weapon and violence language. Its funny how they looked very peaceful when the black panther group brought big guns with them
tired of the so called first ammendments
You white devils invented guns and murder. White boys shoot up schools and churches white women whores who love dark hunks of chocolate. I know thats what you really fear.
I mean i assume that alot of Black americans join Islam as some sort of hatred for Chirstianity, because of slavery in America. Even though Islam itself enslaved millions of africans in the Arab slave-trade which pre-dated European slavery and then also outlived it, Carrying on for more than 10 centuries, using racist ideas and Quranic scripture to justify the means. So if any black americans hate christianity for being a "white" religion, well Islam would then just be an "Arab" religion.
Kkk bunch of idiots with no knowledge. They looking for trouble but some day they will get it and they will die painfully
only whites, with prosperous nations, arent allowed to do what all the others do in their own places. all these massive problems bc of the envious malevolent others who do not make their own nice places are perpetually manipulating and trying to invade other prosperous peoples places. forcing themselves into others world and demanding redistributions of wealth. its been the same since eternity everywhere, but especially demonstrated by the blacks, and the american blacks are the ultimate. they continually make tribal threats, demands, and extorted concessions by others, and the whites there usually capitulate in order to deal with them as if they would deal with any other reasonable people of like mind, except the others are proven not of like mind. their manipulative behavior and the proof of what they always create everywhere they go is well demonstrated. they have the majority of massive africa for 100,000 years yet still have not created any nicety there. the only nicety that was created in africa was created by non-blacks, and then once overrun by blacks it always crumbled. the chinese are trying it now, and their result will be the same. they cant even maintain what they take from others. and that is the only thing they have demonstrated that they do. essentially nobody in the world wants to go to their places, yet they demand inclusion in others places. they cannot be content with what they create for themselves as most others are. they were just forever warring with each others tribes in the infamous "10,000 tribes of africa" until the euros finally somehow gave their majorities their own nations and borders. then eventually gave up and left the africans to themselves after centuries of their failure to standardize and domesticate. they say they hate the white man but they sure do enjoy the nicety those guys created that allowed them to go from archaic caveman with population of 30 million in all of africa in 1400 when euros came, to extremely excessive 1 billion plus now. meanwhile korea, japan, taiwan, and even communist china's majority tribes turned their lands into thriving nations in under 50 years. its only the people that made the place who can continue to make it. and all the tribes have long had their own places. american whites are the majority who also made the nicest places for themselves, and the image that the USA  was/is. exactly the same as eveywhere else in the world, the yamato tribe ruling japan, joseons ruling korea, tagalog tribe in PI, and han tribes china & taiwan. see 56+ different offical tribes in china who cant even understand each other talking, being ruled by the han tribe, and dont have any of the problems the blacks bring to the americans and elsewhere. the east asians were always the poorest and most alien people in the USA, yet they never had any of the problems the blacks have always brought there, regardless of economics or racism/nativism/nationalism that is normal in every tribes place. the blacks invasions to others places in the USA is the equivalent of the african invasions of europe now, it can only be a contrived effort by enemies of those nations. it is a massive effort to manipulate the americans, watch their media and see their 12% max population of anyone claiming black, being portrayed as 50%+ of their society/roles. forced upon the entire USA population of every other race who are not represented in such imaginary proportions. it is insanity, especially westward of the mississippi where blacks have had next to no history or creations. even the chinese and irish immigrant servants who built the railroads in california didnt have the blacks problems. it is clear that the blacks are doing to the USA exactly as they have done to south africa. the euros built their nice place at the extreme south across the desert, but even that wasnt enough. for centuries the prosperous nation they created from archaic wilderness and scattered bushmen was incessantly overrun by the tropical blacks from the north. now see once prosperous euro south africa completely destroyed by the tropical blacks, who are only concerned with their foolish claim that they were there before the euros came. the entire prosperous modern world is lost unless true world diversity is maintained by all the tribes in their own long established places, the very basis of a country being for a common people with similar heritage, culture, language, etc. the 12% blacks in the USA that have caused so much 24/7 suffering for generations are simply socially incompatible. biologically as well, as demonstrated by their, and other tropical peoples, high succeptibility to severe skin, lung, and no doubt mental problems caused by desert biome of the western USA, such as the coccidioides fungus that is most potent in all of desert californias soil and only needs go airborne or be concentrated to affect them. it is the same as the severe physical and mental decline that affects nontropical people who try to live in the tropics. the world is full. all the other tribes only option is to fix their own places.
Not for violence. I am for watching the Muslims. ..
Right on
I see a lot of racist comments and that is a shame.  We need to learn to live together in peace.
They all look like retards on both sides..

But that man's holding a maverick 88 pump that has a cheap flashlight taped on (for the middle of the day, outside.) to the barrel, with a damn leather cap on his head.

That dudes  fighting his damn self already, how's he going to help?
F..ing morons, Muslim brotherhood is American alley  in mideast.
us government   supported them in Egypt against Saudi. And work with them in sirya ,These people are stupid as ffffff.
White Guy talked tough going to the rally but ran away scared like the White cowards they are PATHETIC
So why are you hiding your face look like pussy
I love how breitbart puts hip hop and shows them as threatening. The white terrorist are portrayed as non threatening. Propaganda at its finest. Fuck breitbart
So the guy with the machine gun, mask with a skull printed on it, on his way to create a confrontation isn't the terrorist? lol
People always make it about race. This is good vs evil. With Islam in control. Gays will be killed on the spot. No drugs or extra marital affairs. Only child mill esters and goat fuckers allowed. People are stupid.
Not so fun when these white discriminators and terrorist met with armed resistance at the receiving end. Long live Unites States of America together we rise down with Trump. Cowards tried to discriminate and bully worshippers at the end they're the one getting pushed back taste of their own medicine! Karma is sweet say no to discrimination!
HEY SHE DON'T CARE WHAT COLOR YOU IS

America is so fucked up. The worlds toilet
Second amendment rights right? Oh wait let me guess.
ISRAEL / APAC is the world terrorist group,,,dont hate some idiot broke mid easterns that get bribed by money and hiding behind ISLAM...

STOP being ignorant and educate yourselves about true ISLAM which is peace with all mankind and especially Christian's as they are the closest to Islam in faith...
Jews reject jesus and thought they killed him

Educate yourselves u NAZIS
Thank you UK government for being strict on  guns laws
Fuck this crackheads
Wow These Militia Men Are The Real Domestic Terrorists... Wtf? Please Put These Hate Spreaders & Agitators In Jail. Take Back Your Neighborhoods People! From These Nut Jobs Who Falsely Call Themselves Patriots! They Are Deviders & Not Unifiers! And Wouldn't Even Know What The Constitution Says, Unless It Allows There Low IQ Selves To Openly Carry Automatic Weapons Around...
Y'all need to keep yalls stupid ass racist shit up outta Dallas
Lmao so dumbprotest group, counter protest group whats next a counters counter protest group
Im pretty conservative but I never understood why people hate muslims.
Dirty racists I swear the kkk is predominately white people but that doesnt mean every white person is in the kkk vice versa with islam
Terrorist KKK, White supremacist, Nazis, Racist ignorant idiots
KAUCASIAN KAVE KREATURES
Yal better off not playing with  Farrakhan.
These red dogs or the biggest terrorist in America your kids blow up schools shoot up children Terry McVay it Red Devil to kill all the people in Vegas suan and suan Jacob have I loved Esau have I hated
fat dudes got his flashlight electrical taped to his shotgun!  hahaha
Lol. I wonder the dick size of these guys.  I'm sure that's where it comes from.
Go to Islam with these Fucktards
I love how he was talking before getting  to the mosque and his demeanor after he  was there  , how he was thanking the police for protecting them ,hahahahahahahahahah
And it's you stupid ass white people that's willing to die for an idea that's not even true we are armed we are ready for you come on come get you some of us all of you some sick coward motherfuckers all we want is to be treated Fair I myself and far and passed done with this bullshit I'm ready to shoot one of you motherfukers on site yeah just a scenario you cock sucking coward
Keep fucking with the Muslims okay I'll guarantee you you get a golden dick stuck up your ass this is a warning to you and I'm not even Muslim but I believe that they will not stand for this bullshit they are not cowards they do have a God and he is real unlike yours
You guys think we are playing with you you think we are joking I got plenty arms I have bomb-making skills I can do all that shit to destroy you guys world now you see we will fight back God bless you in Newton gun club and the New Black Panther Party although I don't believe in everything they say I think they will protect our people I for one will die for my people I'm not scared of them motherfuckers it's about time it it's about time we put those rabbits bitches down I'm all for balance all I need is Direction you tell me who to get I'll get them okay now is this a scenario that you smart white people want? We are not scared of you I keep telling you that it won't take much of anything to set me an action you talk about sleeper shells huh that's a joke what's real it's me with a gun! And I am by no means scared to use it I'm tired of you son of a bitches you talk all that shit but you can't back up any of it I don't need a gun to with one of you motherfukers ass I'm a 60 year old man and I'm crippled but I can't put any one of you like that was down you cock sucking son of a bitches!
Why is it black always crying about there rights . . . But when other races talk and invoke there rights. . . . There called racist . . . . Who died and left blacks in charge of who is racist and who is not . . . . It's time for all other races to stand up and let black people know we have rights to . . . . . All the blacks in this video are straight up getto rats . . . . And we all know how wonderful the ghetto is and how prosperous it is from the Geniuses that live there . . . . Standing on the corner selling drugs is not considered a true business . . . It's a quick trip to the graveyard or prison . . . . Ain't no other race holding a gun or forcing these black guys to stand out there on the corner to sell drugs . . . But when they go to prison or get killed blacks want to sit around and blame the rest of the world for it . . .  especially the whites . . . . When will Blacks start taking responsibility for their own actions and quit sitting around crying and using the race card and blaming the rest of the world for there problems . ????
A bunch of poor white idiots who got the nerve to call people Terrorist after taking the Native American land and claim it as their own, who is the real terrorist
Not use to the nigg@$ holding guns to.
Then go fight the evil Muslim countries over sea cause 99% of Muslims who run away to the USA were and are victims of the evils

LONG LIVE I USA CIA
And what you are doing is not terrorizing a group or groups of people?
I absolutely love the New black panther party!
The klan the others thur history killed and bullied black Americans and there not terrorist group
Interesting
JUST HOW DOES  RT (( A RUSSIAN NEWS ORGANIZATION ))) DEFINE AN ANTI MUSLIM HATE GROUP.
I CAN UNDERSTAND THE ANTI MUSLIM LABEL,,,,,,MOST AMERICANS ARE ANTI MUSLIM,,,IF THOSE MUSLIMS WANT TO STICK TO THE TEACHING OF THEIR QURAN.

AND SINCE WHEN DO NEWS CASTERS,,,SMILE THROUGH A SECTION WHERE IT IS TALKING ABOUT HATEING,,AND DIFFERENT SIDES CARRYING GUNS,,,,,SEEMS STRANGE.

THESE SO CALLED HATE GROUPS,,,,,,,I NOTICE YOU DID NOT SHOW THEM RUNNING OFF,,,,WHY NOT LET US SEE THAT ACTUAL FOOTAGE,,,,,,SINCE THAT WAS THE REAL SUBJECT OF THE PIECE.
STRANGE YOU DID NOT HAVE THAT,,,,MAKES ME THINK OF CNN,,,,,NOT HAVING CERTAIN FOOTAGE THEY CLAIM TO BACK UP WHAT THEY SAY WAS REALLY GOING ON.

AS A BLACK MAN,,,,,ALONG WITH MANY OTHER KNOWLEDGABLE BLACK MEN IN AMERICA,,,,,WE KNOW THE BLACK PANTHERS IS A HATE GROUP ITSELF,,,,,,,NOTICE RT DID NOT MENTION THAT.

THE BLACK PANTHERS LEADER IS A MUSLIM HIMSELF,,,,AS WELL AS 90% IF NOT ALL OF HIS FOLLOWERS,,,,,,,THUS THE BLACK PANTHERS ONLY CAME TO PROTECT OTHER MUSLIMS,,,,,
RT  GET YOUR FACTS STRAIGHT,,,,,,,,KNOW WHAT THE HELL YOUR REPORTING ON,,,,,OR JUST SHUT THE HELL UP,,,,,,,ARE YOU LIKE RELATED TO THE LYING CNN NEWS ORGANIZATION,,,,CERTIANLY SOUNDS LIKE IT.

THE BLACK PANTHERS,,,,,ARE NOT INTERESTED IN  THE AMERICAN BLACK RACE NOR CAUSE,,,,,WHAT A JOKE.

THERE ARE ROUGHLY 1500 BLACKS KILLING ONE ANOTHER EACH YEAR,,,,,,,EVERY 12 MONTHS,,,,,AND IT HAS BEEN GOING ON FOR YEARS,,,,ALL IN JUST CHICAGO.

SO I ASK YOU  RT ((( OH FOOLISH ONES )))  WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME THE BLACK PANTHERS WENT TO CHICAGO TO TRY TO SLOW THAT MASSACRE DOWN,,,,OR HOW ABOUT,,,,OFFERING THE MOTHERS OF ALL THOSE DEAD TEENS,,, ((( AND MOST OF THEM ARE JUST THAT TEENS  ))) ANY HELP IN THE BURYING OF ALL THOSE CHILDREN,,,OR HOW ABOUT SOME HUMAN SUPPORT TOWARDS THOSE YOUNG TEENS,,,,,,,POINTING THEM IN ANOTHER DIRECTION,,,OTHER THAN GANG BANGING.

I'LL TELL YOU THE LAST TIME THEY WERE IN CHICAGO ,,,TO HELP OUT ,,,,
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>  NEVER  <<<<<<<<<<<<<<<<  GO IT,,,,,NEVER.
AND GUESS WHAT THEY WILL NEVER DO SO,,,,THAT IS NOT THEIR GOAL,,,,,THE BLACK PANTHER PARTIES GOAL,,,,,,IS TO BE JUST ANOTHER ARE OF THE BLACK PIMPS ORGANIZATION,,,,,,,
THE FOLLOWING ARE SOME WELL KNOWN MEMBERS OF THE GHETTO PIMP ORGANIZATION,,,,,,

THESE WOULD BE THE FOLLOWING :
THE CONGRESSIONAL BLACK CACUS
THE NAACP
JESSE JACKSON
AL SHARPTON
MANY OF THE NOTED BLACK PROFESSORS,,SUCH AS ANGELIA DAVIS,,,,,,WHO SHOULD BE IN JAIL,,,,CERTAINLY NOT SPREADING HER HATE OF AMERICA IN BERKELEY CALIF,,, AS A PROFESSOR.

LOOK AT ALL THESWE PEOPLE AND GROUPS,,,AND ASK YOURSELF,,,,,,WHEN HAVE ANY OF THEM DID ANY THING OF REAL MEANING FOR ANY BLACK COMMUNITY,,,,,,,,
AFTER ALL PUTTING ALL THESE PEOPLE TOGETHER AND YOU COME UP WITH MILLIONS OF DOLLARS BETWEEN THEM ALL.

SO WHEN WAS THE LAST TIME WE HEARD THEY ALL GOT TOGETHER AND GAVE SOME POOR  AREA IN SOME GHETTO ,,,,YOU KNOW A LOUSY $500,000 CHECK TO HELP SOME BLACK CHILDREN TO HELP WITH BOOKS,,,,OR SCHOOL SUPPLIES,,,OR COMPUTERS OR LAPTOPS,,,,,,,,,,,,TRY >>>>>>>>>>>>>>NEVER <<<<<<<<<<<<< AND THEY NEVER WILL,,,CAUSE THEY ARE IN TO TAKING ONLY,,,,NOT GIVING,,,,,ONLY TAKING,,,,,,,,

SIMPLY LOOK HOW LONG THEY HAVE BEEN AROUND,,,,,25,35,,,SOME EVEN 65 YEARS,,,,,,,,AND NOT ONE CAN POINT TO SOMETHING THEY HAVE DONE THAT REALLY MATTERED,,,,,,,,CAUSE THEY ARE ALL PHONIES,,,,,EVERYONE OF THEM.

AND THE BLACK PANTHERS ARE SIMPLY JOKES,,,,,EXCEPT THEIR HATE FOR WHITE PEOPLE IS NO JOKE,,,,,WHICH THEN OF COURSE MAKES THEM ALL RACIST,,,,,,,CAUSE THAT IS EXACTLY WHAT THEY ARE,,,,,,,,ALL RACIST.
Lol oh I see you white muthafuckers don't like it when you show up and there's black people with guns,  now their thugs,  and uneducated...but at least their not cowards hiding their faces with a mask...so all you racist white fucks on here can suck a sick because you gonna see more of this
Great job on standing up for your brothers and sisters,  Muslim and Christian  ......these fags have a nerve calling normal,  regular people terrorists but when they were burning crosses and lynching innocent people for hundreds of years that's just nothing to be mentioned,  what awful human beings.  Great job on standing up for justice!
Black panthers are the shit
pussy ass white bitch
These are little pussy coming there with guns to fight with unarmed Muslims. Why don't you fire just one bullet and see what happens lol
This mfka taped a damn light to the shotty lmfao
It was all a publicity stunt... some PR firm from the ghetto had the bright idea... and they went with it... New Black Panda party says, we send out the "anti-muslim" blacks, then we show up and make our statement; the dumb ass media will cover it. "It'll make us look good in the eyes of the extremist, they might support our terrorist ways". Great job blacks!!! The dead give away was when I heard black flying the Great American flag while bearing arms...hahahah like they give a Panthers ass about this great nation. Boy please!!!
Just like a coward to only be brave with faux bravado when they think there's no contest.
They dead the police have an armed helicopter that will plow them down in an instants
Bold headed white cowards as soon as they see equal power they run like a fucking pussy!!!!!!!                   Let's talk diplomacy 
Some black people forget the tribulations their ancestors went through being pursued by racism. Now they do it to others as well. Just to be clear I'm not white. I'm from the reservation in AZ. White people came from foreign lands in pursue of FREEDOM OF RELIGION and other reasons. But mainly for freedom. Christianity brought genocide to many of our tribes. Not Islam. Saying this what separates these anti-muslim idiots from white supremacist ideology besides color? Nothing.
We should do that to Christian churches also. Since historically they have brought genocide to many people, cultures, countries.
THE TERRORISTS OF THE EARTH CALL EVERYONE TERRORISTS. THE WHITE MAN WOMAN AND CHILD IS THE DEVIL THE BIBLE SPEAKS OF!
While the worker Ants are fighting each other. Both of your dinner is being prepared by strangers. So so so so silly we are. Professional FOOLS WE HAVE BECOME. Fear is the only disease that exists.
Armed demonstrations should not be allowed. This is brandishing.
Old white racist run away when faced by armed black people.

Hmm may be something to this second amendment so long as it is equally applied. 

But I think it's just a bad idea for citizens to be armed like this, things could have gone very very wrong.
Damn this is a powder keg
LOL...wait wait wait... This is my first time stumbling along a Breitbart "News" video. 69 K subscribers???!! LOL THAT"S IT? There are 6 year olds on YouTube with 100 times that following. What the fuck is all the commotion about? You dumb motherfuckers truly ARE the minority and are in full fucking panic mode grasping at straws, aren't you? Oh this is glorious, and fucking HILARIOUS. You are about to get stomped you fucking cretin Nazi closet homo jib tech warrior inbred corn fed rejects. You are hanging on by a STRING. This is why WHITE women want NOTHING to do with you anymore. While you retarded basement dwelling cucks simmer in your pot of hate-stew, your women are out here fucking EVERY other race which means one thing............in about 50 years the entire world will essentially mesh into one color. You know why? The darker genes dominate the pale, weak and brittle albino genes. You CAN'T win. You've already lost. Bye bye you shriveled dick, closet homo cuck boys. Time's up motherfuckers....

PS. Why the fuck is this hick infested, AshkeNazi Jew funded channel playing "cool" Hip-Hop beats in the background? Stick to your own culture you fucking vultures. :D
Muslim brotherhood hahahaha rhey are in Egypt omg ignorance is bliss lol.
Extinction for the white devil
you Esau edom all fucking with my peoples

B.A I.R IS A REAL TERRORIST GROUP. It's funny how they thought they could going to the community and think they could bully people around showing their guns but then they ran into a group of people who has that heat too. And those white supremacist cowards didn't want none of that. Sent their asses with their tails between their legs. These guys got a lot of nerve to call someone a terrorist group when the same guys was about to go commit Acts of terrorism. And it backfired on their ass and luckily for them it didn't get worse. They going to find out you ain't dealing with no turn the other cheek We Shall Overcome type of Negroes  anymore. We on some we will kick your ass if you fuck with us 
Meanwhile only white kids have been the domestic terrorist in this country...
It's disgusting that everything that that old bald white man said about those officers who protect white people. The law does all of those terrorist things to innocent people of color constantly (the so called protectors and upholders of the law, and without surprise the clan and police have always had members who sworw alleigance first to the secret christian society known as the kkk ) Facts
the days of white racist people intimidating us is OVER
Bear is wrong and the Black Panthers are right. END OF STORY!
They should've mowed down all 6 of those cowards.
What's cookie monster talking about at the end?
So those Devil thought that they were just going to come into other people's neighborhood armed because Black People don't have Guns 
love to knock off them black
where do I join
we wuz romans and vikingz
The 3%ers are the same ones that supported Bundy Ranch and threatened to kill officers if they did their jobs. Yet they call themselves PATRIOTS. GTFOH!!!
Why aren't you whiteboys going after the kkk they're a terror group
Islamic state is American based.

Bitch what 
If you're white you're alright if you're black send them back
Lol white ppl look for trouble and say your the problem LMAO
Racist pricks
Just start shooting already. Civil war is going to happen anyway. Better sooner than later. It will start sooner it will end sooner.
I'm sorry, you black boys just don't have the balls, you're outclassed and outgunned you, hopeless morons!! You have no battle strategy or plan, go home and eat bananas!
Yeah that not going to come happen stay in your community stop fucking with are community Fuck you crackers we will be Armed as well.
You damn whiteys should have stayed the fuck in Europe ! You fucking pink pig fleshed oily oinkers, snorting your snout where it don't belong and shuffling your trotters like you're ready to eat some pig swill !
They have gang members there, I wonder how many felons were there with guns!
Islam is a religion of peace. Only a few groups make it seem the opposite. Besides, people need to stop violence, and aim for peace!!!
If youre concerned about the community, put doen the gun and pick up a paint brush, a broom, a hammer, or even just some garbage.
If you attack any Muslim, you can kiss America goodbye. It will spread like fire. The economy will collapse in a week. Better crawl back into your caves and swamps.
So there is are islands in lake Michigan can we please drop all the fucktards on the islands out there please. We can give them all the red neck & hoodrat fire power they could ever want so they can just go at it! Shit you can put it on pay per view to fund the operation 
Hooray Guns for everyone ! Funny how only the black group is described as having guns.
I would back ya'lls black asses up coz ya'll don't wanna mess with these guys. They know what their doing.
Trying to bring the black men down what about how white people praise hitler
Crying about American terrorism while terrorizing Americans with a skull mask on... Priceless
Conservatives are bitches by nature.
You pussies can't do shit. Black Panther party will fuck your skid ass up.
These white hypocrites have some damn nerve talking about terrorist groups with the dumb ass murderous kkk being the largest terrorist group of them all. What a waste of human flesh.
why do they have to come all the way to their mosque.
Whahaha nice on, the banner : "Follow your leader kill yourself".x)
why did we lose God why did we take God out of the equation
America is the great Melting Pot where are the brighter minds of the day everything's about economics if all the people in the United States came together on a common cause for a common cause our government would have to give it to us they would have to comply because united we stand divided we fall that's just the truth
GOT CHASED OFF BY REAL MEN.
Why they going to the black neighborhood, with guns in the first place!!!??? That's what started all that shit!!! Kkk are bored or don't have jobs!!!
You fckn kkk goons look pretty terrorist and dangerous to me!!!!
Yeah fight fire with fire yu see the white supremacist chickend out when faced with the same fire power  a bully is always a coward thanks brothers
White pussys hide behind the pigs plane pussys.
Rasict whites calling blacks rasict when they get out numbered lol.
Welfare muther fuckers you ant paying no fucking tax to pay for streets but its yours
How manay of the are fellons
All u see us two ignorant groups who both should be labeled terrorists
White American hate everyone, start off with Indians then blacks,Russian, Muslim, etc
I remember 17 years ago when I was in prison the whites and blacks ask the Mexicans who would win a race war and the homie said the white boys why you ask because they're the only ones you've ever bombed the federal building with a truckload of manure they wiped out whole civilizations they gave the Native Americans smallpox in blankets do you honestly think these f**** would not wipe you off the face of the Earth if it came down to it they're teaching their 12 year old daughters how to shoot guns and hit the nail on the head every time
these pekker woods think they the only ones ready for Armegedon lol,  LA RAZA  IS DOWN AND READY,
Dear Children, 

This is Devolution at it's finest.

Don't be like any of these people. 

Instead; 

Love all people who were created by Jesus Christ!
Disgusting...
The White Men Christian's have killed more people in America than any organization. Facts
Looks like to me the protesters are getting protested.
I'm a tax payer welfare is not a taxpayer
95% of those Blacks are on welfare.
As a non native speaker, why do I speak better English than most African Americans? Is it supposed to be cool to  sound like a retard?
Are these Nazis actually saying that all black people are Muslims? What the fuck are they doing with a show of force in black neighborhoods?
Dallas Tx=..the next modern day civil war!...I live in Dallas and I see this bullshit struggle for power all the time....
I love you black power movement for your time
stands up my brother your the problem kkk the fuck your white people need to go back to Europe
Breitbart News. Your editing is Racist. FUCK YOU> FAKE ASS.
You Guys seem so frighten. What's up.? oh. Blacks got Legal Guns as well.
Bloods and crips and BLM=  Worthless trash
White people stay on bs
The DEMOCOMMIES Trained the Blacks to Hate and did a Damn Good Job. Hate just for Hates Sake ...
thanks: the woman at the end of the video is retarded, everybody is armed and that one peaceful protest......
Pax Christi
The lady in blue at 4:11 should stop eating fried chicken and wear a bar
LOL BLACKS FOR ALLAH
Whites destroy everything.
HISTORY SAYS THAT
THAT INCLUDES BLACK COMMUNITIES
we got the bloos and the creps here hahahaha
Little does this man know, his ancestors were terrorists.  They murdered, raped, lynched, and terrorized both blacks, and Natives to America.
Fight Islam while Zionazism takes away your rights.
sooo many mossberbs and sks's     ,  dont worry all that shit will jam and breakdown shortly
And ain't nobody afraid of your blm crap or the bloods or crips either.  Bahahaha losers
Good job men,
The cops are there to protect the whites
The sad thing about Muslims is they have no savior. Truthtimeradio.com
Bunch of dumbasses
So the white power anti-muslim group carrying guns in a protest against people worshipping their god is ok. But if a black person dares to own a weapon and show support against the haters he is a thug?! Riiight! All religions are BS created by man to control the masses and gain access to the public purse.
Brain disfunction
Yellow pigs and monkeys can do nothing about it
This is America 
If they dont like it 
Simply 
GO back to EUROPE 
Tho land of the Yellows 
All those animals. Just drop a bomb in south Dallas and be done with it.
WHITE FOLKS KILL ME WHEN THEY TALK ABOUT TERRORISTS,  WHEN THEY THE ONES WHO SHOOTING UP EVERYTHING,  AND WHAT ABOUT THE KKK THOSE ARE TERRORIST. ..SO I GUESS TERRORIST ARE COOL JUST AS LONG AS IT'S THEM TERRORIZING. ...IDIOT'S
How uneducated these people are makes you think they don't know their ass from the head  they got their head stuck up the backside so high up need to get out of there and smell the world backwards idiots
Sorry but you cannot walk around holding your shotgun like that. The big black guy is breaking the law, you must have it in a holster or a rifle/shotgun sling. Yes they do make holsters for shotguns.
cowards yo womens got more courage than y'all pussies terrorizing children and elders you think you tuff with your guns gtfoh as soon as they saw BP they ran off like rats cops won't save you next time pussy boys
Good job black panthers 
Guns DO belong in every one's hands. You know why? because "They" have guns...Amen.
This is America !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Cry baby blacks.
#fakenews #lies Nazis 
she said she a tax payer lol you mean tax collector!
Damn,
Kids going ta worship. 
Face this....
If they going ta worship, then going home.
Nah,
Check em out at a distance.
You see em buying guns, ammo.
Then fuck it, they doing same as you even.
This shits much for sure....
I love Muslims as much as my Cristians, Catholics and anyone else.
Just don't fuck with me and mine, were good.
All I know is we need Arib lunch trucks as much as Mexican lunch trucks.
Guess I'm just a food loving guy so I'm switchin the channel ta some other shit.
The question is, "who bussed all these people" to Texas?
All of a sudden BLM is FOR ISLAMIST TERRORISTS?
Rasict idiots on both sides , white rasict were talking shit until they met other idiots with guns , then they talk like there the victims  idiots with guns on both sides  bunch of pussies , won by be long before Trump or Kim Jong  push the nuke button  God know we deserve  it all this damn hate over color    and so many idiots that follow these fools
These people don't understand that the German police are who stopped Hitler's first attempt to take over Germany, when those fake protestors take money from Soros they just took money from a man who was a Hungarian "Nazi collaborator! And in Soros own words he said" that nothing gave him more pleasure than seeing the Germans kill the jews, " of which Soros was a Jew" but his father apparently took up with the Nazis during ww2 and Soros apparently joined them. His puppet master is rothchids, and Obama was Soros puppet master. The rothchilds who apparently own half the world's wealth were to be Hillary's puppet master. It is said that this family now reportedly to be worth around 500 trillion dollars are the heads of illuminatti or Satan worshippers. They have control of our world basicly, they can move their money one way or the other and can crash the banks of entire country's, it is crazy when my friend first told me that someone was richer than bill gates I silently thought " I didn't think anyone was richer, ( but bill gates has been giving away billions for years) I think the head of Amazon may now be ahead of gates, but hey people, it's time the world broke these evil people running the world who have bankrolled ww1, ww2, and probably every other war we have been into. It is terrible to know now that the bush family as well as Obama worked for some evil people. Those are the very kind of people these protestors claim to be protesting against, and they, as the old buggers lived in Germany know that the police were the first line of defense against the real Nazis when they first tryed takeover of Germany. I know many things aren't what they seem. There is a giant battle against good and evil right now. If you have any real care for your country, your family's lives and your soul, stay away from Soros, his money is blood money. Their idea is to take over civilized country's from within by filling them with immigrants who will probably never fit in, or accept our laws. We the good people of this nation who would lay our life on the line against tyranny are out here , silently watching all these poor kids being misslead, and trying to spark civil war with a force they can't can't win ( the American civillian millitia) and they consist of every able bodied person from 18 years on up. They are the the insurance policy of the Constitution and would be one of the biggest army's in the world. And believe me they can come to life the very second tyranny starts. They are the blades of grass the Japanese talked about when they figured they better not try armed attack of the u.s. Homeland. They were told by their generals that would be a bad idea. Because people when it comes to the USA. It's all for one, and one for all! Your skin tone has nothing to do with it . But hey imagine how much better our world would be if not for the globalist , we would have free electricity, that's what Nicola Tesla wanted. And they have suppressed do much technology that they have suppressed free energy that as the guy who invented the Sunbeam car told another guy" he said that he could take him to his house and show him a unit the size of a household air conditioner that could generate enough energy to power probabbly two to three homes! But he was afraid to talk about it more. But I am sure I know how this motor works it's what I call a magnet motor. Anywho as I am probably rambling on these motors can run forever right but hey that would kill the oil companies , utility companys etc. They have cures for cancer that one day you hear about them, then suddenly you never hear another thing about it! That is because the drug companies make so much selling chemo, that kills even the good cells in their body. Think about it how many friends and loved ones have you known died from the chemo. You will hear nothing of these things I have told you in the colleges because they have bad intentions and want to turn you into a robot for evil. What about public schools, most no better children are nothing but a dollar sign for them I believe it's probably between 6-9.000$ they get for each student that's why they don't like homeschoolers. Because homeschooled kids can learn more in one or two hours than one can learn in public schools all day . In fact that's why they usually always win spelling bees , and the millitary wanted them over public schooled.
Did that one guy have a flashlight electrical taped to his shotgun?  He probably wouldn't last long.
Your right about islam, 
But you really think that you people conquering tyrants will make you any different than them, think again, remember God is in Control.
Remember what happen to Barabas and his militia in the bible when he tried to over throw the Romans they lost, Jesus said put your swords away don't throw them away because you might need them but PUT THEM AWAY.
These white demons stand up against Islamic terror by attacking women and regular everyday people
These devils need to be stopped
Lawn mower down
You blacks had ten different groups out there and the militia had but one.Try standing up to the Aryan nation only one group but tens of millions strong.You blacks would have ran back into the jungle if they showed up.I pray to God everyday that he will purge this black plague from our country and you know what he tells me is that we created this by not doing anything in the first place and it's our job as Patriot Americans to rid America of it's evil.The good news is he said that whites would have his blessings if they did because only he sees the wickedness in their hearts.Also he knows on how the black races children are the most evil and when your children childrens become more wicked God takes you out of the picture.Look blacks hold the murder capitals worldwide,you see them literally destroy cities,you see the genocide of whites in South Africa they want us dead.
C'mon man you know those blacks are felons,those should have checked those blacks record.80% are felons.Whats worse than being a black man,a black man with a gun.Personnaly I want war and show these blacks what they are up against.
White motherfuckers if anybody is a terrorist it's you all!!!!!  You all would have all  gotten killed if you made a move krackkkas!!!!!
More and more reason why black people gangs Street organizations everybody in our community needs to come together to fight the white racist hate fill enemy
That fat black woman needs to stay home if she won't get dressed....Really lady....a housecoat in public?????
Those white guys look so pathetic. Little sick ugly white men with guns and ebay gear and they are so fake.not one served.not one done shit and the guy in mask talking is retarded.wanna be military.radar? Stfu  child molester race!
Fuck you. All. You.  Kkk.   Kkk.    Mdfuck.
The "mosque" they were protesting at belongs to the Nation of Islam, a hate group according to the SPLC. These counter protestors were New Black Panthers or groups similar to that. So it was really a white hate group vs black hate groups. No one was the good guy here.
Hmmm, niggamuslims.
LOL "we're using our 2nd amendment rights to protect our 1st" what is this irony
Lmao I want all muslims to gather up and stand outside churches with RPGs and see how they feel. And people are defending this group? Pathetic.
I'm so glad that she don't care what color I is
Bloods and Crips ? LoL Get behind that
SUCH HYPOCRITES
You are Patriots thank you.
This country will forever be divided and it's everyone's fault .
I see those pig skins tucked tail and got the fuck outta Dodge!!
They got Blood and Crips and they brag about it? LMAO! What a bunch of fucking retards.
explain this , you say kill the cops yet you bitch when they don't respond to your calls immediately , how does that work ? talk about dumbass uneducated idiots
Are they tracking the KKK?
These fuckin redneck white supremacist sons of bitches
Omg just sit with each other and eat food 
You'll get along great
Muhammad IS A DISGUSTING MURDERING PEDOPHILE! ISLAM IS A DEVIL CULT!
This nigga needs to educate himself about Huey P Newton .That muthafucka was a straight up psychopath that would rape you. The Black Panthers openly called for the killing of cops and underestimated their response .The cops opened fire first and the Black Panthers were finished. They should at least have a spokesperson who doesn't look like "Erkel"
Thugs Lives Matter!
You got 3% in Indiana that would be would love to help you patriots out. Let us know if you need help w these thugs
i see White christian extremist terrorists full of hatred and bigotry bringing fear and terror to innocent people, muslims and african americans and other minorities. and if we believe in the Constitution then we should do something about this. there is a line between freedom of speech and HATE Speech.
Let them shoot it out !
Those protesters should have shot all those people that showed up and done us all a favor. We got crips and bloods here. Black panthers and blm  so thats who represents you? Criminals and racists?
And the KKK IS NOT A TERRORIST GROUP, BOI I TELL YA! ONLY IN AMERIKKKA!
Great job keep it up & do note Democrats are the leading domestic terrorists!!!
Get out of america nazis america beat you all already this is not nazi land this america who had war againts you nazis stop puting up confederate and nazis flag only american flag is allowed this is america idiots.
We going no where pigs.we gonna buy ur foreclosed churches and houses and bare legit childrens not bastards and take ur jobs and American dream while u shout like bitches
The irony is they look like terrorist lol
What's you pissed about, MEXICANS taking your CORNER
Ya the black panthers were formed for self defense sure bud that explains why they killed 11 cops in 3 weeks out of anger makes perfect sense stick to keeping your pants at your ankles
Is the Klu Klux Klan also a terrorist group are you going after them also
YOU  got some ignorant people in this world,  oppression is worse than the Grave and I mind is a terrible thing to waste good quotes to live by. That white dude need to practice what he preach, his forefathers invented the word Terror ah (KKK)
Most regulated militia are former cops and military.
Bring it on Bitch your people are in trouble killing each other the way you do ...get real
Oaktown MF
WOW " THEY R VERY ! CLOSE " HELLO ? VEGAS * STRONG ? ...
https://www.google.com/search?q=2018+isis+in+hawaii+and+philippines+%3F+...&client=ms-android-metropcs-us&prmd=nimv&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=0ahUKEwj7soSo8ZDbAhVJbKwKHfisAjsQ_AUICygC&biw=320&bih=490
But m mostly young whites are do the same
Looks like white cucks are upset about their sorry plight
Oh my my, this is Texas. What is going on? 
Used to be that if you had a gun and someone disrespected you-you shot him.
"Peace be still".  'Piece' will bring "PEACE'.
Except for Beaners. Vatos will stab you, up close and personal.
+ John Secret, no. Anyone who wants to learn, LEARNS!  
It's a matter of culture. If the road has obstacles, 
don't wait for someone else to clear it 
Remove the obstacles yourself and move on.
Fuckin white people 
Its good to see black people armed and ready to deal with any situation, more black people need to arm themselves!
Watch this here :  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jb-PgjKuHOg

Trump stares down man in 'KKK' shirt. Donald Trump stared down a protester wearing a t-shirt saying "KKK endorses Trump" before the protester was removed from the rally.
Bloods and Crips huh? How the hell did you  get two warring factions together like that or are you just saying that out in front of the camera's for shits and giggles? Bloods also know as (OBF) Original Blood Family are a gang that is at war with its rivalry with the Crips. Sounds like B.S to me. Besides this is just another day of people being stirred up in Texas. Get to the root of the problem. Does Dallas have a real problem with their Ismalic Mosque down in Dallas? 

I understand the racial problems in America and Legal Issues black Americans have to deal with. Set that a side is there a problem with that Isamic Mosque or just another day of people bumping heads to hide what is really been going on in America? Example West Virginia : " Trump was right about trouble coming from both sides." That state has had a problem with their own in house government for a long time. Senator Robert Byrd was a pain in the civil rights ass for a long time. Hell he was a Senator during the Dwight Eisenhower Administration, so stick that in your pipe and smoke it. While the Republicans were trying to get the Civil Rights Act passed this man was in the Senate trying to put a hard stop to it. Senator Robert Byrd (Democrat for the US Senate) was filibustered against the 1964 Civil Rights Act.  Now that is someone who is a former KKK and was a West Virginian Senator. Your problem lies in that state and not with putting it on President Trump back. Americans need all colors to get along. Let me show you what can happen when  White Americans and Black Americans can get along : 

Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson has gotten down to business.The results of a new, independent audit of the last years of President Barack Obamas term  2015 and 2016  show an incredible mismanagement of funds and a wealth of errors. Heres what Audit Report 2017-FO-0005, released Wednesday, notes:

The total amounts of errors corrected in HUDs notes and consolidated financial statements were $516.4 billion and $3.4 billion, respectively. There were several other unresolved audit matters, which restricted our ability to obtain sufficient, appropriate evidence to express an opinion.

That is a lot of waste, fraud, and abuse.

The audit continues, noting exactly why they made a check-up of the department:

Our objective was to express an opinion on the fairness of HUDs consolidated financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP) applicable to the Federal Government. This report presents our reissued independent auditors report on HUDs fiscal years 2016 and 2015 (restated) consolidated financial statements, including an update to our report on HUDs internal controls.

Now that is what happens when you get two races together that really matter. I hope everyone see this and talks nicely about Ben Carson finds and leaves their crotch grabbing insults off of here. Hate and violence only leads to less Americans. That is on both sides of the coin.
black lives matter, get a job and that black mom needs to stfu beacuse not everyone is a murder beacuse that they have a gun
"ima tax payin cicin"
We have to get rid of the KKK by all means necessary.
I don't care what color you is, but guns do not belong in the hands of the dindu nuffins ! Cause dey always be doing sumfin illegal wit guns ! Killing folks comes to mind. And killing one another which is the only positive to dem having guns ! Shonuff .
Hmm, so all the black racists and supremacists are out. Bloods and crips?? lol, screaming black power while crying that they are victims of racism
Whats with the masks??
You actually think that lady is a taxpayer,more like mouth breather
And you got shit for brains also.
That Black Lady is right, Guns do not belong in every bodies hands, we must be armed America, and there are plenty who are responsible citizens who want to live in peace and protect their families and their property. My gun will never hurt a living soul, but please do not attempt to hurt me or my loved ones. Black people protect your self and be armed, you have that right.
A Muslim said, Muslims will own America in twenty years, really,!!! Ah, me thinks those bastards will all be dead.
The only way to keep our countries save is to ensure our blood lines are kept strong that where. Breeding whites
What about killing black people... fuck you old white man Jim crow
So a group shows up to protest islamic terrorists and a bunch of racist gang bangers show up with their gun's.....lol
You ain't never been worried about your community
Just seeing these thugs are reason I won't ever give up mine ..especially the uneducated yacks 
Concerns about a community , my tomato
All I see is every black gang that Rob's,and kills their own talking crap like they care about people all they care about is them se!lves
Dumb goyim
lol. good for you. :)
That old man in the beginning is a dumb ass. They are asking for more laws to declare groups terrorists.. What precedent could that set? Then any group that defies the government which is the true problem could be declared terrorist. 

It's a double standard. Both groups in this case are ignorant and stupid.

Isis and these proxy groups are created by the CIA and FBI.
The white guy finds it disgusting when black people disrespect the police because he never was or will be abused or treated worse than another person by the police
So I'm not understanding these black people are Muslims. I hope not coz I hate seeing this black and white bullshit I wish the blacksand the whiteswould join together and force the Muslims out.
where is the Muslims ?
The Problem is that blacks have too much protecting and leftist whites have too much hatred for honest white people.
When will they understand that you need to find a much more PEACEFUL way to proteat
Community resistance in progress
We got bloods and crips!!! ?
baldy, you are the trouble here. looking for any reason to be in the zone. you get pulled over for nothing and get a beating for nothing then say how American and patriotic you are, asshole.
Seems them 'white'folks provoking....what u doin in the hood?!
Black people find anything racist
The white race has a negative birthrate that means one day there will be peace on earth.Majority of terrorists are white males.
everybody not taking these evil white races heat getting met with heat notice been served to you devils racist on here making these wicked comments cowards white supremacist devils
If antifa wants to open carry while protesting, it only takes one shot from them to start a war. Know your rights, practice your rights. Don't do anything stupid.
and yes Shane, black power is the same as white power. if you hear people saying either, then they are racist no matter what they try and say in defense of it.
to bad you can't come together to stop black on black violence. but you'll come together for a bunch of terrorist.
Bear is targeting muslims
If y'all can carry guns can we 12 year old kids can carry guns to
who the fuck y'all suppose to be.yall stole land from natives n Mexicans.
All this race B'S need to stop we are God children ...
Like I always say and will continue to say if Black people are as violent as the peckerwood there will be no more caucasians on the planet, facts.
Typical uncivilized, cave-terrorists! Invading other peoples neighborhoods/communities with guns, trying to control them, when they have absolutely no self-control. Its none of their damn business what other peoples religious beliefs are, and who their religious leaders are! Those yellow-belly troglodytes hightailed it out of there real quick, when they saw they werent going to be able hide behind their KKKop buddies.
God made all us to be brothers and sisters and we Killin each other this makes no sense God bless these cops bless there family's and bless everyone else
Hey black men, you are only about 3.5% of the population and almost half of you are in prison. Watch your ass.
You Americans are so divided as a nation, it wouldn't be hard to invade you dumdasses cause you won't bear arms together as a unit to fight and protect yourselves. "A house divide cannot stand". Or "divide and conquer". Yet you look like you're being conquer by your own misguided views.
Give a white man a pile of bricks and he'll give you a city. Give a black man a city and he'll give you a pile of bricks.
The white guy is coherent, articulate, level-headed. The black guy is shrieking, howling, making no sense.
These stupid People...
Divide et impera...Is there more to say?
Wtf? Not normal.
So militias aren't bad............unless they're black
Gotta hand it to Black Muslims, they got balls, the Immigrant Muslims just hide and let themselves get bullied by these thugs. I guess Black people have hundreds of years experience dealing with these cowards.
Blacks all over America more worried about their shoes, clothes, du-rags, jewelry, physical appearance and other materialistic things instead of getting jobs and raising their kids and staying out of jail and prison
To much talking
Your cousin in the U.K. is totally behind you
These are the real Terrorists. Racist whites in America
Kill each other,
DO IT.
Let the hate flow threw you.
One bunch of idiots against another - I will enjoy watching the mindless death and carnage. Natural selection at work.
White Supremacists need to just burn there KKK sheets & Nazi swastika uniforms and other Halloween costume looking Apparel,Go home & Cry & pout and get it all out.....& Just Accept that America will never be like the 1950's Again plane & Simple.....Invite All Muslims,black panthers,Bloods & Crips ,Latinos,Asians,Africans Etc. Just invite them All over for A "Nice Pizza Party" & Kiss & Make up! THERE YOU HAVE IT THE SOLUTION TO YOUR PROBLEM 
These antis play right into the hands of the Islamic ideology ! 

Take the time & educate yourself about whats happening in their countries.! 

Why are they killing each other & coming here? 

What do you think would happen in a New World Order & Foreign takeover.

Do you really believe Anti-Americanism, terrorism & racism will unite the country? 

Do you think foreign takeover, Muslims or communism will get you welfare? 

Will jail time be as lenient ? 

Will the new constitution of foreigners & laws protect you?

Wake up were all Americans time to unite against the foreign foe!
these idjits share a braincell
Pure Racist white background Nazi Trash
Bloods, Crips and BLM are groups that support gangs, violence, drugs, extortion and just all around criminal activity. White militias are working class legal gun owners who want nothing but peace and for their families to live good lives without the threats of ghetto scum.
Hell yea black lives mater
MLK  was so amazing,he raised the poverty
 and the crime rate skyrocketed
lol i bet the blacks were holding their guns sideways look at me im so tough yet they dont know how to use a gun proper im sorry they would get fucked
You'd all be dead with in a few minutes if a gun fight happened lol. Ghetto people with taped flash lights to their pump action shotguns, aren't gonna be winning a gun fight lol. "We got bloods here, we got crips here", uh ok so thanks for showing us you don't care what kind of criminals you allowed to stand with you. Those same bloods and crips kill more black people then anyone else in America.
Please tell me all these dumbasses get shot by the way that shotguns is not a flagpole fold it right you dumbass
Can only happen I  tne US....protest with guns?...
Why in the fuck do have to wear masks
NEW   KKK
Go and fuck yourself....
"We got da Bloods here, da Crips here, we got BLM here."  Wow you can't get any more righteous than that, can ya?  All the most powerful intellects in one place.  Civilization DOES have a chance!  If it came in with nape.
I need to download  an e-bonics translation app.
We are so close enough to vanished all of you stupid non_religion
all lives matter. i believe there's racial bias against blacks by police but not all police. there are racists in all colors and we need to divide and conquer these people. my brother is black. he don't pick a side and neither do i. i got his back and he has mine. kkk/blm are no better than isis
A #RaceWar is clearly coming!!!

This EVIL* started 400 years ago & it continues right into 2018 and is set to get so much worse!!!

No #LiarPolitician; #reLIEgiousLeader or no amount of reparatory justice can settle this issue...

If the #CivilWar of 186165 is anything to go by - then what has been - will be again and there's "NOTHING" new under the sun (Ecclesiastes 3:15)...

#AmeriKKKa was forged in the BLOOD* of the MARYTRS* and will go down in the same flames that it came up in!!!

GOOD ADVICE: Pack up, move up & get up to someplace on the earth where there is at least some peace & quiet instead of all this historical, ethnic & ideological tension...

#NoJustiveNoPeace
Lol they need guns to protect them selves against police, or should I say corrupt police. If I lived in a country like America with police murdering and beating people I would most certainly carry a gun around for my own safety so good on these people
Dumbest thing I've seen...Come to Europe and I'll show you problems caused by islamists. Do you even have Isis supporters or boats coming on daily basis, filled with people we can't identify? There is no muslim threat in your society.
Pretty damned sure the reason there WASN'T a major gun-battle?

All those SOB's were carrying, and everyONE of them knew that once the shooting started, lots of them/others were going to die.

They do need to work on the 'Armed Society is a POLITE Society' part.  But I did laugh at a lot of the vulgar, racial slugs that were thrown.

P.S.
Anyone who is representing a 'Right', but wears a g-damn face mask?  Instantly lowers their stance on the topic.  Think about that boys and girls.  What are you 'Hiding' behind?
If you want to stop racism stop saying black men or white men and stop saying black lives matter and start saying all lives matter

Just like women rights don't give women rights nor men rights give human rights.
Whole america is built off of terrorism (boston tea party)
Happy there is no fucking racial tention like this in germany sheesh
Americans fighting Americans fucking stupid . Like we don't have Muslims trying to kill us already.
Fat dude w/ the bucket hat has some milspec electrical tape holding his flash light on his 12 gauge! Hahaha 
I see all these racists fucks trying to defend them white guys like their heroes . No theyre not like you cant blame Muslims for terrorizing people when youre the one going to the black neighborhood trying to terrorize them with guns. Yall need to learn your fuckin history the Black Panther Party was no where near the KKK. KKK went around killing innocent black people but the BPP didnt kill innocent white people. Thats why they called them the Black Panthers for Self Defense. Use ur heads dipshits them white folks were the real terrorists in this video
America is a shithole
The only one who had any brains was the black lady with the blue shirt on
KKK and black lives matter are both a bunch of fucked-up racist groups we ought to be banished from the United States
Nothing but a bunch of fucking jobless racist motherfuckers it's okay to say black power but if you say white power and you're a racist fuck all those motherfuckers and anybody else that thinks like them cops out a fucking take them all to jail
This is what these politicians want. Us fighting amongst ourselves. What we need to do is get  together and march on Washington D.C. We the people.
Who's streets our streets. Well lady have you looked at your streets. If you like it that way fine but quit bringing it to the ours
Idiot, Your Senate and House didn't  listed Muslim brotherhood as a terrorist organization
Is that a flashlight DUCT TAPED to his shotgun
I don't care what colour you is
were do I sign up
I loved that black lady in the blue dress. She made a great point.
These people have no idea of the fire they're playing with and it will consume them.
Go and visit any prison in America and see if its just black people in there,if you don't know when you get there you will know, every race of people is in there,go and see for yourself.
black or white.. they are standing together if u cant f tell..  we are americans.. and i agree with the. protecting our right.. wish i could help
White folks aint shit
They didn't show the end of the video where the police escorted these dumb rednecks out of there before they would've gotten themselves badly hurt . Only idiots go looking for trouble .
Fuck you black cunts!! White Power all the way!!!
SMDH WEAK AZZ NIGGAZ STOP FUCKN CRYING LIKE A BITCH DAM GIVE THEM FREE WALFAR AN 5 GRAND IN FOOD STAMP THEY STILL BITCHING
Fuck u s a man
How is black power not racist
yeah that's gonna happen!!  Dumb ass black protesters against the police!!    So funny!!
Oooo I'm sooo scared
Just here for the white supremacist tears. What's the matter, snowflake? Did you really think heaving your fat, sweaty ass to "protest" was going to intimidate someone? Are you suddenly realizing that wheezing your out of shape, barely literate ass up and down in front of a mosque, with the Wal-Mart AR you barely know how to use, is nothing but comedic material?
Please, please, please black people, stop talking crap and show us you mean business. We are getting tired of waiting with our guns cocked.
we got bloods and crips here gang war
Right on my brother
I support the people
LOL....Yall don't want it
What about
 Asian pride
Asian power
FUK U NAZI BASTARDS HOPE U GET WIPED OUT
Im sorry i cant understand anything the black people are saying. Speak proper English without sounding like a thug maybe?
When the blm are all together like flies on opossum poop, why not rope them off and shoot em?
it's the minority the effects the MAJORITY not all Muslims are evil and that's coming from a young black man
HE HAS A FUCKING FLASHLIGHT TAPED TO HIS SHOTGUN IT'S NOT EVEN ATTACHED LMAO
Now their setting there screaming Black Power but calling the Quiet,Well-Behaved, Whites on the other side the KKK! If people can't see the complete double standard Fuckery then I'm  sorry They Don't Matter!!!! They know their the Hate Filled Supremacist but see Society and the Media covers for them so they've really believe that Bullshit they spit!!! Thats why they can't stand to see a Strong White Man Stand his Ground!! Their scared too Death!!!
american stupidity...
Black KKK, same message, just blacks sound more ignorant speaking it.
I don't get it. Why would this be News worthy? There's been armed protestors since America was stolen. Hell..., armed protestors helped steal it. Armed "illegal immigrant" protestors. Now because the  armed protestors aren't white, suddenly it's news worthy? lol.  Wow.  Some people truly have no fucking lives at all, other than living in constant misery, whining and complaining all day like sexless old women, crying about who & what they don't like.  Pure fucking faggotry!
Your taped up shotgun is nice. It wont stop a 30-06 round from going through your heart at 600 yards.
I believe that all places of religion that support violence should be abolished such as hate churches. An groups like the KKK, well there members should be arrested
"I don't care what color you is.  Guns do not belong in everybody's hands."   Some one give that woman a copy of the second amendment please.
Jews created all you groups
Damn this was close to home!
You have Bloods & Crips there?? So you better put the kids up, cause when the shooting starts we know from history they will be the only victims.
Bring them fucks to S Fl. We could end all their oppression.
I noticed the badass crips, bloods, blm, black panthers and muslims did not attack the few armed american patriots. I bet if they were not armed the blacks would have attacked them.
the black lady with the huge tits is the brightest one! guns don't belong in everyone's hands!
the black lady with the huge tits is the brightest one! guns don't belong in everyone's hands!
blm here oh cool now I now your just a bunch of dumb fucks
Look at them scary muhfuckas hiding behind a damn fence
Cracker please
The white people make sense the blacks ehhhhh
The real black panther https://youtu.be/U1PFnbPeyOM
We need to send all these brave white armed people to Afghanistan   and then we will get to see really act of bravery
Yo mdf when u make shit off u feel better
See the difference between us & them?
Proud to call you real men my family!!!
I just don't understand why the African American community can come together to start riots over such rare and grey occurrences, but can't come together in peaceful rallies to work with the police to lower their crime rates. Teach people at a young age to not resist arrest and just comply with officers if you commit a crime.
How to fuck up a cops day
In response to the what seemed anti cop protester at the very end saying guns don't belong in everyone's hands then take action and get it off the bloods and crypts that were there no the citizens looking to back up the cops because gangs and crazy morons were there with what looked like at least one m16 and 12 Gage shot guns
people who think that it's normal for having guns for private are all lower then pigshit :(
Black Panthers quote of the day " we have to kill all white people including the little babies you heard me we are going to go kill us some baby Ashleys do any of y'all have a problem with that your going to have to go kill little baby Ashleys to get your freedom.   " an no a ner one of the members said they had a problem all clapping and applauds.
No bloods or crips bro.
A I didn't know this was happening or me and Baunton would have came to the white boys aid. Blacks don't want this shit. Just a question when whites are gone and let's say blacks get this and not the Mexicans why would you want it. You think it will just go back to being free and powerful no once it is broke it is broke. Be careful what you stand for.
Guns might not belong in everybody's hands, but as a law abiding citizen protected by the American Constitution. They most certainly belong in my hands. Ridiculous woman is in a group surrounded by guns, so which hands is she referring to?
The white man is the only problem with America
BAIR wasn't so tough after all. LOL
Black Panthers was a racist prison gang formed by convicts. They still are.
I bet these guys run back and start shooting. Bruh blm look like rookies to guns. They weak af
I bet this guy has birdshot in there. Ha wwweeeak.
Those armed protesters made the biggest mistakes of their lives.
Open carry and Concealed Carry laws in and of themselves are both an infringement on the right to bear arms.  The right to protect ones self and those her or she care about does not stop or start at the front door.  Ones Rights are mobile.  They go wherever you or I go as an American on American soil.
REPLY
So much ignorance here...lol...nation of islam are american terrorist??? Lmaooooo
You guys in the US are facked lol
This is what i like to see gang members stop coming at each other and go for the kkk instead of each other gang member should stick together.
What exactly is the protesters  problem other than being stupid? Looks like a communist uprising.
"the same result" ? Exactly what is that ?
Obama donated to the Muslim Brotherhood.
fuck these dudes fucking pricks
Do the white guys really know if the Islamic is bad because not many Muslim or Islamic are terrorist. Most are just regular citizen following their religion. The black people sure they might sound weird but everyone is different. The white I don't know much about them but why do they sound like hill billy or red necks that looks like from the south. I mean if you think about it the Americans have done pretty bad things in the past such as taking away land from the native Americans and slavery forcing African to hard labor. And to you all who thinks white people are good their not. Nobody is good. Nobody is perfect. Some just choose a bad path while others try to be nice but at some point will be mean. The point is no one is perfect. (Except for jesus).
@4:15. She's right.
Bloods and Crips with guns: that's enough incentive for me to start with the flashbangs and gas followed by Swat Trucks
So basically what the black guy is saying that he has all the thugs there, great time to do massive arrests
Masks and guns do not go together, unless you are a merc or covert ops person. Showing up in the street with masks and guns would likely get you shot where I live. That's the only thing I disagree with, otherwise - get out there and make some pig food out of these bastards.
All gang members and need to be shot
#greenlivesmatter
Notice a couple of things.  First both sides were armed. Nobody got beat up and no one got physical with anyone else. No shots were fired and no one tried to charge the other side. While trash talking was the order of the day, that is all it was, no one even  pointed a gun at the other side. Evidently being armed and having your opponent armed breeds a strong  current of being very careful and respectful.  What wonderful evidence for concealed or open carry in a state.
White Democrats.....are just like BLM" low life scum
Lol....not this Republican! You see the idiot with the shotgun with his flashlight taped that just shows more of your ignorance!!low life!
Blacks suck at hitting targets !!!
I'm sorry but let's be real. You have "blacklifematters" vs the red necks! Nobody wins! Everybody was raise in different situations. Keep going and one day all hell will break loose....think of your children for once
I bet the taped tactical shotgun is loaded with legos.
Finally a person who gets it guns dont belong in everyones hands felons
Stupid racist bitches.
There all crazy the lot of them, parading around the streets with guns, which will only turn out bad.
Both sides got issues this is why i support gun control simply because of stupid people like them that end up killing people and believe its right on simply their beliefs. Shit charles manson had beliefs also just like the bald guy who is racist by the way. Just stay out each others neighborhood and business and everything will be ok.
Wait did he say ...he has the crips and bloods down there in the community?? Thats why they killing themselves ...wtf .
crips and bloods killing and selling drugs to they own people man and they police is the problem where is the protest for all this kids who got killed because of gang violence going on where there justice
Why camo lol there not about war both sides lol but soldiers wear camo for war and both sides are wearing camo . Your not John Cena we can see you .get them jorts out there
So since these white peoples don't like terrorist why aren't the standing off against the KKK
that airsoft gun
shot guns are worthless man.you will be the first to die if you fight with a shot gun.
I am a good Muslim
The Black Panthers. Black Lives Matters and the kkkare racist hate groups! They should all be labeled terrorists!
The lady in the blue shirt was the only one making any type of sense!
Why people so angry and stupid?
One side comes to tackle an ideology. The other to spew hate and vitriol towards a skin color.
The VA hospital doesn't need to be in south Dallas that's a major safety hazard.
I cant get over the Silyness of theses people I have Tons of (AFRO AMERICAN ) Black friends and They have A ton of White (Cracker)friends! we get together and Drag some Whores with us and Drink Smoke and Talk about The Shit that is Going down in America! (We're All Canadian)!by the way, You people need to Chill the fuck out! before the Big Bad Wolf Shows up and Straightens out the lot of you!!        Peace Bro's PS. Don;t get you ass involved with those crazy White Antifa Crackers Cause There all going to Die!!     Again  Peace Bro's
Bobby Seals was the main founder of the original Black Panthers ..... I was there....
Civil War between these two groups would improve humanity's gene pool.  Every bullet that hit a vital organ would do us all a shitload of good.
What color you is, damn ignorant
Idiots supporting the mosque
Wait a minute, the police came to protect the white people, who drove to an area where blacks we be protesting. These is why whites have the courage to do the shit they do.They know The System will protect them!
all these scared, dumb crybaby white folks in these comments  you're not gonna beat us we're fucking your daughters and sons, and there is nothing you can do about it
Let's see.... Crips, Bloods, Black Lives Matter, and Black Panthers, sounds like a church group to me, all out on a picnic. They just brought therir gunz.
Back the Blue all lives matter Jesus is coming
hmmm, so this is what goes on in Dallas TX... New York isn't like this
black woman with blue on is ignorant  so but right they don't belong in the cops hands those guys aren't doing nothing why do y'all allow cameras to come in them you gotbrhis  big lady at the end talking foolishness
is that a joint
a lot of these guys claim to be part of gun clubs and wanting gun control have no idea how to handle guns
Look to me as if these guys came to the black neighborhood to stir up trouble with their guns. It doesn't matter if some of the members are Bloods or Crips, do they not have a right to their 2nd amendment? These guys came to try and terrorize this Black neighborhood with their presence. Breibart is hate news. Breibart is Klan news.
I hate whoever hates me and I love it.
Your in a gun club but the guy behind you has electrical tape on his gun...for I think is a flashlight.
2:24 Was that a Ford Mustang at back?? Sound sooo sexy
anyone supporting muslim trash need to be gotten rid of right along with that cult every book and building need to be burned to the ground
them fuckin thugs are just that they're trash 
fuck them all they're not shit and the only reason they're walking around is because of gov protection but that will not always be the case
Since when has the Nation of Islam blew up a building..never
GREAT JOB AMERICANS! FUCK ISLAM! POLAND STANDS TOGETHER WITH YOU! BURN THAT MOSQUE IMMIDIATELY!
Black Lies Don't Matter your nothing but thuggie ass bitches. no life no job and on welfare. I bet they all have a rapsheet as long as my arms.
that last part XD 
dog: bark bark
man: what? do you smell a cracker?
Blacks have chosen ghetto culture as their defining and definitive identity and since ghetto culture is based in the thug mentality, brutality, rape, murder, violence, criminal aggressiveness, and low low intelligence. IQ tests have been studying the races for nearly 100 years and the same gaps in intelligence have existed for decades with no major shifts. In America, for example, the average IQ for Whites is 103, for Blacks its only 85
Caucasoid terrorist
*WHITE * PANTHERS
**WHITE **POWER
Racist people create a negative energy that the Demonic spirits love ! Evil vs Evil = Death!
Damn everybody ready for war
have to try out that electrical tape job for a light instead of an actual mount or a decent tactical shotgun, what a nincompoop! 
American terrorist organization? you mean like the KKK? I wonder why they don't go to their KKK rallies with there guns and stupid masks 
Blood + crips + guns = hell
Anyone else notice that guy with the tapped up shotgun/flashlight   Poor mossberg...had to be downgraded like that
Racist ass cowards bet not come to Detroit with that bull shit
fuck Islam and the way it indoctrinates so many idiots into violence
Can someone please explain to me what that women at 4:05 means? I'm not trying to be ignorant. I'm just curious.
its safe to say America is falling apart
Learn to talk black boy so we can understand your jive.
So it's okay to scream black power but when I scream white power everyone gets all offended lol just kidding but really wtf bro it's just as unsettling either way
black  guy with shotgun with tape light lol
Some animals should not be dog owners. Frames 4:16 thru 4:18.. That's a f'n shame for that poor dog..
well for one that guy saying the bloods and crips r there is stupid af because its illegal for street gang members to carry firearms and i dont see why they r sticking up for muslims who r supported by hamas aka the muslim brother hood
they call muslims terrorists i guess they havent taken a look in the mirror. the kkk is the only organization that is not listed as  domestic terrorists despite all the shit they have done and continue to do while getting away with 98% of it. fuck outta here!
FUCK YOU WHITE BOY KEEP FUCKING WITH US....YOU ARE THE TERRORIST KARMAS A BITCH....FUCK YOU WHITE BITCHES
WHITE TURN TAIL AND RAN LIKE BITCHES
Feel bad for the cops who had to step between this
His light is taped on
We gots all the thugz and criminals down herrr. Bloods, crips, and blm. Is that supposed to be a good thing?
Listen up to all of you "Racist A$$ Cracker's" who are always talking about "Black & Brown" people need to get out of your country & go back too "Africa & Mexico" 2 that I say too you "Suck A Big Black or Brown D**k You Stupid MuthafucKKKas!!!" Because it was our people that discovered this Nation long before that fagget  columbus was ever even born. So if anybody going too be leaving this country trust & believe that it will not be "My People" #Black.Is.Powerful...
the blacks are teaming up with Muslims,They are preparing for war , tell the police to move out of the way for just 10 minutes ,
2:38 LMAO I FEEL BAD FOR HER XD she looks so confused but i can understand.
kkk
boy we saw u with that blunt in your hand
you got organized hate groups there that's what BLM is a hate group. and what is black power have to do with Sharia law in the first place why do you always turn this into a black-white thing, there are many black protesters today at the San Bernardino March against Islam.
we all bleed the same color my friends, Islam is a religion of hate and intolerance. unless you're into the oppression of women, denouncing Jesus Christ, and all the rest of the values you hold dear including your freedom of speech. think about that for a minute.
i stand with you brothers
White people: "Fuck freedom of religion! We're coming with guns! Yeehaw!"
Black Panthers: "So are we."
White people: "Shit....."
destroy  all  the  muslim's!!their  taking  over  the  country  slowly  surely.destroy them...the  united  state's  government,are  protecting  these  "animal's".their  coward's!  they  blow  up  people,&  run  for  cover.&  the  government...are  protecting  them.that's  really  pityful.
I wish they come to LOUISIANA it will b WAR fucc all who hate H.P.G.C. GET AT ME 2254563388 WAR REARY FUCK ALL U Nazi the law was not made for us it was made by white people fro white people so if u wanna n free all the government people must die I mite die but I know about 100 of you coming with me so let's go to war call me
You got the ability to have your black asses killed...keep pushing it...
whos that grimus from mcdonalds with that shot gun?
Well, much adoo about nothing....
i like how everyone is so quick to bring up slavery. NEWS FLASH blacks weren't the only slaves, want an example, look up the Irish coming to America.
but what about white based terrorist groups?? KKK, Hells Angels, Neo Nazis, the White Brotherhood, White Knights??
just because someone is proud to be white doesnt make them a white supremacist you assholes
Isn't it funny, how in videos like this, the only people yelling racial insults are the black people?  And somehow, society insists that the other group is the one that is full of racists?
Even when forming racist militia extremist groups, black people copy what white people used to do 100 years ago..... lololololol They just can't catch up...... Black people live in a perpetual past tense it seems.....
The irony of this is that these Blacks have become so fucking brainwashed by the leftist "anti-slavery" agenda that they have become SLAVES to their own false propaganda!
she said guns don't belong and everybody's hands but those titties belong in somebody's bra lmao  
KKK is cool tho
I'm sure ed chiarini has ear shots of all the greenbergs at this rally...
Everyone is reiterating about racism and politics, etc.
I just like how the reflection of the dude's glasses in the thumbnail looks like he has googly eyes.
stupid fucking white man
Ain't got no jobs... KEK
Castrate these muslims before they enter the United States. we need a law that does not allow them to procreate in the US NEUTERED MUSLIMs Make good bitches.
At clip 1:52 to 1:59 i see a KFC; im suprised they did not loot the establishment. Whenever you see the groids conrgegate en masse, something clicks in their primitive brain to start looting. KFC stores a 'gibs me' examples. Sheeeeeeeeiiiit
mostlikely Trump supporters
the dimwits are still trying to figure out whichever direction the bullet goes
those assholes will change there tune when North Korea attacks the U.S.A....wake up fucktards were all Americans...don't be a bunch of assholes...all lives matter...dumbass fuckers...
I don't care what color you is she said. Wow
I love how the music was added when the black counter protestors were edited into the video. The audacity of these white terrorist going to a majority poor black community  with weapons and calling them the terrorist. Skull mask and guns looking like bandits. Evil pour and simple.
good
This is proof that the black community needs to addressed in the only manner they understand: with violence. Good black sewer turd, is a dead sewer turd. Kill the dog, kill the rabies.
The nation of islam is the worst. We need to get those black degenerates in prison, back to their countries or better yet, the morgue.
That dude had a flashlight taped to his gun. Most ghetto shit I've ever seen. These people shouldn't be allowed to own guns. They're senseless, violent, and ignorant.
Being a gang member and owning a firearm is a huge felony. They admitted who they were. We need to quit being scared of being call prejudice and check these motherfuckers. I'm tired of uneducated hood rats  getting away with shit. These people give black people a bad name
thugs against thugs here. color (and this pathetic editing) doesn't make any of them any less disgusting.
I am Muslim
They decided to take that mess to South Dallas and got owned. LMAO!
so they have the bloods cripts blm , wow such a peacefull group of criminals
@0:50 when you need to smoke a blunt before the protest.
fascists
you bunch of shit sick thinking ass holes.Panthers scare you idiots.take your thinking back to Europe lames
I'd be willing to bet that the small group of well trained, well armed men would be able to defend themselves against that large group of disorganized group of gang members.
The people who read Breitbart are just as stupid as liberals.
POWER TO THE TRUMP RESISTANCE!
Yea black racist=KKK
How did you not see that giving them guns was a bad idea? Not a scerick of responsibility in his 250lb african body.
Breitbart- Biggest fake news.
What is the meaning of race to you? plz be honest. There is no right or wrong answer, is what I believe.
they dont want to play with guns because we got plenty and we dont give a fuck
The last lady "Why would you bring guns and they already got guns in this neighborhood?"  Ummmmm...  Why even bother answering.  Statements like that give me a migraine.  Maybe they are geniuses in psychological warfare.  "Let me talk dumb shit until the white mans brain explodes."
Don't commit crimes and we won't have the need for so many cops
Is that electrical tape wrapped around a flashlight on the end of his shotgun? I'm sure he knows what he's doing.
it's funny because most of the black people with guns can't even hit you of they tried.
holy FUCK, EVERYONE IS IDIOTS IN AMERICA....YOU WILL BURN YOURSELF DOWN.. GOOD LUCK
"I don't care what color you is" - that deserved a quote.  But, okay - so, white folks come to  place of worship of black folks, with guns ...  Why would that be okay.
Only in America
im sorry to say but like the typical black man hold the gun in a threatening manner just waiting to get taken off the insect list-_- you wanna show your 2nd amendment right holster or sling your gun you dum fuk! you dont carry it in your hand and you most definitely dont safety check it to see it its loaded or not in public!!!!! you should have your right to bear that firearm for being unsafe stupid and improperly handling it!!!!!
The dog at the end is busted. lol. Trained to lunge at white people. Dam.
Breitbart, fear mongers and liers
I love that dog! :D
The amount of ignorance on this channel is beyond imaginable...
So this is basically an American terrorist-con? Just asking
big difference in my opinion!!
black lady yells " I'm a tax payer too" Highly unlikely. More like I'm a taker of benefits from your taxes.
If these white men fear black men so much why dont they go in the hood where those gangmembers exists and have a good old fashion OK CAROLE?
all life matter and it is In human nature to hate the hand that has power even if they keep u safe
i was wondeing why everyone in the comments sounded like an idiot, then i realized this was a breitbart video.
I hope this results in ALL Americans fighting back against those haters. he's right: second amendment protects the first.
fuck im glad I live in Australia. your country is so fucked up
I'm still wondering how America became the greatest country on Earth..... 60% of the population are just stupid, idiot,
Blue Lives Matter
they dont have everybody there i dont see the white lives matter or the all lives matter
so typical-the real intimidation, entitlement, threat of violence from the white assholes-
Jeez, this almost started to look like the set for a new Blazing Saddles.
good work guys keep it up
1,000,000,000,000% true
Why the mask?
As soon as you are born in Texas they give you an AR-15. These people will be on the frontline when ISIS try to invade the US . The way the Fucking libtards are going that will be soon.
That lady at 3:12 should rethink what she said because 4 out of 10 times when a officer responds to a call for help they get shot,and since the Black Lies Matter movement has been going assassinated too.
ion care whut culla you iughs guns do not belong in erybody haiunds
Blacks are the racists here.
How many idiots does it take to screw in a light bulb???? Its a trick question....idiots like too live in the "dark".... The snot-nosed, bed-wetting, panty-waist, spineless jelly fish, also known as BLM & The New Black Pussie Party are much better at being stupid than telling us "WHAT THE FUCK DO THEY WANT"?
What state has oc that lets you hold your weapon like this? I thought rifles had to be on a sling over your shoulder, muzzle pointed downward?
Look how well Whitey is organized . Look how unorganized Darky is. What do you think is going to happen here? Darky probably can't even shoot straight. I'm pretty sure Whitey practices all the time. Mmmmmmm!
These fuckers are an embarrassment to Huey Newton and the original Black Panther Party. They have no idea of the unholy alliance they form with the Nation of Islam.
I have encounter many people claiming to be a victim, They need a job to keep their mind ocupied, Some times we need to educate our children, but the poor neigborhood are terrible teachers , they teach people to Tatoo their bodies and get weird haircuts and dress freaky and watch nasty T.V programs, So what can we espect from this society,, We are the last generation and things are gonna get worst , JESUS will show in the clouds before 2035, Im not setting a date, but the circunstances is warning us that JESUS IS VERY NEAR ,OH WHAT A JOY.
fuck you ducks  you think  we bad but you guys  are bed
heroes
Nigga nigga nigga nigga nigga nigga nigga.

I'm 100% nigga.
Yep kill them slowly
...now that's how to protest !
It looks to me like these Huey P. Newton gun club members were lied to about why BAIR was showing up.  BAIR said they were going to protest Islam.  The Huey P. Newton people seem to think BAIR is the Ku Klux Klan.  Another thing that's weird is:  I thought they were going to protest in front of a mosque.  where is the mosque?  The camera only shows a hair styling salon.
and somehow America think they are any better than a poverty stricken African country. Lol
That Dumbass that's yelling we never get this kind of protection, that's why we never call y'all. No!  Let me break it down for you brah. The reason you don't get that kind of Protection is because you keep trying to kill the people who try to protect you. Second, you know your dumbass has to many warrants to call The Police because if you do you will go to Jail. Now maybe if you didn't act like a Retarded Gangbanger drunk on Stupid Juice and pull your Head out of Your Ass . Then The Police just might be inclined to help you out. You Morons!
" I dont care what color you IS...."  LOL
Dont go to Portland , OR.  YOu can get mugged by dozens of anarchist fuckers, and the fucking cops arrest the ones who have the sense to defend themselves against the mother fucker thugs.
who are the muslims, confused????
how can i Join the group to fight against these muslin radical scum and this black lives matter garbage
Probably not the best combination crips, bloods, and a gun club. WTF is this bloods member saying about protection? BITCH you be killing crips and starting gang wars and you are worried about having no protection from the police.
seriously guys, ditch the fucking masks.
all blacks do is wear gold buy cheap guns and waste their lives being stupid. people make there community look so bad
Just under 500k views and only under 60k subs says a lot lol
Fascist Sexual Deviant Steve Bannon STAGES RIGHT WING PROVOCATUERS where the strongest opposition to Fascism is likely to Occur. Then he attempts to use Brietbart as the Propaganda disseminator to capitalize on his Manufactured Shock Event.He will bait you with whatever you are afraid of: Black People, Jews, Muslims, Commies, AnythingExcept Sexual Deviants. because his power base is lousy with them. These fake "Militias", White Supremecists, "Super Patriots" HAVE MORE PEDOPHILE ARRESTS, VIOLENT DRUG ARRESTS, THAN ANY GROUP IN AMERICA. IT IS NO ACCIDENT THAT PEDOPHILE PROMOTOR MILO YIANOPOLOUS WAS A BRIETBART/BANNON EDITOR/WRITER. IT IS NO ACCIDENT THAT TRUMP IS UNDER INDICTMENT FOR PEDOPHILIA, VIOLENT RAPE OF 12 AND 13 YEAR OLD GIRLS. OR THAT ANDREW BRIETBART DROPPED DEAD DRUNK ON THE SIDEWALK OUTSIDE A GAY BAR IN L.A. WISE UP.. THESE ARE SEXUAL DEVIANT NAZIS.. WITH ASSAULT WEAPONS !
hmmm which 'group' speaks in a calm and educated manor? which sound, truly hilarious? what type of people do you want to share the planet with?
Go black people! Finally standing up to these white supremacist cowards.
Maybe we need to send all the colored people to one state and leave the rest of the country to everyone else.  Ain't nothing coloreds do for this country that whites, asians or anything else can't do better.
he forgot to mention that Huey P. Newton murdered Kathleen Smith a 18 year old black girl for calling him "baby" or trying to have her friend Crystal Gray murdered becouse she was a witness but i suppose Black Lives Dont Matter when your shooting each other
LOLblack panthers. Bunch of gang bangers dope pushers and ex cons.
that guy at the end with a puppy, lol
you can tell that the black people in this town are poorly educated and very racist. they are calling people KKK because they are white. racist  idiots. did you notice they named all gang factions present with blm. and then that stupid bitch at the end is saying that the white people who aren't in the crypts and bloods, that their guns don't belong in their hands. fucking idiots. her neighborhood is made up of inner city gangs that peddle dope and murder each other. idiots!!
Follow your leader , kill yourself ? wtf dat got to do wit anything tf outta here
Must police  have to take this all bitch gave them life sentences to all this crazy guy if not stop then more more problems coming in countries  stop this bitch nigo
The US is full of stupid people!!  The owners of that land are NATIVE AMERICANS!!!  No white trash rednecks or blacks
fuck you idiots
The people that should not have them guns lady, are the black gang members you are with and the BLM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Wow ..... How many black dudes showed up , was somebody handing out government cheese ? Seriously just asking I haven't seen that many organized black people unless you count a welfare office or a prison . Shame the white dudes can't organize that way , I counted only about 1/2 dozen or so ...... Shame they couldn't get more boys to show up to make it a little more even , but some one has to go to work and pay taxes ....... Still disappointed white boys !
okay guys, this isnt call of duty, you will get no respawns if you decide to get shot.
a civil war would be over in a week. The black community has no discipline, they depend on the govt for everything. Shot guns and pistols wont do much to former soldiers with 5.56 and 7.62 rifles. get real
is that electrical tape holding his flashlight on his shot gun?
pussys call us terrorist
So ... it's stay out of "our" neighborhood, but they have rights to come into yours?  Sounds like liberalspeak to me ...
Hey all the black racist groups in one place why not arrest them ;p
what about their first amendment haha
Great reporting honorable truth warriors! Thank you blessed brave warrior! we love you.
Islam is a CULT!  Americans all need to stick together. This is being a black or white thing
Then u have this Big Black woman, that can't even speak proper English. Must be an illegal too. Lol... DEPORT
Fight all them Terrorist believing in Islamic Cult, believing in the killing book Quran.
STAND UP AMERICANS!
these dudes is some fuckin dumbass fuck u n ur family
black people are fucking stupid if they think they can wage a war against white america. we have all the guns, and training to use them. they are whiny bitches throwing a temper tantrum. and i speak generally.
These dumb savages don't understand Huey P. Newton.  He tried to solidify the blacks to be Americans.  These dumb savages today think he was "whatever blacks want they should get".  Newton would turn in his grave if he could hear these dummies.
the Huey P. Newton Gun Club is racist. They wouldn't let me join.
Both sides should be arrested and arraigned on terrorism charges.
fucking idiots  go outside of town and have ur civil war
Asians are starting to wake up against Whites! We tired of being mistreated by these racist terrorists of America! Talk about the most racist race on earth!
White supremacy is just as much of a backward and dangerous ideology as these radicalized wannabe Marines claim Islam is. It's claimed the lives of hundreds of millions of people all around the world throughout centuries and still to this day emboldens extremist whites to show up in another man's community guns blazing with the intent of sending people who're minding their own business a "we don't like yur kahnd, boi" message. White people have a big problem within their community of right-wing organizations radicalizing their people into committing violent or at least threatening acts again people who aren't of the same race or religion as them just like ISIS.
the black panthers were violent and would kill anyone against them Idk how they think it's right to say they are like that when they are for peace showing aggression and causing violent acts isn't peaceful
All lives matter or no lives matter.
Bring that shit to Kentucky!  Down here we will bury your ass, then go after your family.
the clan more dangerous then them all do your research
what the fuck about the clan
who has the guns now and killing people
They weren't fucking around they brought 'the General" from prison break...
dang, you missed a great opportunity  blood, crips.  crap you should have arrested all of them....would have gotten a lot of criminals
The people kissing isis's ass and protecting thesesick terrorist are to dumb to know they would be put under the knife first... no matter how much ass they kiss if isis or any other American hating faction is giving a chance to act out they would shoot these dumb dumb first...they use people with the I.Q. of a of a rock like the Huey P newtondumb asses  to do theshit work why they sit back and just make fun of the huey p newton legacy and these dumb people know this and just go along with the joke...... America first kick all these race hating cry baby's out of the country.......
Everyone should have GUNS to protects themself and their family.
Yeah.... the difference in the way the two parties conveyed their ideas were "interesting". Honestly they acted out their sub culture stereo types.
yeah,,those black guys are sooo tough n intimidate,n........till the white police show wats wat.....then its all tears n tantrums n why youse oppressing us!...fukn typical..sceams bully to me.....
yeah,,those black guys are sooo tough n intimidate,n........till the white police show wats wat.....then its all tears n tantrums n why youse oppressing us!...fukn typical..sceams bully to me....
Fukk a black bitch panther. Y'all better off sitting your ass on your front porch. Don't come to the streets with your bullshit. You will be dealt with and met with force. Ohhhh we white privilege remember we got mass amounts of cash..... What y'all going to do when y'all run out of bullets? How the fukk y'all going to war with no money? LMAO y'all loose.
that is one torn community in its entirety right there that itself is pretty damn sad
Fuck these free loaders!
Damn, the country is so fucked up!
BAHAHHAHA he said the black gun club cares about the community but they are using splash weapon shotguns.....the ex military white side had rifles.....something tells me the black people are unaware of the most effective concepts of combat .....amazing, also body armor ex military vs mad black lady with a tshirt and glasses...one of these groups is gonna be a big loser....SPOILER wont be the ex military .....pewpew life -Colion Noir i.e. i hope our next president.
Hey you pathetic chimps of the Hewey P. Newton gun club....... Just fire the one shot heard around the nation. You WILL wake the sleeping WHITE GIANT !! And you deranged rabid monkeys will  finally be exterminated. WE THE PEOPLE have the right man in office now. Remember he warned ya' all. He'se the law and order president. The whole world realizes you are the problem. And WE THE PEOPLE have the solution. Word.
"Guns do not belong in everybody's hands". That's the 2nd lady. Right to bear arms.
did you see the fat bitch at the end of the video.all I heard was I've Ben in this country all of my life and can't speak English.i weigh 300 lbs because I have 4 social security numbers and receive food stamps on four separate accounts. BLM stands for Backdoor Lover members. if you don't believe me just AX this bitch. there are cool as black people in this country so I know a lot of them but these people are straight n****. the problem with these dumbasses is that they haven't figured out the great black dope is gone yet. You will know you're getting ready to go to jail each and every one of you so you can get some more of that back door love. yes folks will do anything to break the law because they can't wait to get back to prison and take it in the ass some more this is wooden Tiggers do nothing all ever change have a good damn day
"Look at these police, we can't ever get this kind of protection even if we call them" says the member of a gang that shoots police officers
"Look at these police, we can't ever get this kind of protection even if we call them" says the member of a gang that shoots police officers
Muslim are NOT TERRSO FUCK U PEOPLE WHO THINK THEY ARE CAUSE I AM AND I LOVE AMEIRCA AND I AM NOT TERRSO. 
I don't care what color u is, how u knew
Blacks : running around with gangster clothing and shotguns thinking they all that. Whites : running around with real stuff and running around thinking they in cod
I think everyone is going to get what they want. Zombies and War.

Serious WTF.... is wrong with this country.
Huey P Newton gun club has some awesome gear. That guy mounted a flashlight to his shotgun with electrical tape.... I guess whatever blows your hair back.
God is gonna put His foot on all kkk gun holders neck
Watch out all racist it's Coming
Trumptards for EUGENICS and DEPOPULATION. Seems like the early stages of Nazi America,  I smell bacon.
Blacks will hoot and hollar, but when the first one fires a weapon, they will all leave Texas feet first.
White guys with guns show up
Black people: OH MY LAWD ITS THE KKK
what color you is? figures
I beez a tax payin sitazin! bitch the only tax your welfare collecting ass ever paid was sales tax!
i guess the kkk isn't a domestic terrorist group
My money is on the white dudes if a fire fight breaks out. They actually target practice on a regular basis. Gang members just spray bullets and hope the bullets hit someone other than a bystander. Not that they necessarily care if bystanders get shot. And that's real funny saying they got Crips and Bloods there because they'll be the 1st ones leaving your black ass bleeding out on the ground when the bullets start flying.
Pardon my ignorance but what language are these people speaking?
Carmunity folks.
looked like everyone was out to play airsoft lmao
to be a tax payer you need a job first! lmao
They will never win with that lil ass gauge hahahaha broke as hell
so was the huey p newton group anti BAIR? but NOT anti BLM?? im confused......
the bitch at 1:43 I would knock his teeth out then t-bag him while he's on the ground
Im getting so fucking angry as a german when they use hitler and the hakenkreuz I think they are not realising what hitler did to germany, to the world .... Dumb fucking N****
this video was made when obama the muslim was in power...but now we have mr trump ....good time are coming back.....yup
those red necks would fuck yall up
I love the electrical tape on he's  shotgun
Im not scared,Most gang banging assholes can't hit anything with a full magazine. I dont spray and pray.
this video is all over the place from blm and anti government to a militia taking pictures and looking cool
i don't think i saw a single muslim in this video
so wait were the militia men with the blm group or on their own?
BLACKS CAN BE FOR THERE RACE !! BUT WHITES CANT ...B S
Looks like they want feed back ....
Fuck BLM and Islam
lmao we got the Bloods the Black Panthers     for real lol for real let them act hard the end picture is going to look totally different from what they have imagined lol lol lol thay are races 100%
False
fuck oak cliff and the blm
Black lives matter. I was with you til' you mentioned George Soros!
Big black guy has a pump shot gun... uhh buddy do you know what the other guys have?and your a "gun club" lol
its just a bunch of racist blacks
Wait aren't the bloods or the crips the gang?
thought this was that guy "but i'm not a rapper"
I heard from a  brother that he is ashamed of what these people are doing, because that black lives matter don't represent his values.  The title sounds good black lives matter, but when he read what they stand for and all the crazy things they are doing, he said they are using black lives matter to move their gay agenda and other mess. They are using the face of the brothers to do their dirt.  Read The Gay manifesto!        Gay Manifesto - "We Shall Sodomize Your Sons

We shall sodomize your sons, emblems of your feeble masculinity, of your shallow dreams and vulgar lies. We shall seduce them in your schools, in your dormitories, in your gymnasiums, in your locker rooms, in your sports arenas, in your seminaries, in your youth groups, in your movie theater bathrooms, in your army bunkhouses, in your truck stops, in your all male clubs, in your houses of Congress, wherever men are with men together. Your sons shall become our minions and do our bidding. They will be recast in our image. They will come to crave and adore us.

Women, you cry for freedom. You say you are no longer satisfied with men; they make you unhappy. We, connoisseurs of the masculine face, the masculine physique, shall take your men from you then. We will amuse them; we will instruct them; we will embrace them when they weep. Women, you say you wish to live with each other instead of with men. Then go and be with each other. We shall give your men pleasures they have never known because we are foremost men too, and only one man knows how to truly please another man; only one man can understand the depth and feeling, the mind and body of another man.

All laws banning homosexual activity will be revoked. Instead, legislation shall be passed which engenders love between men.

All homosexuals must stand together as brothers; we must be united artistically, philosophically, socially, politically and financially. We will triumph only when we present a common face to the vicious heterosexual enemy.

If you dare to cry faggot, fairy, queer, at us, we will stab you in your cowardly hearts and defile your dead, puny bodies.

We shall write poems of the love between men; we shall stage plays in which man openly caresses man; we shall make films about the love between heroic men which will replace the cheap, superficial, sentimental, insipid, juvenile, heterosexual infatuations presently dominating your cinema screens. We shall sculpt statues of beautiful young men, of bold athletes which will be placed in your parks, your squares, your plazas. The museums of the world will be filled only with paintings of graceful, naked lads.

Our writers and artists will make love between men fashionable and de rigueur, and we will succeed because we are adept at setting styles. We will eliminate heterosexual liaisons through usage of the devices of wit and ridicule, devices which we are skilled in employing.

We will unmask the powerful homosexuals who masquerade as heterosexuals. You will be shocked and frightened when you find that your presidents and their sons, your industrialists, your senators, your mayors, your generals, your athletes, your film stars, your television personalities, your civic leaders, your priests are not the safe, familiar, bourgeois, heterosexual figures you assumed them to be. We are everywhere; we have infiltrated your ranks. Be careful when you speak of homosexuals because we are always among you; we may be sitting across the desk from you; we may be sleeping in the same bed with you.

There will be no compromises. We are not middle-class weaklings. Highly intelligent, we are the natural aristocrats of the human race, and steely-minded aristocrats never settle for less. Those who oppose us will be exiled.

We shall raise vast private armies, as Mishima did, to defeat you. We shall conquer the world because warriors inspired by and banded together by homosexual love and honor are invincible as were the ancient Greek soldiers.

The family unit-spawning ground of lies, betrayals, mediocrity, hypocrisy and violence--will be abolished. The family unit, which only dampens imagination and curbs free will, must be eliminated. Perfect boys will be conceived and grown in the genetic laboratory. They will be bonded together in communal setting, under the control and instruction of homosexual savants.

All churches who condemn us will be closed. Our only gods are handsome young men. We adhere to a cult of beauty, moral and esthetic. All that is ugly and vulgar and banal will be annihilated. Since we are alienated from middle-class heterosexual conventions, we are free to live our lives according to the dictates of the pure imagination. For us too much is not enough.

The exquisite society to emerge will be governed by an elite comprised of gay poets. One of the major requirements for a position of power in the new society of homoeroticism will be indulgence in the Greek passion. Any man contaminated with heterosexual lust will be automatically barred from a position of influence. All males who insist on remaining stupidly heterosexual will be tried in homosexual courts of justice and will become invisible men.

We shall rewrite history, history filled and debased with your heterosexual lies and distortions. We shall portray the homosexuality of the great leaders and thinkers who have shaped the world. We will demonstrate that homosexuality and intelligence and imagination are inextricably linked, and that homosexuality is a requirement for true nobility, true beauty in a man.

We shall be victorious because we are fueled with the ferocious bitterness of the oppressed who have been forced to play seemingly bit parts in your dumb, heterosexual shows throughout the ages. We too are capable of firing guns and manning the barricades of the ultimate revolution.

Tremble, hetero swine, when we appear before you without our masks.

This is what black lives matters stands for!  Now this is not peace.
Ah the internet, where white pussies who never would have the balls to talk shit to a black guy in real life gather to circle jerk each other
This may be so, but if you really want to knowwhy this is happening, get my eBook here
only in u.s, fucking worst country in the world
oh my, these guys playing soldiers , lol, fucking corny yanks
islam is shit.
Big momma said the only thing that made sense
Go ahead and kill each other I'll sit back and watch it on YouTube
I wonder if those black peoples guns are legal
Let the race war begin already ffs! America needs some population control anyway
3:11 "Yeah, I'm mad!  I'm a tax paying citizen!"   Riiigggghhttt.
YEEEEHAAAAWWW you hillbilly fucks
if that doesn't make you see that it's about to go down nothing will it's a long  time coming the son is paying for the sins of the father
I have subtitles on for this video, and it picks up exactly word for word what the white people are saying. 

the subtitles can't even get more than a sentence correct for the black people.

 I'm convinced now, blacks don't speak English...
Funny how terrorist never see themselves as terrorist! I'm thinking if the Black race controlled the government, controlled law enforcement, controlled the country's wealth, controlled the majority of jobs in America they also would have little reason to rise up against those that have little means to fight back!
Blacks = Muslim, when will you white people wake up
These blacks don't realize that their militant nonsense will not be tolerated anymore!
The "Arab version of Islam". There is no difference. Someone get these hillbillies educated
The counter protest has way better guns. Counter protesters know how to shoot a gun, they have been to shooting ranges. The black protest are just thugs who have cheap shotguns, came out into the street and started yelling.
The white guys: Big Guns,  Little Dicks.....
those black fuckers are a bunch of haters?!
It should be like this in all Christian countries so they can protect their life from muslims/Arabs
that time when you're black and you scream black power and think you're not racist.
White male privilege at its highest
Get a life you mid life crisis is no reason to try and amp up your "manhood" Islam is not a threat!  Isis is not ALL muslims!  These men need to in list in an actual cause.... Idk... Like the military.. And be real men!
3:54 black man points at white girl, "this chick don't matter though" lol
cowards you only got big mouth and flesh would like and invite u middle east at list u will learn some ideology
Lol, why were the police protecting the armed caucasian group that went into a naberhood that their not part of, are they scared? :)
This is the dumbest fucking video I have ever watch all of yall are full shit and yall going end up shooting someone and killing them damn dumbasses
Thank you to all the people who stand with the Muslim community or any community that are minority in America and always getting pushed around by these racist people! I am a Muslim American and I respect the law and I have the right to armed and you bet your ass I am and I respect every religion and a person regardless or there color as long as they respect my religion and me.
This black guy cant even pronounce English properly lol, why is he the spokesmen, is he the king of the jungle?
Wtf does the nazi flag have to do with this 
As a minority myself who has seen first hand what goes on in the hood, I will NEVER side with you fucks. YOU are the problem destroying our communities! Last time I checked it wasn't some white guy on the corner selling rock and making everyone in the neighborhood live in fear. All I know is if a race war does happen I'm glad I'm a minority so I can get close enough to you fucks to make an example out of you.
Those black fellas will get destroyed.. "White folks and their kids know how to shoot guns very well!!
tactical flashlight attached with electrical tape in broad daylight. tactics nigga
nigga got a gun!!!!!!!!!
Don't worry, most of these turds will be shot dead in the next few years by their "Brothers".
I'm curious to know what the last women thinks on who should have guns? Probably just the people in the neighborhood, and maybe cops she is thinking. I'm curious.
the last lady speaking says" I don't care what color you is",  hehe  what a joke
Fuck You Protesters
Mongrels.
lets go make "innocent people" feel threatened, but if we feel threatened we have big guns to defend ourselves ...
i fucking hate america disgusting cesspool of fuckwits
white people peacefully standing there in protest black people screaming black power waving their guns around with a bunch of criminals that kill eachother
Stupid niggly bears!
STOP RAICES STOP RAICES
I thought martin luther king said Dont use violence against violence
BLACK LIVES MATTER bty i'am not black
The creed or the colour dosent matter
3:15 then how come I'm still paying welfare dumb bitch.
Dumbasses
fuck you breitbart piece of shit.
I wanna see black panther walk around town with an assault rifle would be awesome to see you white folks piss your pants.....
America told in one video..
It's not your street, dummies. It belongs to everyone.
if both sides lives are so difficult why are they all fat?
bro is that a surefire x19113 tactical flashlight on the shotgun? bro i want one
hmmm passionate peeps make interesting terrorists...........not all people that are Muslim believe in doing bad things. oh and guys in da hood, there is statistical proof that blacks kill more white people than whites to blacks, pull ur panties out ur ass and grow up
what fucking idiot tapes a flashlight to a shotgun for daytime  FUCKING DAY TIME
why are black people so loud, jezz
You don't know a thing about Islam....you ignorant! I'm white and live in Canada and thank god I don't have to interact with people like you...Just discussing.
"I don't care what cola you is"
They don't even have proper grammar.
Bro your riding around in a car with skullmasks on and assaultrifles targeting a specific group of people... looks to me that your the terrorist here in America. Also most of the mass shootings that happen in schools,theatres,etc are because of whites. Don't hide your racist belief with the law. Why don't you show your faces?? COWARDS!
"armed protesters" they're not protesters... burn them with fire
The Communists/Socilaists COWARDS Black Rats Party your days have numbers PUSSIES.
The dude with an assault rifle, big sunglasses and skull mask, talking about how other people are domestic terrorists...

I would be pretty terrified of him, so who is the terrorist here?
3:57 wait wtf
My uncle joined BAIR a couple weeks ago, and my cousin will join when he's old enough. Mad respect for these people.
Fucking race war in 2025
See when black armed men came white trash run back to thier moms home.white racist crackers are tough on innocent people when it comes to real men who could whip thier ass they run like faggots they are.
ISIS doesn't matter what color you are
hey I'm on a gang it's called humanity
The world is crazy
all live matters :)
welcome to the usa hahaha fuckin shit country full of fat morons
black lives  matter , crips and blood's , the truth comes out just another gang.
divide and conquer, we're all in this shit together, black or white, fuck the labels.
I find it funny that BLM is right next to the bloods and the crips...
the two gangs that kill the most blacks.
all colors of American people  better wake up and come together and look at the big picture, are country is being invaded by terrorist and they are going to out number us if we're divide, what do  people want democracy or dictatorship, do you want American law or Syrian law.
Did am going to be a cop after the I go to the marines and if this is what it will be like I will just team up with the group defending the police and ask for an M4 and go to town if any of those crips get near me, and it is time for these riots to end
Hahaha what a fucked up country look at them all prancing their guns around :D.

Bunch of fucking braindeads !
fuck the muslims go back were you came from
and the f.o.i ...and what they can and will do to them...and there families is well known and documented ...slap that hornet nest if you want to...I know EXACTLY how that story ends ...seen it...did it ...#nogames
stop talking to these people. ...they cannot be reasoned with ....don't say sht...if they try to play you or play with you send them back...#nojails....#emblemofjustice...#nomercyforthemerciless
Citizens with shotguns and assault rifles walking down the street... 

It's impossible for the US Govt. to see the problem there...
well lady guns should be in a law following mans hands
The difference in the demeanors of the two groups is astounding.... NOT
Wow what the fuck were those fucking Edomites thinking? You know when the people rise up these white edomites are seriously fucked! its like you have to stand behind a group of armed officers of the law to do what you do. You simply cant cope.
I don't get how lots of democrats who own guns.... ARE DEMOCRATS. support the people who gonna take your shit away.
The cops should have run the numbers on all of the firearms. I'm sure that several of these weapons have been reported stolen or have had the serial numbers removed.
white idiots
I'm offended
WHITE PEOPLE PLEASE STOP IT!!! NO ONE IS AFRAID OF YOU!! LMFAO!!!
That black woman in the blue is the only smart 1 out of all of you . you are a disgrace to blacks and whites standing around with loaded weapons when kids are around shame on you.
"I don't care what color you is, guns don't belong in everybody's hands" This is a mentality of a fascist dictator
does that nigga have a duct tap flashlight to his shotgun
so this is why cod ghosts 2 never happened
This is stupid first Ebola now this shit and at least you know your rights good job for that. 
Man I'm glad this is not in Houston. If it is I'm getting my bat and my friends. we going hunting for them. 
One last thing fuck black lives fuck white lives fuck all lives.
They wear these skull masks so they bring even more fear for them >:)
is fucked up but that's how it is in South Dallas where I was born and raised I hardly saw any white folks in my neighborhood growing up the majority where African-American and Mexican-american folk
She never paid a tax in her life.
And the problem with that little show is that although you have the right to bare arms, that also means others under that same law have the rights to employ its use against you as well.
They should send US troops there, to establish democracy and liberty for all. USA, land of the free! USA!
Wake the gang members up. Stop the violence against your own. It is time to unite and fight for rights. A change is going to come...WAKE THE BROTHERS UP!
Many Americans black, white, Muslim, christians are against racist white terrorists. Maybe we all need to come to your church's And stomping grounds armed and intimidate you devils! Yea, sounds fair to me :-)
Whites are all over the world killing in the name of Christianity and democracy. Whites are preparing to kill anyone or any group that can present the truth to them and the world. They have always killed to hid truth and keep their empire of lies and falsehood paying off for them.
tht dog was finna fuck sum1 up
being Muslim is a domestic terrorist group really dumb ass the kkk is a terrorist group dumbass
guys like these are the main terrorists of your country
The sad thing is to contradict this white idiot who loves taking up for the cops 90% of cops killed yearly are carried about by the same violent white males calling the nation of Islam terrorists who were walking around with the guns lol. Talk about pathetic hypocrites. The only terrorists in this country are while males including these soft ass cops who will lie in a heart beat to stay out of prison after murdering someone.
Islamic terror? or terror in general. lol.
these guys blow muslim dicks on the downlow, uncircumcised muslim dicks with dick cheese. all they get out of that is a mouth full of jizz. that's white power, guzzeling jizz.
I bet they won't protest the kkk....
How can a white guy cover his face and carry a high power rifle and be called not threatening while a black guy does it and gets arrested or shot
You are against the wrong people,, know who your enemy really is not the people, but those in higher power are,
You just got to search for who rules the world. that is the real enemy.
So its friendly to show up to a mosque with your buddies with assault rifles? Gtfoh I guarantee the police would be reacting different if the roles were reversed. This is disgusting
"Guns don't belong in everybody's hands" you're right they don't belong in your guys' hands
It's to bad the White Knight label is taken by a hate group it's a cool name btw fuck the KKK but I mean it's a cool name
why are they called protesters. 
They are all fucking voilent cucks
Going to get me a xxxxl moo moo nighty for wearing to Walmart.
This is a nice gathering
You're the ones threatening them with violence not them
Takem down. We can not have thugs running our streets.
it's funny how they try to look tough soft as cake .
these devil's, these scums is the terrorist in America,you carrying guns but getting protection from the police,a bunch of cowards with guns
I love when blacks wake up!  We can take it to the streets! I don't need no gun we can go toe-to-toe fist to fist, white boy!!!!  white Bitch bring your lunch! I got all day!
If they're against radical Islam I have no problem. Pretty smart using guns, too.
the guy with the shotgun and The bucket hat looked very confused
Yo stfu let the people be
Don't mess with Texas you radical muslimracists
He's really smoking a blunt 
Black lives matter
Without the police protecting those racist they would have been run out of the black community. I wonder how many of those racists were out of uniform police?
He duct tape a flashlight to his shotgun!!!! Cheep
"I don't care what color you is-"


Is this how we talk now?
black lives madder
black lives madder
This nigga got a flashlight taped to his piece of shit $200 mossberg shotgun
Oh STFU you 4 eyed jack ass
This guy sounds like a joke
No matter what color you are or where you come from you have to accept that you're a fucking human being. People are so fucking stupid that it gives me a headache. We need to stop this fucking circus act and pull ourselves together as human beings and not as 'white' or 'black' but as humans. #humanpower
Fuksake why cant people just love each other
Whoever edited this video did a good job. It really looks good. I do some video editing myself and this kind of style impresses me.
Well i could tell you as a muslim i won't get you and me in trouble
we the people ask accountability against brutality and law enforcement and people such as these armed thugs in the video who harassed people practicing their religion. this is harassment and intimidation black lives matter is not a hate group it's People Unite under the banner to fight for justice and equality within  their Community within their society a catchy phrase
Fat Americans smh...
2:22 Lmfao!!!! electrical tape to tie a flashlight on the barrel!!! $10 bucks say it's stolen
My school is just next to that place they are at 
send these fuck faces to iraq
Good job it's about time ...
impose martial law send, no reason why they should be that heavy armed.
The simple fact that white people fear black people pretty much tells you where things are headed
that black welfare momma saying she is a taxpayer LOLOL.
So the Huey P gun club are muslim sympathizers eh? Doesnt surprise me, blacks, muslims, all are murderers and rapists.
The streets are for everybody, not for a specific race.
can everyone kill every white person in this country. and send their corpse back to England!
This is how they repay us for freeing them?
Come Russia fucking americans
I am so with them
I would argue "black lies matter" is a kkk like terrorist organization. Can anyone understand the black spokesperson?
I couldn't behave myself with those black peoples chanting those things. I'm afraid my finger would slip...
what a mob
lol electrical tape on a shotgun for the flashlight.
I hope America can hold itself together until I'm old enough to get guns
These guys are fucking racist faggotys doods>
This what happen when you allow them retards guns.
BLM are pro Palestinian terrorists
ok now I'm muslim and your calling aribic islam like islam thats dumb of them, get more info idiots
As a non US person, its fucking terrifying that you go to a standard protest like this and see these sorts of weapons. Not hating on your second amendment or anything, but there is a bit of an issue im sure all your guys over there in the US understand. Lets hope they never get used at a protest by any side
That's why we need trucks, to run over protesters
These whit people are fucking stupid
2:00 Classifying Black Lives Matter with the Bloods and Crips as though that were a good thing. You people are disgusting.
Bro that panther is smoking weed
Blue lives matter
Tax payer streets not EBT user
What's with the fatigues? It's one thing to open carry, and another to look like you're going to fuckin kill big foot himself. Good lord playing army was elementary school days.
Im happy that we all have guns thats how it should be
I like how he's against terror while he's causing terror
I love seeing the white girls standing strong beside a real man a black man stupid cracker offering their white women to everyone except them ohh we need more diversity never hear black or browns saying that only whiteys keep giving ur daughters we'll take me bye white people soon more and more white girls gonna be having black babies while white boys give up their land and freedom sucks to be white I should know I'm white
the white man is the true terrorist. We can say the same for Christianity. Buts it cool to see bloods cripz and da whole community come together to fight the real problem
both of these races need to sit the fuck down already
Who's street out street. No dumbfuck a the government's street.
all lives matter
black lives do not matter
so are they against islam or nah
If there one thing I know, don't fuck with Dallas Police Department
ppl r so dumb
Ppl r so dumb they gonna get shot
Ppl r so dumb they gonna get shot
Angry, uneducated, racist Blacks back at it again.  "Black Power, Black Power etc. etc. etc. yet they cannot stand a proud white man.  Which these whites were not standing up for anything racial btw just freedom of speech and against islamic terror preaching
everyone in this video better get their shit together and leave unless they are just looking to instigate shit for no reason
great more Bros with the call of Duty crap
Are they fucking dumb? Isis are NOT Muslims! They claim to be but they AREN'T. That's what the racist redneck fucktard a need to get into their heads.
At 1.30 (OR SO) the man said :maybe they should find better religious leaders... little did u know ur religious leaders did some nasty holy crusades hundrets of years ago...little did you know most of the muslims arent terorists.
this is a act of terrorism
fuck the cops
your American government brainwashed you stupid American fucks. who do you think funded ISIS. you people have no fucking idea about the religion of Muslim.  and your too fucking dumb to learn about it. I know americans are fuckin dumb but I didn't know you guys are THAT fuckin dumb
 hahaha I'm glad I don't live in you godforsaken fucked up country. fuck all you. remember that movie Olympus has fallen. most countries out there wish/ hope the plot actually happened.
What? He said "We cant never get that kinda police protection, even if we call ya'll?" Who the fuck does that idiot think the cops were protecting, the Arabic kids 4 towns over? They where AT THE MOSQUE BEFORE THE WHITE GUYS SHOWED UP. THEY WERE PROTECTING YOUR ASS and making sure no one got into an all out war on Main Street.
It's too bad the race war in America could not have begun here:((  Too many cops around I suppose.
bloods and crips...lmao...
Wow this white dude s mentally ret**ded
These men are heroes!
Government needs to crack down all these cowards,  and put them behind bars. tf is wrong with this people man!
This seems staged to me .......  This is some George Soros scare people into thinking the world is coming to an end type crap
Black power hmmm sounds racist to me white power hmmm sounds racist to me. Stop yelling black power white power you dumbshits maybe all of you should've stayed in school so you wouldn't sound retarded
"i dont want anyone to get gunned down", so why does he bring guns
Dude with the beanie looks like Steve Urkel and he's got his Gimp friend with his PVC bucket hat on.
That guy talking in the car has a blunt. 1min
You have to remember that it's the WHITES who are invading the black neighborhood not the Blacks invading a white neighborhood. That is the MOST IMPORTANT part of this video.
These guys are the some of the worst people I have ever seen.
fake
Give em a few months and they will turn those guns at each other.
all mfs need to shut up and thank life for life
idgaf if u have a gun I'm still gonna run u over...if ur blocking me
Why noone yelled GO BACK TO AFRICA and shoot
Bitch all lives matter
we all need to come together as one power.LIFE IS SHORT
damus rides for the people fuck the whites
The new black panther party are punks. baton rouge police took their guns away and put them in jail
    ,    ?
This is why you go to college. So you don't end up like these uneducated hoodlums.
she don't care what color you is!
Boy i aint bout to take nobody serious with a flashlight duct taped to a gun. Throw a magpul hanguard on that shotgun and get some rails. Making black ppl look bad. Smh
brainless inbreeds
im coming and im bringing my super soaker
Dumbass duck taped a fucking flashlight to his shotgun.
black lifes matter sure thas why u blacks are in welfare u guys real matter
Those guns are probably illegally owned.LOOL.
2016 in a nutshell
These dudes keep talking shit about their second amendment rights.. what about the Muslim's First Amendment rights to a free exercise of religion? Their use of the constitution is about as selective as their use of scripture.
dumbest video I have ever see.. what retard brings guns to a verbal 1st amendment argument... and to say bringing in the 2nd to back up the first, you're just looooking for a fight!!! and to top it off, yea, let's invite the bloods/crips/panthers/and some nazies!
Notice how every one in the Huey gun club r black
I wasn't paying attention, cuz all I could see was that fine light skinned black chick with the black shirt and blue jeans...Dat ASS!
Black Lives Matter is dumb... Their lives matter but they go out and point guns at people and expect not to be shot.
HP Newton gun club is a wing of the New Black Panthers founded on the idea that all white people need to be killed... Most of the NBP upper echellon are militant muslims that support killing non muslims... BLM was founded by racist cop killers to inspire more cop killing...
Hate breeds hate.
Anyone who feels the need to hide their face is obviously not on the "right" side of what they are doing. Also, learn to wear a plate carrier right if your gonna wear it. And just so we are clear... I am gun toting 2A supporting badged public servant. I think this was a exercise of assholes, on both sides.
this happens frequently across the nation, and organized, skilled, mostly white militia type group will show out for something, then the local black panthers show up with hi-points and cheap AK's, all the while most of the militia guys are wearing plate carriers, helmets, hell, i've seen a few that had NVG's on their helmets, and some bad ass AR15 or a M1A with Trijicon and Eotech optics. if push came to shove, the Black groups would lose within about 10 minutes.
dumb white washed religious hypocrite.  welcome to SOC bitches
Barack Hussein Obama (ex)president of the United States of America. Nothing more to say.
I don't blame the blacks, I blame the democrats for their destructive policies that had destroyed these people.
black power the new kkk, all the ideology of there mind sett is blaming an old racist group to start a new one whilst sitting in a pit of self pittynes, ive studied this whole thing from a neutural point , ive never been invovled in any kind of group or belief, but this black power is a terrorist organisation ,  africans shooting police men dead. there not targeting the actual ones who are the ones what caused problems , they just shoot n kill a white man for being white. America has serious problems it needs to be fixed. all i see is a group of africans starting a war in all of this. the whites are trying to stop islamic hate then the blacks are there joining the islamic side, the crime rates what blacks bring to comunities is way above white, i dont condem killing nobody but trump should make these barbaric fools a terrorist organisation which is what they actually are. America is america its not africa or like zulu dawn a load of barbaric blacks killing white men
they look more like PMC's than protesters tbh.
some peoples comments on here are fucking disgusting. every man has his right to live happy life. we are all immigrants to this country. people on the mayflower didn't have paper work now did they! if you want to be technical native american are the only people this land belonged too. so all you stupid politically correct fuck tards need to shut the fuck up and just live your life like a good human being and accept that were all here together!
It's funny how Breitbart is a White Nationalist rag but still can't swing making their people look ignorant and uninformed. The folks from the neighborhood are pretty articulate.
Red Necks and Ghetto people!!! The two worst groups of people, racist, fanatical, homicidal , the Puke of society!!!!
"I don't care who you is." Lol
"We can never get this kind of protection from the police!" cries the thug who would shoot at them when they showed up.
You know  who do problem   not Muslims but you're scared to  Call names fuck you stupid white ass and auntie what???
Stop white kkk
What the fuck I am Muslim  are peace
Protesters armed? And I'm to believe they are peacefully protesting?
Is this BLM?
I'm not a prejudiced person, I believe there is only one race, the human race, but when a religious organization advocates conversion or execution, like the Holy Roman Empire did back in the dark ages, that's where they belong, in the dark ages.
Any group that advocates murder, whether for race or creed needs to be incarcerated for being a threat to the public safety. That includes White Supremists, Fascists, Religious fanatics and George Soros collaboraters.
Dumb & ignorant BLM folks!! Retards!!
the streets are not your!! get a job pay tax and then we will talk. idiots!!
hahahaha, media, I love you. 
YOu scare the shit out of people. HAHAHAHA
Terrorist this, terrorist that, come one buddy, your 9-11 was an inside job. Period.
This white trash should be erased from this world.
Thank you to the women in the blue shirt at the end. Guns wont help. Buy them, enjoy them but please leave them at home/the range. NO ONE there should have their firearms on them. Colour is irrelevent and is being used as an excuse for hate.
WHY IS BAIR PROTESTING IN A NEIGHBORHOOD WITH THUGS?
This entire video and all of the comments on it seemed pointless.  Are we just generally mad?
fema camps
Let the War begin
this fuckers whatch to many action movies
Huey p newton is fucking racist!
Better question is why wouldn't you bring gun if guns are all over the neighborhood. That's like jumping into a shark tank without a cage, you might not need it but what if you do!
all them gangster wannabees with guns wtf
President-Elect Of The United States After Hillary Clinton Concedes
Those black folks would've gotten decimated. Dumbasses aren't even wearing armor and I bet none of them are even trained properly and their gear looks so 30 years ago.
white fuckers  talk about blacks on welfare if u do ur research and not be the dumb ignorant racist piece of shit  you would know whites has the highest rate of welfare and cause the most damage which Americans pay for so look through those moonshine eyes and see the truth and be part of a solution to help this country get back on it's feet and not being a piece of shit
they all need jobs or behind bars.
NEWTON GUN CLUB  HAHAHAHAHAH BUNCH OF FUCKING RETARDS
Dumb bitch, guns do not belong in errbodies hands... So they only belong in the hands of the bloods, crips and citizens of South Dallas and not anyone coming into or through South Dallas? How fucking ignorant are you? And these men are not there inciting racism much like these citizens of this area are. Everything I heard is about black this and black that. These men are there to try to protect citizens from the destructive religion of Islam and the terrorist ties they have within their mosques. Very pathetic that all that came was inviting racism and using gang members as your support is suppose to make your cause any better? Nope, it just made you look stupid.
Would be a great time if the world suddenly flooded
if black lives matter... why are you killing each other ...
So white men with guns are exercising their 2nd amendment rights, but the black Muslims, who don't associate with ISIS, are domestic terrorist? Can we say double standard? #dimbart news
I'm glad I own multiple firearms
That fat black woman is native born American and she still can't speak English correctly.
most white people cant say they have been attacked by black people. How can they when they are rarely around blacks. Media tells them they are victims of black on white crimes and they believe this means them. But personally they can only speak of hearsay. Blacks who live amongst whites dont have time to rob them, they gotta work. Blacks who do have time to rob whites dont have the money or weaponry and are to scared or aren't dumb enough to go in upperclass neighborhoods, so they rob their own. stop lying white folks
well hopefully they will kill each other off and the rest of us can just sit back and enjoy next seasons game of thrones.
breitbart is gay
see I don't like black lives matter but it's got nothing to do with your race it's got to do with you Charlotte North Carolina you destroyed how many trucks how many drivers how much cargo did you burn for what were you making a statement but the you can f*** with Truckers Scott nothing to do with your color you go after innocent people you don't go after people who are the the machine the system you don't go after them you don't go after anybody who can really defend themselves you know a lot of these drivers out here are too scared to fight you it's going to be a totally different story if that ever happens again all this crap is is no different than it was back in the sixties is just people wanting their 15 minutes of fame you're no Martin Luther King you know Malcolm X you're just a bunch of troublemakers and since when is looting stores busting buildings busting cars hurting people when is that supposed to send a message but that were ignorant and we can do whatever we want those who don't learn from history are doomed to repeat it
this was staged...good for publicity...George soros would be proud you did good doing what you were told to do by soros...hope you got paid well.
USA... youre paying the price of hundreds of thousands of iraqis,syrians and libyans you murdoured, now you Will slowly inplode , and take youre wahabi salafi demons with you
"We got the Bloods, the Crypts, BlackLyfes Matter" hehe look at that, BLM is a gang now. Always was...
what a shame.....
Nice.
typical...
take away gun comtrol law already and this will solve the problem.
Throw some guns off shores some where let them know.. put the finger on the button hit nukes
we got the bloods here we got the crips here!!!!! how fucking stupid does this cunt sound!
hes talking about two croups of people that have killed more black people than any other group in the history of the united states- and this sill cunt says black lives matter -the world can not take idiots seriosly !
No actual shooting? Fuck this video is boring and lame as fuck
Knock, Knock....Who is it? It is me, your next civil war.....
Dammit! I was hoping to see the Huey P Newton Gun Club, the Bluuu-uuuds and the Crips dead on the ground while the police and real Americans (the ones who DO pay taxes) celebrated.
Sooo... you trying to say that 50 blacks with guns screaming "Black Power" and wearing not flags of USA but some imaginary "African Pride country" or whatever it is not racist scums??
jive turkey mother humper cunts
It's good to know mental retardation doesn't discriminate.
scary stuff. one shot fired in that situation and it's a all out shoot out.
No one gives A FUCK!! Now check their backgrounds especially fat moms at the end!!! She be packin some hand cannons under that moo moo
Fucking idiot in this video calling NOI a terrorist group. Do tell with what fucking proof? Hmmm When has any story popped up in recent memory with someone from NOI shooting up several people in a public place like say a CHURCH or a nightclub. Idiot.
Perhaps if the hyper aggressive violent posturing Bair group or whatever stayed in their fucking community and did not go to the mosque in the Black community purposely trying to intimidate people everyone would be better off. "Don't start no stuff won't be no stuff" as they say in contemporary parlance.
i don't see hoe they can say black power, and not consider it racist?  if a white  man said white power, they would lose their mind
i am muslim you show laik busy we lote the gon to you. brin
Who's the better shot I wonder?
I have nothing but respect for all  people that want to follow the law and work hard to have peace, prosperity and raise their children in wholesome and healthy environments.that is what America is (or used to be) all about.  That said, why would you have known Crips and Bloodsthe very folks destroying your neighborhoods.carry guns?   Are the Black folks telling me that the gangbangers are their heroes?  If that is the case.you deserve the killings, the robberies, the drugs and suffering your communities have!
they voted for trump and funny how they take upon themselves to show up to anothers religious temple to protest if black people did that to a white church they would have a fucking cow, shows still how whites thing they are more superior than other races and if thats the case please advise ANY SCIENTIFIC PROOF THAT THE WHITE RACE IS MORE SUPERIOR TO ANOTHER RACE. CAUSE THERERE ARENT.
Fuck fucking trump ! !
both groups are f'in wrong...and idiots.
I do think what go around come back around. I just wish there be peace in the world. We all human !!! SIMPLE
In a gun battle the blacks will probably kill more of there own than whites. On the other hand i bet most of the whites probably wil not miss there targets.
Martin Luther King fought against the Black Panthers. He also for fought for the right of black people to own guns.
all these protesters are clowns. they're asking to be shot by police.
You don't need a license to carry a shotgun . That's why all the nigs are carrying them . Notice how all the white guys are carrying expensive firearms ? Because us white folk work hard for our money .
I only watched 10 seconds and correct me if I'm wrong but they look like little kids playing air soft. These guys look mentally ill and I'm dying lol. My question Is why are they running around with guns when it's completely unnecessary, you can say oh its legal I'm aware of that, but there is literally no reason for this.
Put these blm and gang members  asses in jail with soros...........
A cold wind is coming for these traitors of these united states.
I don't care what color you is? you mean are? dumb fuck go home go about your business if you have any
Planet of the Apes out there. I think I saw Urko.
God bless the 2nd amendment so Americans can protest in peace without being beaten or tear gased no matter what our race or our cause may everyone's voice be heard our second amendment will protect our first amendment and all the rest thats why its the most important because with out the second amendment we have no amendments or rights
good job
I think the real victim was 'Christian's Hair fantasy' that day....
its goes both ways they to have every right to carry guns too  ,what could possibly go wrong.?
An armed protest wtf.
If you start fighting with each other then Satan's man George Soros and his evil spawn Alex Soros win, it's called divide and conquer, you will need those guns when the ISIS infiltrators kick off their planned fireworks, stay focused.
I'm pro second amendment and republican but these people are just retarded. Wearing masks and going all out like that just shows you are trying to start something that isnt necesarry.
Bunch of fucking former vets with brain damage!!
This would make a good paintball tournament face off!
If a gunfight broke out the black people would definitely get destroyed.
So where were the muslims?
Looks like the lucifarians have everybody against each other instead of them. We need to stop attacking each other and start spreading the gospel of Jesus the true Christ.
I hate racial devision
This is just so fucking sad, america never learns
shit it aintnthere fucking street did they put there life on the line for the fucking flag that they burn and shit all over hell no they didnt fuck ingnerancy is what they should be screamijg at there fucking selves
hahahahahahahahahahahaha. 
Huey Pittman Newton Gun club and it's thug associates wouldn't stand a chance. 
While you idiots are are "stepping" and chanting. We are TRAINING.
So keep it up. It's almost come to a head.
Isn't it funny , how black people swear that they are Egyptians ? yet the Egyptians were big time slave owners and treated their slaves like dog shit... y'all are fuckn stupid lmfao
lol. camouflage in an urban setting. you got your a$$ kicked in the Civil War, you'll get your a$$ kicked again. youre real tough shooting at your little paper targets, but wait to the bullets start flying.
These guys are all drug dealers and thugs supporting these idiots
how the fuck you going be a gang member an wanna protest when your killing each other even your own gang
Black power (BLM), White power (KKK). Same shit on either side of a coin. The only color that matters is the RED, WHITE, and BLUE.
white devils
Get rid of the thumping music, people are sic of it.
Lol... Huey P. Newton was a junkie.
Lol well you can tell that the "newton gun club" is nothing more that a street gang with some 12 gage shotguns. I would love to see how "tuff" they are if a real firefight went on.
At 4:11 that bitch says"I don't curr what color you is". WTF? Learn to speak clearly and people might take you more serious
TRUMP!!!!!!!!! 2016-2024
bunch of cry baby's..
black Panthers are a fucking joke...lol...black lives matter.yea ok..hahahaha
what language is those coloured chaps speaking. just asking.
How exciting! There was like 4 people there!
pretty damn funny Bureau for american-islamic relations and they're just a bunch of white f**** rednecks really
These coloreds are soo ignorant I mean I myself have been at times when I was younger but these are adults they can't even speak proper English and this also makes them sound stupid. I've noticed over the years however lots of colored people converting to Islam in droves often disrespecting their parents by by changing their birth name to a Mooslum one. So now the Retarded Panther followers are protecting the invasive Mooslum agenda as I said before these coloreds are all about themselves everything is racist all whites are out to get them so they side with the very Religion that wants to dominate the world by the sword . The crazy thing for me is I know a few real Arabs and two of the three that I know can't stand colored people they actually have a name for them that's derogatory....
I understand the lady at the ends point of view but its not like anyone was shooting their guns they all obviously have a love for guns in common.
BLM is a bigger threat to peace than the KKK ever was. Sure the KKK killed people but they were not looked at as heroes by whites like the BLM is by blacks. BLM is changing the mindset of young African American youths so much so that it's going to take decades to recover from the damage BLM has done to America.
EDIT: We are looking more and more like pre-MLK days where race hatred was the norm.
you nigga trippin.
lol they have the cops cause the one black guy with an 100 dollar single shot shotgun can't even hold it.
enjoy hell
"Bloods, crips, black lives matter"

At least this guy is willing to properly lump BLM with these other thugs.
Black woman is yelling who's streets,our streets.Well if it's your streets,just look how bad they have become because of you.You want your domain but you don't do anything to better your community.You just keep blaming white people for shit that black people are doing.That is why white people move out when they know blacks are starting to move into there neighborhoods.They know it is just a matter of time before the crime rate soars and the neighborhood goes to shit.Only speaking from experience.
so if they scream black power. is it racist to scream white power? thats just what i have been thinking.
Dude has a flash light tapped to his shotgun lol
why all the whites guys have a big belly.  o yeah oh that beerr they drink out side there trailers
This is all the DNC and their paid liberal media's doing. Exploiting the lie that Whites and the police are the cause of Black people problems and not democratic government assistance and their own choices. Now the most evil ignorant scumof the Black community(gang members, BLM, Black Nationalist)is going haywire. Trump has got to make the Liberal media stop.
WHITE POWER SUPPORT THE ARYAN NATION let's take OUR COUNTRIES BACK!!!
hilarious electrical taped on flashlight mang
Vigilantes this is not good.
lol that ending where that lady says about guns don't belong here. lol. guns everywhere, most killings we see today and forever more, is people killing people over some dumb shit. if we want changes, everyone, meaning all race will have to contribute to make society a better place, but all I see is, " it's all about my race". I say fucked that shit. why make it your own race, how about other races too? this shit is getting stupid out of hand. to be honest, people needs to realize that not your own race is in this shit, it's all race. so if you don't see it like this, then your a racist motherf'ers. I thought we are done with this shit but people seems to still throw the race cards out there. government need to step up and people of all race need to come together to get this straighten out are hell will break loose and shit will not end up in good terms. but what can I say people have their hatred on and can't change them, but someone or thing can change it but when that change comes, dead bodies everywhere. that's 100.
"I don't care what color you is."But we all have the second ammendment right to bear arms. High school cap and gown wearing fool.
How is black power any different then white power? Fuck all forms of dividing groups !!! 
# division = racism. One day people will wake the fuck up and realize fighting fire with fire is not the way,it takes water (love) to overcome the flames of hate. The sooner we stop dividing are selves in to dumbass racist groups we will overcome racism...
Lol @ "I'm a tax payin' citizen!"...ghetto ass black bitch don't pay no taxes she's most likely on welfare with her 6 keeids
White people lol
These Dudes Are Vaginas. All Of Them.
they have to have everyone there so they can fight other than that they will join the white side lmao but if they want a war they couldn't handle all of the rednecks that are out here a deer can't see hear or smell a redneck they are truly a silent killer I'm scared of them myself lol
can't understand what the blacks are saying, they all sound like they have marbles in their mouths
It is just a matter of time before shit hits the fan
Take that bullshit back to africa..
It's not fair.Why does Texas keeps the monopoly on stupidity ?
he said find better religious leaders. does he mean like the Pope and he's gang of peodo.
brilliant ye gotta love the second a
this afro-american ar stupid like europeen.hitler & islam-world became good friends & partners in WW.2
Americans are so dumb
America is so fuckin stupid. It amazes me they are a super power.
how do you even get a ak12 in america? with the sanctions
Here are some stats demonstrating just how much BLM contributes to society. Maybe the BLM group should concentrate on practicing what theyre trying to preach.
BLM is the most racist group Ive ever learned of, if you say all lives matter the black will assault. With statistics in these numbers they must be a real proud race.

The Highest household on welfare by race, Black with over 60% . 
The Most incarcerated by percentage of race, Black
The Highest violent crimes committed by race are Black at 62% of all  
The Highest rate of unwed mothers by race, Black at 67%

By the way and just for the record most blacks don't finish school which is why 8 out of 10 blacks use words never heard of such as weez for we and dats for that's or gotsa for gots as in have.but the all time favorite for ignorance must go to those who say axed instead of ask.
your are parasites that rob rape murder and pillage the town.The people are coming for you......
Bitch you ant shit don't talk about it be about it...My right wing ass coming for you,make know bones about it!!!!!!
"I don't curr wut cullah you is, guns don't balong in errbuddy hands..."
Aunt Jamima has spoken.
Now where's my FUCKING PANCAKES!!!!!!!!!
You lost me at electrical tape for a light mount.
Damn shame our country is so divided talk about the KKK is disturbing, I wonder who these people are and where the hell do they come from ? I don't understand why or how the BLM group reacts so violently against those of us that say ALL live matter. I'm hoping things get better as to divide and conquer is an age old tactic that works as well today as it has from the beginning.
My question on this is if your protesting against people bringing legal guns why would you have your people bring illegal guns you can tell that there is more than  one illegal sbs on the blm side and that's a federal offense you have to have a 3rd stage tax stamp for that so please tell me who is breaking the law on this protest
Blacks have to work on their own community struggles...Stats show theyre own gangs are killing each other ..Chicago is worse than LA....my hometown...9.9 /10 crimes are black on black.....Their so stupid on the subject that is normal for them , and find any reason to get off on a white person...Blacks are just as predjudiced...
just a trigger-happy redneck never serve your country and you're trying to do something to draw attention
I need a machine gun please
think they pissed now? lol yeah it get worse fellows. just keep that foolishness in those F*^K up cities. they let you get away with it there. You moderately safe anyway . while walking and protesting. Should you see a lot of trees and grass you're heading for the country . I suggest you turn around and head back to safe places in the city....we don't have those out here...Just sayin
with all the stupid whacked out shit that goes on now im starting to just hate humans period let dogs run everything
have you ever seen the piano it has both black nd white and work together in harmony change is what you all need  .
Kill the communist youth who support hillary Beijing Clinton
The African Americans do know that ISLAM ( Nation Of Islam) was behind the assassination of Malcolm X, right? He left affiliation to broaden his cause, and extend the struggles to later include the struggles of all races in his blueprint by the life he walked.. Why would they support what wants to also keep them down? 

Blacks are a MINORITY in the USA, how could the blacks think they could win a race war? Why even have a race war, or want to start one? Also, how does this equate to one? Nobody is saying kill all blacks or kill all whites or claiming supremacy.. It seems to be an issue of ISLAM, yet again..

This is just all divide and conquer... Bread and circus..
Its funny how every human being who doesn't look like the white man is a terrorist lol , but they're patriots even if they're terrorist.
so what that fat black chick was trying to say guns only belong in the hands of black people.
Huey B Newton gun club is another group of racists
If you're concerned about your community why do you have the bloods and da crypts there??  Why don't y'all get some of them good christian blacks to come down and preach some sense??  Y'all could have a revival
life is a game and the government is playing quarter back  calling  pass,  when actually all they really want to do is, run garbage down our throats.
Wow small mind people blk & wht.get a life.
Wow people don't see the meaning of this vid. These white guys were targeting harmless Muslim civilians who don't have guns or any idea about it. When they met these gun holders they got scared. they didn't curse,  yell, or point their fingers at them. They were looking for little and women to harass and abuse them.

It's a shame for Americans to allow this to happen to people who are weak and of different religion.
sing up for irak Afghanistan
if you really want to fight sign up for war!!!
this guys should be in irak.
YEP this is Texas ladies and gentlemen,which is why we have a saying that goes"Dont mess with Texas"
What's funny is they claim that they're going after radical   Muslims but they think Islam itself is radical so in other words all Muslims and Mosques are targets. Who the fuck are you to judge something you know absolutely nothing about... These idiots are the radicals. They should be thrown in prison for terrorizing innocent people based off of foolishness.
this clip is racist when it shows the white americans they play no music and when they show black americans they play music
these black folks are my hero i would love to donate
Black tape on your shotgun matters!
What happens when mother plane shows up
the BAIR went to protest the mosque and somehow the BLM made it about themselves
Need a little weed and liquor maybe a football game on wed be all good!!! Stop the non sense back and forth shits old!!!
The police don't protect you because you don't pay taxes.
stupid bullshit
you dum people deserve to be shot by cops who you think you are you don't even have education
American society gone crazy? i mean more crazy than its been B4 for it was always on the wild side now a turn for the worse big time maybe a marshal law to stop Mr Trump getting into office? i wouldn't put anything past them leeches
Oh thank fuck the bloods a crips turned..cheers for providing front line bullet catchers....fuckin idiots.
these whites on the intro are tdrrorist ! not these muslims
that shit ant loaded guaranteed!! haha haha f.o.h
ohh just have a shoot out already
everyone in this video is a strait up racist two packages said it best he pointed in the camera and said in order for things to get better you gotta check the racist in you and he ment whoever is watching his interview now thats real so the only way change is to love one another for who we are iam made us all Jesus saved us all so show love
This is stupid division instead of unity against radical islam.
Just wait till the Muslim Brotherhood is declared to be a terrorist organization....We will get rid of that scum!
why the emotional rapper music and beats when the black people talk???????
2:30 Xray got out of Camp Greenlake!
and pop goes the weasel
If you have to wear a mask than whatever you're doing is wrong and you know it.
I think the guy in the black shirt should take off that necklace. .Jesus Christ  is peace
This  is stupid.  All of them  should have just had a beer, shook hands and went on their way...
Don't be fooled. Islam's whole premise is to conquer the world by whatever means possible. They all read from the same book.  It's a mid evil govermental dictatorship that hides behind a religion.
booga booga
We got bloods and crypts here lol
Ye old dirty apes need to hop on ye old boat and float back to whatever 3 world dirt crap hole they came from!!!!
Dare to think for yourself weather you believe I was or not. Because I never attacked one person in what I said. I explained that we would defend ourselves! And if need be bring about the destruction of this nation! Which has always attacked us. But you want to talk about grammar like a child. And for your information I have always had trouble with pressing this small buttons on this phone. Being a large man it tends to happen. But you don't know me at all! And only a fool or a coward talks about another man unless he's willing to meet him face to face. Maybe your that man?! But I doubt it. But if you are we could arrange something. I believe in telling someone something to their face than this cowardly trolling shit! I would much rather meet talk. Or if your feeling yourself?! Well I'm not hard to find. Oh my father fought for this country to. He was in the navy. He was in during WW2. When we could only be cooks or cabin boys. He rose from that to being one of the first black naval officers. You could never have gone thru what he did boy! I had a brother in special forces during Vietnam another in airborne. My fought in WW2 won a bronze star for bravery. And came home in a cattle cars because white boys like you would rather sleep with German prisoners of war than black American's. Would rather eat with your enemies than to treat us as equals. And people like you paid him back by killing him! Because a black man in uniform offended you! So good grammar or not boy don't you ever question it! Unless you're man enough to do it to my face! Any other way is cowardly!
...how come the homies can't speak english
wana be mexicans
How many of your members are felons?
These brainless zombies is doing exactly what Obama needed for him to declare martial law and lockdown America for FEMA Camps! WAKE THE FUCK UP PEOPLE!! All these protesters need to realize that's Obama need all these riots and chaos an excuse to declare martial law! This needed to stop and go home spend as much time with ur kids and love one cause time is very short people! Stay safe and enough with the hate! It's time to love one another!
this looks like a bunch of idiots trying to look tough, definitely dumb as hell
that lady at the ends makes the most sense, adding more guns doesn't equal safety.
Black peoples breath stink!
There's more hate in the comments than in the video. Time for some popcorn!
gun the nazis down.
I fought for this country. Being ex special forces I fought for freedom! But when you whites think you can just come to our communities like you have that right is ignorant racist and stupid! Stupid because you have never help in any way what so ever. You do it to see if we will fight back! I think Trump winning was the best thing for us! Because it clearly shows who our real enemy is! YOU! You always have been. And like fools we thought you would be fair equal and honest. We were wrong ever to trust you. But know this if we can't have true freedom no one will! And before any of you think I mean fighting and winning!  I don't!!! Some times you must destroy enough to weaken your enemy to the point he is vulnerable to his other enemies! And make know mistake America has plenty! Lol! Even your allies don't like you. Know country can stand against enemies with in and outside it's border. So keep pushing keep threatening our people! And we will make sure America is just a empty husk! Sometimes you have to burn it all down! Leaving nothing. For something better to come from it! And you don't need a job or education to do that! I'm already training some young brothers who fear nothing! They have lived with life and death all of their lives! Most already know what it is to be shot! Survival is what they do! You play in the woods! They live it! And teaching them to channel that rage! So when unleashed nothing will stop it! To tell you the truth I can't wait for all of you to FUCK up! And you will. Arrogance and pride will be your down fall! Like all empires! THEY ALL FALL!!!!
they should just let all those idiots shoot it out get rid of all this scum
direct quote from the last frame of this video " I don't care what color you is"
to the "patriot"  white person involved  in these groups why do you had your face if the first amendment  protects you as you say? If you are a man of convictions  why hide your face?
studies show these blacks have an average IQ in the upper range of mental retardation.
Bummer, I was hoping for alittle "Spray and Pray"
Why do they always make blacks seem like idiots on t.v. They purposely film the most inarticulate, toothless black people.
esse pais j esta destruido , esto dividido os EUA J PERDERAM A GUERRA DENTRO DE CASA
All those guns and no one got shot. Peaceful (albit loud on one side) protest.
Its funny because the black guys with guns have far more in common with the white guys with guns than not. They both support the constitution, they both love guns, they both have gun clubs and they both want to protect their people and rights. Yet their are on opposing sides.... lol
looks like a bunch of ignorance Gang bangers and white power group doing very dumb stuff people like them is what is getting all our gun right took away plum ignorant
when shit will hit the fan.........oh boy! but soon......soon
does anyone see a difference here..... "we gots the crips and bloods and blm". fucking trash Ass people.
Black lives matter with the Crips and the Bloods. that about sums up the BLM movement. All criminals
The lady in blue at the end knows what's up!
fucking idiots sheep heads americans for fuck shake god damn it
Ah stupid there are 2 factions of Islam the iraticals (terrorist like isis or al cieda) then there's the actual Muslims who are peaceful
African American National Guard.
+Jesse Fest Thank you sir for your service
terrorism fighting terrorism aint that a bitch
what the fuck did I just see? I'll tell you... poorly misrepresented bullshit disagreement from BOTH SIDES. I'm white. I hate everything. And I love it too. I
It just depends on what happens that day... every race backs up it's own. the Fucked up part, we're too fuckin ARROGANT as AMERICANS to see that we're being infiltrated from within and that fighting amongst ourselves is what "they" want. I respect the man, not the color. if you don't like that, FUCK YOU!
Wow! America has become a war zone. May God have mercy!
Theses blacks are racist.
I have never met a white supremacist that is right. hate is wrong period. black, white, pink, green, if you believe your color is above others you are wrong.
It seems like it was only yesterday we were all witnessing the magical beer summit in the rose garden.....We have come so far.
sign me up it about time we take back our county from the Government Media who on the side of Islam Muslim who want to kill us or force us into Muslim take back our freedom fight back against them please America our way of life is at stake
yes, because the best thing for those two opposing sides would be conflict...the outcome is so much more better than "peace"....refer to my thumbnail to see my distain
Dis bout da Kommunity? LOL
LMFAO HAHAHA they should be brandishing toy space guns lol
Fucking terrorists, can't believe they are allowed in America.
I find it hard to believe that these BLM/NOI apes are carrying legally. Maybe someone check EVERYONE'S permits!
the black folks got the cribs and blurrys out there, smh,, do you think anyone is gonna trust gangs out there? look,,I have a very hard time trusting anyone and that means anyone but I absolutely have a very hard time trusting black folks.. they seem to represent violence and disorder and can't go about things in a real honest way,,, are you offended?? DON'T CARE
Wow, I can hardly believe that the" Huey P. Newton Gun Club" representative just admitted that they are a racist hate group. Glad they finally did, it's about time.
You have the bloods and crips there armed with guns (aggressively) and wonder why police are shooting? Is it white people at fault in this situation?
THE ENEMY OF MY ENEMY IS MY FREIND!
fvck you racist cousin fvckers!
You can't even clean up your own community how can you preach. I don't care what color you is... ha ha point proven
Which means you got 20% Neanderthal DNA
This is so stupid.What's the point of any of this? Going out and looking for trouble is stupid.
When tha cracka comes up in da hood and tells you to load up, yo ass is gettin in da truck.
so can anyone  tell me why the black people  got angry  ?   it looked like they where all there for the same reason  ?
funny how  when everyone  had guns nobody got hurt  !!!   now there was a real social  experiment ! !!!
"I don't care what color you is." Well that's ghetto talk for you.
1:20 does bruh have a blunt in his hand? 
of course it went off peacefully, an armed society is a polite society .
I love this shit....all I saw were some very scared militia members to scared to show their faces...hilarious....the shit got real for you all scared  white supremacist...
white people are scared of the black man because the white man knows the truth. the black genetics are dominant to the white genetics. black people have been held back by these white people such as putting us in lower classed neighborhood's the ghetto poverty with shitty schools because they know the black brain is a powerful brain so they dumb us down with entertainment such as sports movies rap music etc etc. don't get me wrong there are a lot of very gifted white people with great hearts these are the white people who wouldn't proceed to engage in a so called race war. black people are so much more athletic so much more naturally gifted black people can do and learn things at a dramatic rate but the reason we don't is because the white man needs us at our worse. white people are in denial and always will be this is why they teach false history this is why they teach racism this is why they demonize the black people if black people had the same resources as the white man the black man would thrive in a big way but that's not what the white man wants why don't the white man want this because they fear the dominant black genetics sorry but it's the truth!!! I'm not racist my wife is white my best friends are white my best friends mother is white who treats me like a son and like I said the whites with the heart of gold would never engage in a race war
as the bankers run off with all the assets.   god we're fucking stupid.
damn how ignorant.  George Soros is laughing his ass off at hoe he stirred this shit up.  the truth is we are all on the same side and the media is merley keeping us distracted.

keep watching tv...keep fighting.      if i were there id go shake hands with the black and white folks.......common ground is 2nd ammendment.
The cops should have checked every gun in the "Huey p. gun club" while they were there, they would have been able to return a ton of stolen firearms to their rightful owners.
This is one fucked up country. You don't bring guns in a protest rally. What the fuck is wrong with you people? In my country you can get arrested for that. What is it with you and your guns.
everyone let's be honest here BLACK DICK MATTERS LMAO
All human Lives matter and we all have the same Father.Racism is f'ing stupid!
"We are using our Second Amendment rights" No, no you are not. The Second Amendment clearly states that Americans can bear arms as a part of "a well regulated militia". I wonder who he would be willing to regulate his gun use as per the Second Amendment he claims to support? What's that? No Government regulation at all? Then you by definition carry guns, but do NOT support the Second Amendment. You are just a scared violent dude with an assault weapon threatening to take matters into your own hands as vigilantes.
"don't matter what color they is"
When Trump becomes president, the Navy SEALS will take care of all of this shit.
No this nigga doesn't really have a flashlight tapped to his shotgun!?
god help us. if  humans ever needed  your help, it s now
Most these people(on both sides) need to wage a war on carbohydrates
What about all the videos whining about blacks not being able to exercise their 2nd ammendment rights because of systemic racism ?????
Looks like i'm coming to texas if shit gets real
big mama there too...
Lol these animals call the white people kkk racists yet they are part of the terrorist group "black lies murder", you people need to understand the meaning of double standard because your doing everything these white people are doing, im sorry i forgot it's your black privilege to do so right?  lol you people need to open your eyes and realize your the problem not us.
Electrical tape is how I always mount accessories to my weapon.......
wow.
these blacks here are so brainwashed its stupid... lotsa facepalms.....
I don't care what cuhla you is.....
Hmm, well at least the black folks protecting as Islamic masque could rally gang members to help. Smh
Why are blacks protecting radical Muslims? They hate AMERICANS.
A war between black poor people and white poor people is stupid,we are the pawns,the elite will sacrifice us while they gain more power and money.Working class white people as well as working class black people have been sold out by the 1% the difference is black people have always knew the system was not fair.Now white people are feeling the reality  of the fact,so the elite manipulate white people to think it's black or hispanics that is the reason they are not living the american dream,but tell me one black or hispanic person who had the power to send any job to china or anywhere else.If we're dumb enought to kill each other,then we should all die,but before the killing start think about the CHILDREN.We must focus on the one's who really sold us out.
You believe propaganda lies
Look what has become of this country,like the Middle East or like some third-world war zone.What is all this?....all due to one crazy election
Saying black power is racist itself,they're are there to empower blacks. Those white guys are there to protect the constitution with there 2 amendment right against the Nation of Islam. Did we forget what Islam teaches there nation about the west??
I spotted a Willie Wonka character in this clip, did you
Everyone in GB, depending on region or city, have similar accents. On the other hand, in 'Murica -- people of different races living on the same street, attending the same schools have different accents.
So let me get this straight. This went from a hell ya, I'm a patriot and I want Islam abolished, to a joke of a race war? what happened to the mosque?
Just to make sure you realize that there are more Hispanics Asians and whites so you guys just keep playing your racial game and see what happens because I was never a racist but I am slowly becoming because of the way you act and the things that you do hope everyone wakes up before it's too latefor the white people racism was almost over and told black lives matter started worst thing you could ever do what is wrong with all lives matter and fight for all lights instead of just one race you won't do that because you're a bunch of racist pigs you will get yours someday
racist peakerwoods
In The Immortal Words of The Real American Hero and Patriot George Corley Wallace: SEGREGATION NOW, SEGREGATION TOMORROW, SEGREGATION FOREVER !!! (it worked great for well over 100 years !)
YOU FUCKIN` SHAKAZULU`S IS GOIN` DOWN.... YOU REALIZE U`S OUTNUMBERED,DDD?
People really shouldn't wear camo to protests like these, it makes it too hard to see them! It's like they're not even there......
I'm Canadian, so my question is legitimate, how is it that after being in America for centuries, blacks still cannot grasp the very basics of English yet? I realize it's not all of them drowning in their own ignorance, but so many...... is your education system that bad??
how bout you guys go after the the fukking so called jews.... they are the ones behind all... ALL of this bullshit!!!
The white guys said theY came to shoot what happened THEY change there mind ,,,any fool know they were not going to make it out alive once the shooting  starts,...I GUESS THEY THOUGHT There guns were going to scare them,
I think it's time for another public Qur'an burning a big stack of them Oh Yeah LMFAO
when you come to war be sure to bring high explosive  to level the playing field. ?....these devils really think we are scared
why was this not news worthy, other than it was peaceful and not ratings for the news. you had bloods and crips together without blood shed. i don't agree with any hate group but there was no blood shed. that should have been all over the news.
this is not the way to settle differences people !
What is it Halloween? Why the fuck are they dressed in pseudo military gear, to blend in with all the nonexistent wilderness?
$900 gold necklace with a $200 shotgun and a $10 flashlight held on with electrical tape..... that's your go to war shotgun? I would suggest he not try to fight a race war against gun loving White boys, because we are about that pew pew life.
Funny how when everyone is packing, there is no shouting.
Wrong on Race: The Democratic Party's Buried Past... This book would help blacks stop letting liberals control them.
 the one guy had a flashlight taped to his Mossberg 
United States of Mogadishu
The white guys actually train with guns... they will smoke the black fuckers
so what do you consider the klan who's been around longer
Screaming black power in public, is every bit as moronic as standing in public screaming white power!!  Jackasses grow up!
violence is an abomination to america.
jesus christ is the answer my brother.
muslims are indeed an abomination to america.
a bunch of monkeys, white and black, proceed to throw shit at each other until, alas! you're both covered in shit, and look like idiots.
Okay, if black groups (criminal gangs, etc) are going to back their nationwide assault on whites (hugely disproportionate black-in-white crime, etc) with firearms and more threats, with government still doing nothing, open warfare is pretty much the only remaining option. We will not continue to be victimized by criminals, criminal gangs, and similar.
Lmao this shit hilarious.
is that a blunt in his hand?
all these people are pathetic
Racist mother fuckers screamin "black power"... ignorant as fuck talkin about they want "equality" ... yea sure, that shit sure shows as you scream "black power" you stupid fucks.
I don't care what color you is ! LOL
Strange... their all in camo but I can still see them perfectly!  Here's an idea... why dont you pack up and drive to NYC were all the real terriost are? I dont know the exact address but somewhere around Wall Street!
I love to wear RealTree in the city. SEXYYY.
Both sides are equally ignorant troublemakers. Go home ya idiots.
The time has come to take the trash out and destroy black lives matter and associated savage scumbag pandemic virusus as they represent and present a clear and present danger to humanity!!!
the blacks are at it again
Why is it that blacks always scream, yell, use profanities and seems very disorganized, while their white opponents are calm and focused?
The klan is the oldest counter terrorist in America,and only reason why the panthers even exist was to protect themselves from the first counter terrorist which is the klan.The black panthers aren't known for lynching and killing the mass.
shit like this is disgusting. We are all people period. Please wake up!
they are all idiots stop fighting each other and start fighting the problem that caused this the terrorist if you're American you shouldn't be fighting Americans besides this is what they want order out of Chaos martial law so stop fighting each other and turn the strength in direction it belongs
ahhaaha that's funny
Flash light taped to pump is EPIC
Can't wait for the end it's so close.
pass out job applications ! run their names and see how many are on aid and felon's !  pack a truck with fried chicken and pied Piper them to camp FEMA !
what a bunch of whiney Bitches
white version of Isis.
This motherfucker is talking about the bloods and the crips like they are some kind of legitimate political group. The stupid insanity going on in this country is astounding.
did that dude have a cheap little flashlight taped to his shotgun?
black people never learn.. keep triggering whitey and watch him exterminate you. It's been happening since the time of dawn and it always will. Whitey is the dominant race on this planet. Deal with it. If you start killing caucassian americans just because they white, we here in Europe will come aid them in a fight because theyre our people.
Someone tell that sloth at the end to learn how to speak.
If they had full time jobs they wouldn't have time to stand in the street all day slinging a gun! Unbelievable. Poor me......everyone's out to get me....
stupid people dis well be over soon because GOD is tired off this
What color you is??   speaks for itself!
is that a fucking flashlight taped to the shotgun? lmao
poor dog they turning the poor dog to a hater like them too
The "tactical flashlight" on that guys shotgun is held on with electrical tape! LMAO
Please, hold off on antagonizing or fighting these people.  Obama is silent for a reason.  If we engage in war with these filthy disgusting people, Obama, Clinton and Soros win.  They are silent for  a reason.  They are waiting for us to step up and take things into our hands, then they will institute martial law.  PLEASE, everyone, just for now, hold your peace.  PLEASE.   I agree these people are the bane of our society.  They think they are taking a stand.  They are nothing more than tools being used to upset society and cause chaos.  They are not powerful, they are not useful and they are not relevant, unless we empower them by becoming violent and giving Obama reason to implement martial law.   Do not play into the hands of the elitist, self serving, filthy, "corrupt" government that still holds office right now.  PLEASE, wait.
I agree with the lady at the end. It seems like all the groups are just hoping for trouble. I think that there is that unites us than there is which divides us. Unfortunately, we all tend to only focus on the divisions.
"Bloods, crips and black lives matter.  Everyone is here."

lol!!  Do they realize how fucking shitty that makes the black community look.
And exactly when did the NOI ever cause terror in America?
i do every day
South Dallas is more like south Africa. Crime ridden, 3rd world, high black on black homicide.
Google = BLACK WALL STREET OF THE 1920's 
Bottom line.....my Black people.....if you EVER want to understand just how "HORRIBLE" these WHITE DEVILS ARE.....Go to Google, and type in the search engine, BLACK WALL STREET OF THE 1920's......and click on the first one......start reading.....AND, I MUST WARN YOU.....WHAT YOU READ WILL MAKE YOU WANT ALL OF THESE WHITE DEVILS HEADS ON A FUCKIN PLATTER, IF YOU ARE REALLY ABOUT YOUR PEOPLE.....WHAT YOU WILL "ENCOUNTER WHILE READING THIS," WILL OPEN YOUR EYES AND MIND, TO "EXACTLY" JUST HOW PURELY EVIL MOST WHITES ARE......BEFORE YOU GOOGLE THIS, I'M TELLING YOU, WHAT YOU READ, WILL FOREVER CHANGE YOUR ENTIRE LIFE......Google = BLACK WALL STREET OF THE 1920's, and click on the first "one"........GOOD LUCK, AND TRY & STAY CALM !!!!!!!!!!  #BLACKWALLSTREET1920'S
That guy said we have blm the bloods and crips?these are the scum that need to be exterminated like cockroaches asap.
When you read about HP Newton you realize that he was a real Communist. He followed the Communist Manifesto and worshiped Stalin. These dumb idiots worship him and they don't know a real fact about the man.
"Dem muzz-limz be on our side". No, they aint, theres still black slaves in the Middle East. Fucking idiots.
What the hell is going on.  People have lost their damn minds.  I'm talking about both sides.
The MEPS rejects......
whites always trying to tell everyone what to do
gay!!!
Your republic is done.
just a bunch of black people with nothing better to do
que empiese la valazera .puro blabla
dumbasses
is that dude smoking a cigarillo?
all these white mfs running around like they real....fucking racist clown...what about the kkk....fuck these white mfs, they run up lay them down..
Everybody just stop, tripping, tripping, tripping , wise words from, you guessed, MJ.
I like that flashlight mount lol
if all black American had known the constitution back in the sixties was created around there right to bear arms all the shit they suffer would be settled by the bullet but we are not a nation of people that are warmonger's and you can't built something in someone who were not born with it white folk were born to be warmonger's
Is that wildlife reserve thing still going on?, the Bureau of Land Management (BLM), needs to settle this thing, it's getting out of hand.,...Government agency, or not, this rioting has got to stop!, warn them to stop, then start shooting if they don't move., Who's running that department of BLM anyway., Trump needs to look into this, and replace whoever is running BLM now.
Im with the sister in the blue mumu
The only sane person in this video is the black woman a@4:16
Ok, these black people really think they would survive if the muslims where in control? HAHAHA you idiots would been wiped out ASAP. Start using your so called brain please! Screaming "BLACK POWER BLACK POWER" fucking parasites you are just the same as the whites screaming "WHITE POWER WHITE POWER" power hungry worms
Both sides: You idiots fail to see that the real enemy are the jewish zionists who push for open borders and cultural marxism among the blacks. You are doing exactly what the zionist occupied government (ZOG) wants you to do.
1:06 "different from", not different "than". Thank u.
that small minority of the black community. I would be willing to bet that more than half of those hood rats are prohibited by law from having guns
lol the NOI is the same as orthodox Islam smh funny but sad
Lock n Load boys!!!!
almost everyone talking hate, the Lord is not gonna put up with this for much too long...all these ppl with hate in their heart....God is love. it's sad bcuz nobody is paying attention to what's going on around us.
Here's an idea? Why don't they take these macho war games to the Utah salt flats?
I love how the blacks have the shitty maverick  88s with cheap Nebo flashlights fucking taped to the gun. If a real race war ever happens, blacks are fucked and you all know it.
"I don't care who you is". smh
bunch of white pussies walking around dressed up to scare ppl....look at their faces @ 2.48 and compare that to the boys @ 2.50.....cant even show their faces hahaha

go home to ur mommies cucks!
i would bomb the south in self defense if i could black churches are still targeted.
k.k.k. use to bomb black churches. i understand history would repeat it self if white supremacists could let it repeat it self.
These albinoid recessive gene cave demons better stay in there crakkka towns or end up in a coffin no doubt!!!
Like to see how long a inocent Democratic freedom loving white woman in a short dress lasts in that group before having her mouth filled for the cause.
a gun club that endorses the bloods and crips!!! wow
So, the white people went to protest and intimidate a NOI temple and were met with resistance from counter-protesters? Sounds constitutional to me.

There are a lot of assumptions being drawn from this video that I'm clearly not understanding.
fuck islam fuck muslims and most of all fuck BLM!!!!
dm mfs white racists mfs scared as shit
dammit America is fuck up country brainwashed mother fuckers
Dumbland 
why does the white man think they are so fucking superior  God will show you Edomites in the end
I hope that woman in the blue at the end has a licence to carry those concealed jumbo titties hahaha
1:01 "they r a domestic terrorist group then anything" says a guy witha skeleton ski mask lol..moron.
STAND"PROTECT  WATER/AIR/FUTURE! ! Cause without those two things,THE PLANET STARVES!!!!
Not all Muslims are bad.
Let me guess the trump protesters are gonna be looked at as Islamic terrorist. Prophecy fulfilling right in our eyes, get ready for the race wars and you can thank that racist trump for that. Remember you so called blacks, Hispanics of negro and Indian decent, native Americans are the Israelites.

Shamu wears blue
you're about to get wiped out if you don't fucking get it that's all I have to say
SMH since the inception of this nation, powerless people have been divided by the powerful. We are all victims of government dogs and corporate oppressors. The day groups like these unite under one banner is the day we bring liberty back to our country.
what about the kkk?
White people always starting problems with every race religion n nation fuck the white piece of bird shit race i hope they all go to hell except maybe a few wh are good fucking disgusting fucker racist shits i hate you to death!!!
I knew blm was a gang
1776 forged this nation's freedom.  1776 is the only thing to reset it.
let's get it on!!!
Showed up with guns and mask, and don't want violence. Just stay at home next time and leave Muslim's, black people, etcetera the hell alone.

Or, instead of standing there, do something. Just quit acting like a bunch of bitches.
What does Chubb Rock think he is going to do with a shotgun?
Of course muz would murder the dumb ignorant alcoholic dope smoking baby makin' blacks down quick as or quicker than the whites 
This shows exactly what a bunch of ignorant racists blacks are.. listen to them speak.. they can't even speak proper English..
Just as I thought: ALL TALK and No shooting. You can have all the talking and flashing of your weapons as much as you want BUT If you never saw action like those US Veteran soldiers who served at least 2 tours in Iraq Mosul jalalabad Tikrit Abu Graib and Baghdad, you're really doing nothing. This is the case from these black people.
I bet one side there can't shoot for shit...and the other shoots very, very well ;)
quack, quack, quack, quack
1:20 I think most liberals filter this part out
Funny thing is, radical islamists wouldn't think for one second about killing an American Black...
wow.....super disgusting! but remember... IGNORANCE IS CURABLE!!!
"Yeah I'm mad, I'm a tax payin' cilzen"
these guys should meet with the trump protestors that want illegals in this fine country
did anybody found this fucking hilarious that their leader bragging about we got"errbody dawn her" bloods crips.. the Bloods and the Crips street gangs have killed more blacks than any other group possibly could surpass
Let the fools shoot each other up all the way to hell. I don't care, just don't ask for help or tax money to rebuild.
the thing at the end it look like Barney the dinosaur head is clearly a true world leader that is borderline genius that everyone should listen to
the thing at the end it look like Barney - the dinosaur head is clearly a true world leader that is borderline genius that everyone should listen to
LOL these guys are jokes ;)
4:09 BWHAHAHAHAHA!!!
wtf we might as well purge. praise new founding fathers
Whole lotta stupid all around.
Didn't Farakan support Trump? Who are the Nation of Islam protesting against?
Trump will fix this country
If you put all those guys to a target range , I bet they could become friends . learn cleaning tips and get along.
They got the Bloods here the crypts there,theres a terrorist organazation itself,the worst enemy to a Blackman is Another blackman,These Dumbasses are Offing each other off in record numbers and there worried about a few white guys with guns lmao
why they wearing masks?
There would be more Law Abiding people at this event but they have jobs to go to the next day, unlike the bullshit speaking ignorant dumbass's talking about black lives matter. Get a job stop commiting crimes n stop all ur hate n life will be so much better. You get what you earn, i know earn is a new word for ya. SMFH
I want to join. How do I join the Huey Lewis and the news gun club?
That's the broke version of tacticool
Clash of the titans.... I mean idiots
Dude sitting shotgun has on a black hood talking about terrorists.
3:14 She's attacked by a WHAT???? 
h
The 2nd Amendment applies to all LAW ABIDING NON FELONS, not criminals who make a career out of breaking the law. Crips and Bloods are criminals, and so are the BLM individuals that start riots.
like a fucken 3rd world
just respect all peoples please.  This is stressful to viewers, the media and all peoples-please be anti hate people-mutual respect please.
Oh how I wish the Huey Lewis gun club and the Black Panties would come to Idaho. We'd plow them into the Fields and use them to Fertilize our Potatoe Crops
Is the robe look making a come back?
2 stupid groups of people
At his is stupid. Don't you think guys?
Self-made eternally pathetic souls are the loudest.
you know you're ghetto when you use electric tape to tape up a flashlight on your shotgun as seen right here ghetto 101. However 
once again dumb black trying to gather together to try or feel like they're making a difference or belief
 If your belief about Muslims been hey I strongly believe it's long overdue that you go back to the Muslim country.

honestly you strongly don't see us people protesting in a Muslim country and speaking out their rights so why do it here makes no sense.
Does the Huey P. Newton gunclub even do Math? 17% Vs. EVERYONE ELSE!
Well good to see no armed felons in both camps?
Bloods and crips.....?
They stay their asses outta north Dallas lol
I wonder if any of those thugs are convicted Felons because I'm pretty sure under title 18 USC 922 (g) they shouldn't have firearms. Him bragging about being gang affiliated could possibly get his ass a prison sentence.
"I don't care what culuh you is" lol
Did these white terrorist visit Breitbart headquarters.  Because most of the racial and terrostic propaganda is coming from them.
KLU KLUX KLAN vs THE BLACK PANTHERS.........FUCK THOSE WHITE DEVILS, PERIOD.
Really just sounds like some racist shit.
What's the best way to survive a gun attack by Black Thugs?      Stand two feet directly in front of them and don't move.
When has the Nation of Islam ever use guns and bombs? These white boys ain't nothing but a bunch of racist ass Hillbillies. They are the real terrorists from the first time they put their feet on this continent. These Sociopath Hoodlums have Selective Amnesia about that fact of history
The first guys sound like terrorist.
Lmao, this nigga literally duck tape a flash light onto his shotgun.
No one wants to be part of the Black lives matter its now adays BLACK PANTHERS
Funny guns don't belong in everybody's hands; that was the argument used to ban blackfrom own and carry guns
BLack Lives Matter are a gang of Retards, I felt embarrassed  when I hear what mental midgets they are. Obama invited those Retards to the White House. WTF . Obama should be helping the violence in his home town Chicago. Who invited the bloods and the crips and Skin heads??? That's a power keg of ignorant  Mo Fos !
You guys seem to be terrorizing the Muslims and the black community. What if armed people showed up at your local church?
If you disagree with us and your white, KKK.
bloods, crips, and BLM. All groups that kill black folks!!!
there is one big difference between to two groups and no its not the color its the fact that more white men know how to shoot. the fact that hunting is a mainly white sport means white shooters have better chances of hitting targets so the race war will be won on the fact that white groups will have better guns and will be much better shots. I have seen "black thugs" shoot and holding a gun side ways is just ignorant but of course it looks cool so a "black thug" will shoot that way lmao its hilarious and a joke that the black race could win a race war. Black people have set themselves back fifty years and it all started with a black president.
white powder! Black lies matter.
no wonder why muslims want kill non muslims in their country. the reason is cleared.
i watch alot of dumb shit but this?
Those white guys ain't go do shit they ain't got the balls
this is very disturbing. both sides are packing heavy weapons and i dont even have a one single gun. both sides claim they are American while both sides work/aid for separatism. America is heading towards another civil war
Your news is garbage .....your views are slipping....
the bad part is kkk wont fight bare hands!or at all!there always protected!hiding n when cops are arounf out there chest out!
Huey P. Newton Gun Club representative speaks.  "We got the Bloods, we got the Crips, we got the BLM, we got the Black Panthers here, all in solidarity."  Except when they are killing each other in drive by shootings.
keep it up with the hip hop music when the Black show up... classy Breitbart, very classy... can't you see both of them are morons? "muh zegont amundmaynt"... get the fuck outta here both of em!
go and fuck thies cucky anti trumpbastards up.
KKK Fuck you
how do you feel about kkk terrorist organization
And watch what u say mrcollege smart they weren't even white power people idiot
The community that said they have bloods and crips their would have been gunned down the military people are taught in that kind of situations and plus the veterans had very high powered Huns for example am 47
anti government loonies here we go
europeans are the real occupier aliens and the historic enemies of this contient, today falsely uder the false identity of americans, if you saw a bunch of filthy europeans in asia, claiming to be "THE ASIANS"  would you be that stupid to belive it. well you beleave that these european colonialzers occupiers are "THE AMERICANS" , just like africa, australia, where ever they occupy as colonizers, and always trying to reflect who they are towards each and every single non-european peoples on the planet...
Oh so bloods and crips are street organizations now. Interesting
Why do they start playing hip-hop music whenever the BAIR group starts talking
This is NOT!! the 40s 50s 60s it's the NEW REVOLUTION don't start none? it won't be none
funny thing is, these guys wouldn't be here if it weren't for slavery...this comment isn't trying to glorify slavery either.
"I'm a tax paying citizen," she said. I find that hard to believe. Shes probably the type that files a return to get money handout from government via earned income credit and child credit.
ok instead of the police standing around they should be checking gun licenses because I know those crisp and bloods have felonies so they don't have a license
you better keep it thay way,dont let the blood and crips come together pigs
This video just proves there's  dumb ass white people and black people. You can see right away who is educated and who is not.
BLACKS ARE TROUBLE MAKERS AND THUGS NOT ALL BUT FOR MOST PART.
GOOD THESE HEROES PROTECTING US......................GOD SPEED.
Nggrz look a little low on fire power
We need to get this over with, America is stalled until the nggrz are quelled.
now here is the real terrorists.  high powered assault rifles for what?.....racist mother fuckers
is the kkk also on your radar?
i have no problems with muslims, alot of people i know are muslims, i dipise jihadists aka the fake muslim
I dont get this video and the point of it.....
LOL only in Americaaaa..
amazing how they speak this way when the kkk itself is a terrorist group
homeland needs to view these tapes with BLM,BLACK POWER ,RIOTERS & ARREST THEM FOR TERRORISTIC THREATS AND VIOLENCE,    LOCK THOSE POS, SCUM SAVAGE LOW LIFE'S UP
lol if this isn't proof this fucking country needs jobs idk what is. People got too much free time.
I'm just curious how these guys featured in this video "know" random people active in their faith are some how tied to muslim extremists? I get the whole we can't trust them aspect and i agree especially after seeing how the refugees have paid Europe back by complete anarchy. But that doesn't mean all people who believe in Islam is bad....
FUCK BLACK LIVES MATTER!
COMMUNITY RESISTANCE IN PROGRESS (CRIP) BLOODS CAME AFTER TO SHOW RESPECT, ONLY THING MATTERS IS BLACK NO RED OR BLUE, TOGETHER AS BROTHERS WE WILL AWAKE AND TAKE OUR RIGHTFUL PLACE AS KINGS AND QUEENS
Is funny how he said the blood n the crip,ere the they gang members? Criminals?
why don't you all just go fishing drink a beer and chill out
BLM will go down
It has started laides and gentlemen.  
is this usa or iraq
you is? wtf kind of language
open carry and the united states constitution was sorry to say for whites the people who wrote the constitution did not want blacks to have any rights and carry weapons not that i share that view but it is what it is
we got the bloods we got the cribs.they would not ha e enough for a good drive by.
hypocritical at the very best black dudes.................
If some of these Gun Owners are from The Bloods and Crips? White Racist Groups in America Have Nothing to worry about... Because the Bloods and Crips DO NOT KILL WHITE PEOPLE IN ANY SECT OF AMERICA... They Only have The Balls to Kill Each Other in Drive Bys and shooting into crowds and Other Black People Houses while they sleep...

Killing Black Babies and Innocent Black People...

What a fucking Joke...
LOL,  he said we have the bloods and crips here.  Must be so proud to associate with drug dealing violent criminal thugs.
This will be a war no one wins.
What about kkk,neo nazi, and all others
Obama managed to get in Thousands of Islamic Muslims Terrorists, down down Americans, they have hundreds of Terrorists training camps right now here in the US, We just managed to dodge death to America if Hillary had won with her 550% increase of Syrians Muslims Terrorists,
i wonder how the balcks find time to protest with the busy schedule of robbing, selling/doing drugs, raping, and murdering
Speaking of terrorism what the hell are you doing now? isn't kill is a Sin .. you stupid guys are turning the world to a hell by doing this. You guys are the seeds of terrorism.
please do something about these god dam protests in dallas and especially the fucking pro- Palestine communists fueled protestors in dallas and mainly austin also
2:49  Idiot locking and loading / wracking the slide in the direction of his people.
Why where they saying the KKK?
Look at all of the overweight and out of shape Niggas. They need those guns because they couldn't win hand-to-hand combat if their life depended on it. Too much Popeye's Chicken. LMAO
lol
Couple things, the loud bitch saying she is a tax paying citizen lol I call immediate bullshit. Also, you know what people really need to do.....Get a frickin job!
this cops are the kkk kill thise pigs
The black side is taking pride in having gangs partake.. imagine that. Bunch of race baiting dindus'.
You is? What language is that
stupid  people around the world.
i'm a bit confused, i didn't see any face off. lots of fools posing with guns. also what the hell does bloods and crips have to do with islam? just seems like they should be out dealing drugs or pimping or something
LMFAO I don't cuuur what colour you is .... LMFAO
fuck racism fuck racism
fucking nigga
"I don't care what color you is..."
An armed society is a polite society.
Allah's apostle said "sell him to me", and he bought him for two black slaves."
This is an opportunity to pause for a moment and give thanks for the wonderful contributions of the African American community to our society. Their peaceful and generous nature make them ideal neighbors, lending testimony to their exceptional family values and parenting skills. Their commitment to academic excellence enriches our schools and serves as an example to all who hope to achieve prominence as a people. Real estate values are fueled by the infusion of African Americans into an area. A reflection of the care and respect they show these communities and the respect they have earned through their enthusiasm for self improvement, hard work and self-reliance. Without that industriousness and creative drive, we would be poorer as a nation. 

Oh wait. Asian-American. I meant Asian-American. My mistake I apologize
I've seen the duct tape thing on Left for Dead and im not judging him.
Both sides are retarded here.
they look like a bunch racist old cunts
Yall tryna fuck with the nation of islam? lol good luck.
Black Lives DONT Matter
Ppl would be lucky to have neighbors like these fellas
White bitches soften up...lllmao
The radical left blacks came with there whole armies while conservative God loving right came with just there elders/grandfathers. Too bad white folks have way more guns and fire power. As a black man, the white folks represent me and my rights, not nation of islam or hitlery loving shills
Wait I'm so confused  so us black people are terrioist ?
probably the most uneducated dumb fucks ive ever seen, if all muslims were terrorists then we'd all be dead considering there are over a billion muslims world wide. fucking stupid rednecks
White folks actually kill a lot of cops & let's just look back at the Planned ParenthOod in Colorado,  RacistWhiteRightWingChristian man who was watching g Fox News went inside, held hostages, killed 3 civilians & 1 police officer. Timothy McVey in the 90s, another RightWing racist white guy blew up the Oklahoma Federal Building killing over a hundred people including a lot of children in the day care center. 
Most mass shootings in America are carried out by Crazy White men or teenage boys. 
Representative Kathy Gifford was gunned down by a racist right wing racist who also killed a cop and even managed to murder a 5 year old girl
Fake!
here Latinos for Trump present and for USAs bwst interest
this kids are just talk..
White terrorist have funding groups. Do blacks have a right to protect themselves as do whites do. Do Arabs in Arabia have a right to protect themselves from American Imperialism. How can you white men be so damn stupid as hell. It is ridiculous how much hate and contempt you white supremacist have for everyone who wont think like you do. I don't have your history and will never have your history. My history is from America and not from Europe.
stating the obvious here... they brought guns cuz "everybody got guns in this neighborhood" are u kidding me blueberry kool-aid lady
So basically, absolutely nothing was accomplished?  Good work taking no action to make a difference, while obviously attempting to intimidate each other.
that one guy has a sawed-off shotgun with a taped on flashlight that's like bringing a knife to a gunfight especially when the other guys have AR-15 what a moron
well that was stupid
These fuckers will cry #BlueLivesMatter but it will be those very blue lives who come to take your guns.
It is time to start purging these worthless black sub-humans.
all i am saying is those  white boys looked scared ,,when the odds get even close to even white men get scared
dAmn some racist blacks and whites commenting on this one.
the 5 or 6 negros in this video talking about some huey newton gun club probably work for the cia. huey newton himself was murdered in the hood by a black person as well as the intelligent malcolm x was murderered by a black person. everytime im in public and see a dark and light human being in a relationship i smile. racism is mind control.
white man is dumb terrorist are the police and military NOT MUSLIMS YOU FUCKING NAZIS
Guess who invented those clothes?Where did that German Shepherd come from?Who made the internet,the telephone,cotton clothing,and television?The white man
Us black people have been slaved and hated this all for no God damn reason why? Because the south lost the civil war? Because we're brown? It pains us we're sick of being gunned down. ww2 a black man did a heroic act but he did not get a metal because he was black why?

http://abcnews.go.com/US/negro-day-hero-overlooked-medal-honor-lawmaker/story?id=35111460  we just want equals
Its easy!! Do not call 911.. The problem is you say  they are the problem but when you need help who do you call??      Search for Martial Law and Fema Camps in the America...
It's ok to terrorize Muslims and go to their places with guns but it's not ok to do the opposite
oh nice gang bangers nice to expose your kids on such positive role models..Black ppl your destrying your own race u dont need the white man for that!
American terrorism 
radicals knows no religion


stupid radicals 
you have the right just like Isis

fuck radicals from both sides
when you have a good life...RACISM doesnt exist!!!
when you have a good life...RACISM doesnt exist!!!
bunch of black hooligans,riff raft
when you have a good life...RACISM doesnt exist!!!
LOL "white power"? Whatever.
YELLOW POWER is more like it: they'rewicked smarter than you (Jews, too), been around longer and have older, more established civilizations, they outnumber whites, and they know how to comport themselves in an international context (without having to resort to dragging the rest of the world into their petty world war conflicts).
Nope, whites had their chance to make good when they got all belligerent and tried to take over the world in the name of Western Civilization, and they dropped the ball when they started sticking their noses into everyone else's business. But yall will figure it out when that so-inflicted so-called "white genocide" finishes with you... next time either have more kids, learn to adapt to environmental changes or try not to be such tribalistic DICKS the next time you go all imperialistic.
Haha Africans don't like us but like all our technology and our dogs too, with out western influence they will still be running around naked in Africa
U.S in 2016. I'm so sad right now.
There's definitely something wrong with anyone that would support a child molester with absolutely no political background SAD
THE KKK, POLICE, FBI , JIM CROW , ARE  SOME OF THE BIGGEST TERRORIST GROUPS IN THE U.S. THE PANTHERS ARE AN ORGANIZATION THAT HELPS DEFEND THE SAFETY OF MY PEOPLE BUT WHAT YOUR MEDIA DOES IS DEMONIZE INNOCENT PEOPLE  AND TRY TO MAKE THE MONSTER'S LOOK INNOCENT
Gonna kill eachother like fucking idiots...u forgot what you stand for..
language warning! (some people in this video don't talk right, which you might find offensive) - "i don't care what color you is, guns do not belong in everybody hands"
i like to call it Is-Lame
Where do I sign up good job guys keep up the good work there are 20 believed Muslim terrorist communities in America what they don't want are highly trained ex veterans of all American ethnicities that would love to deal with theese very real security threat groups
The mosque sign read "join the movement" !?  Didn't know Islam was a movement
Duct tape on a shotgun? 
That's a first.
white people seem to trouble everyone  can they ever settle somewhere in the world without causing conflict
How IRONIC, all these idiots at BAIR know all about who are "terrorists" EXCEPT themselves! They are coming to places that do not concern them, bearing arms and they have the nerve to talk about TERROR lol. They learnt that day!! #hueynewtongunclub #BLM #NOI
lol the whites thought they were bad and the got pussy out of there
America is fucked in the inside
we need to focus on the real issue which is the radical Muslim groups. black white don't matter what color you are. we need to be united for the same cause. this is our country not there's . stand to fight side by side to get rid of this cancer that plagues our country.
the electrical tape on the shotgun is perfect lmmfao
Fuck bLM and fuck the black panthers
Fuck bLM and fuck the black panthers
When they said our streets. No it's the tax payers streets. Black panther is a racist hate group
the irony of the second ammendment being the shield and the first ammendment being the sword..
"Community" = Bunch of angry fuckers hanging around, one slender thread away from rioting, looting, and destroying their own neighborhood.
We're doomed.
funny how the people against the mosque blame the leaders of the mosque for making them take their guns to the protest.
Its is Wahhabi/Salafi version of Islam that came from Saudi Arabia. That what you need to worry about!
a bunch of ignorant fucking idiots man. I'm not too sure BLM, radical Islamists, or anyone wants a race war. wouldn't end well for a lot of these half-literate, own "language" creating folks
Those dumb as rocks negros with their ni_g_r rigged weapons and shoplifted ammo, against organized whites with state of the art weapons? First of all, the negros will scatter when the first shot goes off anyways, then they will all hide in their Hillary provided housing projects.

I wish this country can really come back together! As American not black,white,brown, red,yellow just. Red,White and blue!
the police do not want ether of your groups
Black folks are so out of touch, they keep acting out they will get acted on, blacks are awakening the Sleeping Giants. The ones that created reality ,Idiots!
The worst creation that was ever created was mankind
How come the police always breakup protesters (black and white) against Islam, but NEVER breakup muslims protesting over the most trivial, be it a drawing of Mohamed or not getting their own way to getting ANOTHER bloody mosque.
they are just peacefully protesting agianst islam and its extremest and those fucking thugs want to call them racist because their white and they cant thing of something more intelligent to say
those counter criminals just looking for trouble need to just fucking die aka the black racist.
we got all the fucking criminals that need to die out hear
How many wars have the United States really WON without help, think about that.
@4:10 She says I don't care what colour you is???  WTF?? Yous needs da get aaaa edumaction.
coming to somebodys neighborhood geared for war?    covering your faces?  fucking cowards. I love the 2nd amendment
So people try to intimidate innocent people but when the victims try to defend theirselves without violence becuase no one fired, their racist. Just leave people alone and this would never happen. Stop being bigots.
I've seen interviews with the present day Ku Klux Klan.  I would feel safer around them than I would around the black hate groups.
they want no violence yet they have guns
I hate all muslums, they disgust me
The whites came to protest a Mosque--how the hell did the idea they were KKK emerge. OR the need for Bloods and Crips to be there??
and what was achieved on that day!? quite literally nothing lol.
Was that the Huey p. Newton gun club.....?
these black people are thick idiots should of joined the bear
Just wanted to drop a friendly greeting to these fine young men in this video. Shut your boot lipped watermelon holes you stinky shit stains.
We got the Bloods, the Crips, and every other thug here....Fucking idiots have no clue about the evil cult they are protecting. Islam is a declaration of war on all non muslims and  the koran is Islam's war manual.  Either you fight against Islam and remain FREE, or you submit and live as a dhimmi.  Don't be a dhimmi......DUMMY.
Those hoodrats wont live for long then the good citizens comes and clean up the streets :) Fuck those clowns xD
soon all white men being raped in America
The black panther movement had fucking bombings.  This is some pussy shit.
how can u say go back to Africa well go back to bloody England mate
That's wrong you stupid bitch. Guns belong in everyone's hands
typical black folks screaming and crying crying jumping up and down you guys almost had a massacre War those guys are prior military, people always screaming racist you don't get your way
As a white man from the Deep South and from racist parents... my brothers in Vietnam were white, blacks, hispanics, Asians; we killed together, we fought together and cried together.... and I'll never forget Corporal Reeves, a black man who saved my life in the middle of a rice field. Yes, I'm old, what the hell happened to my country? I remember the 60s and all the turmoil back at home about race, hippies, weed... But what's going on now.... I thought we have moved forward, my children friends have all colors; my oldest son first girlfriend was a wonderful latina girl from Puerto Rico. My neighbors are black, white, latinos, Asians and Hindus... I'm in my 70s and not too much time left.... Please stop!
2:05--You look really tactical with a pump held on your shoulder with a duct taped on dollar store flashlight next to your fake leather Fodor's.
the stupidity is boiling over!!!
a time when bloods and crips kinda unite....... i feel like a lot of future killings about to take place. soon.
It's going to be interesting to see how it all pans out!
Your a tax payer with welfare money, sooooooo not really the same;0
Question.. I'm from Holland. Can somebody explain to me why Black Panthers where guns in public, they are called criminals and thugs. 
While if some white people walk around with guns, take over a federal building and threaten to kill Agents they are just protesters for the second Amendment 
This is a real question, i don't try to troll someone..
ahhh blm for gun control at the end, now i see why they exist
I do not condone racism in the least. I am however sick of having it thrown in my face daily that I am racist by minorities projecting their own racist views on me. I'm sick of this whole bull shit lie that blacks can't be racist, gays can't be bigots, and women can't be sexist. If you're going to bring it then bring it. And I will stand my ground as a man. Notice no race was mentioned. I will resist and I will fight to survive as is my right as a member of the HUMAN RACE.
This guy keeps talking about Huey Newton.Does he even realize that Huey Newton was hated by BGF(Black Guerilla Family) and was eventually killed by another black man in the streets of Oakland. I guess being killed by another black man is not too shocking. Black people should realize the fact they are safer with white people than black people.The ignorant think racism is the real problem.WAKE UP!!!! Get off the plantation they been keeping you on. Opportunity is there for people of all color if you work for it.
I HATE FUCKING TEXAS!! DUMBASS TEXANS!! EVERYBODY GOT BLOOD IN THIER EYE LOOKING TO START SHOOTING! WE REALLY SHOULD KICK EM LOOSE FROM THE STATES N SEE HOW TEXAS COCKSUCKERS B/W COWARDS REALLY ACT!! ANARCHY DAILY!! they true haterz!!
black lives matter every life should matter .you gun down inascent people. That's what the bloods do. dude grow up.
these black people are becoming like terrorism that's here in America lift up gang bangers saying it s ok and agree ing with the Muslims .that want to kill .rape Christian s what's happening to your minds u being brain washed by Luis Farrakhan a hater of America.  black Panthers. as well. white folks didn't say anything about color its about standing against this wicked people of Islam get some education people.
Blowhard blacks always acting like there tough. Just a hate filled bubble of testosterone, spewing there racist shit.These creatures are hated the world over and need to be put out of there misery.
3:54 TRUTH
Black panthers i dare you to pull the trigger, watch what happens there will be a massacre of black panzies!
Fk the black panties lol
that last lady had two midgets hiding under her shirt
Blacks with guns LEGALLY going to end bad for some innocent person.
When white guys group up and walk around with rifles, they don't have them in a ready position or handle them at all unless ordered to.
This is the third time I've seen video of black person or people with hands on guns in public and the cops miraculously don't shoot them.
Still, people claim, "if they were black they would've been shot."
Bulllshit
Black people are destroying their own lives by acting like idiots and White people are just setting back and enjoying the show!!! hahahaha!!! Popcorn anyone???
Good we should all protest
Civil war coming to a state near you..
so much racist comments here.....
Bloods and crips are GOOD SLAVES to Democrats.  Nothing better than a GOOD OBEDIENT SLAVE.
South Dallas is garbage! It use to be nice, when the majority was white people. Sad but true.
Man I like to see this stuff. People defending their nation by forming militias
Fucking low-life niggaz never done an honest days work in their life.
I like how they all dress up like pseudo soldiers. Real cringe on all fronts.
That first guy has Donald drumpf hands
Irish power .....holy fuck I want to move out of the USA,  I love my country but I'm beginning to think it's far too late to be repaired.  The social parasites (nigz) have ruined it and I think it's only gonna get worse.  Guess what nigz,  I'm Irish,  my ancestors endured far worse things than your lazy black ass could imagine,  but that was long ago and I need nothing for it.  While you try and get what you can for things that happened in the 1800s I'm planning on getting the fuck out and letting you ruin this country,  turn it into a shit hole like the countries you came from (Africa).  you fucking nigz should be great full that the Americans bought you and saved you from the shit hole that you belong,  and be mad at your own ancestors for selling your  great great great great great great great grandpa's ass.  Ireland I'm coming home
These knee grows are real brave talking shit in front of the cops who protect their sorry asses, but I notice these Black Panther Pussy's didn't make good on their threat to show up at the RNC in Cleveland with their guns, did they?!  Guess there just weren't enough cops to protect their cowardly asses from all those white people with weapons, just itching to kill ALL of these Pussy's off, LOL!
i dun cur what eva color you is guns dun belong in anybody hayuns
Bloods Crypts and BLM got together. Law abiding citizens showed up in force. No one got hurt, and not a single shot was fired. Sounds like the most peaceful event that the Bloods, Crypts, and BLM has ever attended. I think a lot more armed citizens has proven yet again to be a good thing.
too much freedom will destroy a nation.
keep up the good work!
can we all agree that all these issues stem from people with money more so then race.
this is what Hillary has inspired and encouraged..  a world where you can't go to a protest with out a gun to protect yourself from the criminal thugs..
I don't know why but I wanted to see a shootout.
For the past 2000 years seemingly every black-dominant society has been a cesspool of failed culture. Name one black dominant country that has a decent standard of living. The only exceptions are those black societies with a strong white presence, such as found in South Africa. This pattern continues in America with most black-dominant cities and towns being crime-ridden cesspools. Why this is, I'm not entirely sure, but it remains a fact. Many have considered the black race sub-human. This notion is not helped by so many of the American black population talking and acting like retarded beasts. Black pride? Exactly what is there to be proud of?
fat ugly americans feeling rambo holding big ass guns....
Wait hold up, since when can you just step into a mosque and prosecute the "leaders" of these chaples and say there a terrorist goup? Ignorance, bunch of ignorance and apologizing for being intimidating isnt shit, how about you dont go carrying guns to inocent people.
Your all idiots
so what your saying is if they were Christian u wouldnt bother them........   bullshit
"I don't care what color you is" ... LMAO
not a american flag to be found in sight on the crip,blood,blm side....hmmm
how you going to call the noi a terrorist organization when they never went to white neighborhood and killed them. they never Lynch any whites they never bombed a church full of kids. whites destroyed black wall Street bombed churches came to this country illegal Lynch raped. stole
doesn't anybody in this video have a job besides the police?
the rising of a nation has begun, Black Power
fuck that people need to.leave Muslim alone
don't all for the race baiting
These pussies need to go to Syria and fight Isis not roam around their own town trying to show off.
you wouldn't last a day in a war motherfukers!!FUCK BLACK LIVES MATTER, FUCK THE BLACK PANTHERS AND THIER FUCKING SUPPORTERS, FUCK YOU ALL
we need to point our guns at our corrupt tyrant government not each other. they did 911 and blamed Muslims. that's the real reason they hate us. when are guys going to understand. everything is going just as they planed. divided we fail.
look at how the whites act and look at the blacks. do I need to say more
thank you for what you do. God bless you and your families. We are very grateful for you.
smokin a cigar with the windows up? dink.
white people= vests, assuault rifles, black peope= electrical tape shotgun.
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA. The funny thing about American Politics is that when in the old days the racists white KKK were killing black people and Catholics in America nobody ever tried to bring them to justice, and their murderous criminal behaviour was accepted by them and the rest of Law enforcers and makers in America. But when in 2016, the down-trodden people, Blacks, Hispanics, Native Americans and Muslims seemed to have decided that they are not going to take any shit anymore, the KKK, and all other White racists Americans, law makers, and police forces are now pissed off, and are afraid of, such a FIGHT-BACK attitude on the part of the minorities who are now capable of responding with vigour against any shit that is thrown at them. What a sad situation this has become. What is even funnier, is that Donald Trump Supporters think HE IS THE MAN THAT WILL BRING THEM SALVATION, WOW. Can people be so dumb as to believe the words of a known NARCISSIST ? at least Trump's behaviour is monitored by DECENT Americans and he will not be given any opportunity to become THE NEW HITLER OF AMERICA. Besides, he would not dare attack Jewish Americans, because he KNOWS MOSSAD will kick his ass from USA BACK TO HIS MOTHER'S WOMB.
Is the black gentleman ( you know one of the racists that " don`t want no whites in our neighborhoods " ) remind you of George Wallace ( the dawg and all )? Darn it, I wish people could figure out double negatives. It`s not that hard, and then you wouldn`t appear so " down home " ignorant. Maybe the gentleman with the gun and the dawg should read(?) ole` Georges history. Pore` ole` Rev. King. He has to .be disappointed. Racism is, apparently, universal.
These blacks openly endorse black lives matter while also endorsing crips and bloods which kill each other aka blacks more than any really ACTUALY racist groups ever could.I bet they don't know how dumb,un -organised  and brain-dead they really are.
Hats off to BAIR.
Too bad these black power types don't put as much effort into education and finding a job as they do to violence and mayhem...
I thought this was GTA V.
"i dont care what color you is"       guns dont belong in everybodys hands
How sad for America that in history there was a need for labor in the cotton industries , what a tragedy for a great nation and people .
I don't care what cala you iiiz
One nation under God indivisible with liberty and justice for all.  Anyone who disagree needs to hang for treason.
Can't fault people for fighting back,
I'm still confused on why everyone just decided to show up to south Dallas
stupid black people this is about radical Islamic not  in USA but yet they tell black power haha ignorant the people who died for this country are Rollin in there graves black and white
@0:34 Damn those 'Muricans sure like AK-47s.
'Murica versus "Goddamn America"
What about that terrorist American group called the KKK... No need to put them on his radar right..... LoL
STAY THE F U C K  OUT OF THE HILL COUNTRY YOU RACIST PIECES OF SHIT
Why would you come into a black community??? Dumb, trying to lit a fire. Thanks Trump
Ohhh MFG XD The amount of armour on this guys is insane!!! I mean In what other country are you legally allowed to carry that much guns Lol Imagine a war brake out , that would be insane
A reminder to those 2 liberals that they are white and aren't wanted there lol https://youtu.be/Jb-PgjKuHOg?t=3m54s
freedom of religion and allah be open you
I thought this was supposed to be about muslim mosks and the other people going to their area not American vs American
I hope one day some antifa vermin will lose the rest of their minimal amounts of logic and try to attack some armed patriots....
Greetings from Europe !
fuck christians
isis hero
race war imminent
Ok foreigners, it isn't like this in every state. Just Texas. We think that's crazy too.
have your bloods and crips we will just answer with motorcycle clubs and other more organized more efficient hell of alot bigger groups
those fighting for the wrong cost the other is against bad Muslims that what to kill y'all stop protecting them they don't give fuck you what you say they going to chop your heads off when they have the rite time so stop fighting your own poeple an joins the fight against Muslims that try to act crazy with poeple in hood crips an blood an Mexcains an white an black an Chinese stand up for your freedom that they want take from y'all Islam not a reiligion of peace the reiligion of evil an murder people who don't follow thier law of Islam sharia laws
Damn I'd love to see a shoot out!
And what angry, murderous, black protest would be complete without catering from either KFC or Popeye's
que viva USA.VIVA MEXICO. VIVA LOS ANGELES QUE VIVA CD.JUAREZ
you all whites have a nice day.
like I said stop trying to scare people you don't want people to get hurt. it's just a matter of time before you whites hurt a child and then you will be in a world of shit.
then stop shooting people for no reason other then them being of color.
you need to fine a white boy who's  not stupid. ill let you think about what I mean.
we all have the right to freedom of speech no matter what it is Black power White Power Brown pride it's your right. but stop trying to scare people of color with your guns. In other words don't start something you won't win. when there's War we all lose something.
Blacks Brown and others of the human race have heavy fire power too.we are just not stupid to show. like some less dark mother fuckers.
your streets are in africa! go back there!
how are these your streets when we brought you lazy asses from Africa!?    here we go again!
THE White Children of Satan - THE White ENEMY of allllllllllllllll humans - terrorists from hell!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
lets get ready for war who aggres like this vide and share
You could have ran off these protesters by having a Job Fair truck show up.
You see how these dam Cacs back down when we are armed......
Shit starters looking for trouble based on lies be careful .
use the fucking guns!!  otherwise get rid of em idiots!!
WHITE SHITS JUST GO BECAUSE THEY LOVE TO BE RACIST WHILE BEING PROTECTED BY COPS LOL FUCK WHITES AND FUCK WHITES
Yeah we got the bloods and crips here with us... You know, the same gang bangers that promote black on black violence and drug use. Just the kind of element a culture that's trying to survive should be embracing... Shits fuckin embarrassing! 
WHITE POWDER !!!!!!!
Our own president backed the Muslim brotherhood!!!
did this start cause of donald chump? I mean trump
i see their point but hes got a flashlight tapped on the shotgun
WHO COULD BE MORE OF A TERROR THAN A BUNCH FUCK UP WHITES MF RUNNING A ROUND IN THE WOODS PLAYING ARMY, THESE MILITIA WHO'S GOAL IS TO SOME DAY TAKE OVER THE GOVERNMENT.
damn. watched the video hoping for a happy ending....
...but no nuggers died.
disappointed.
If Black lives matter supporters are Doing this. They definitely aren't for peace. Nope
dude whites be saying how bad terrorist are doing and stuff and look at them they wearing a damn mask looking like some and can cause attention smh .. they legit never learn fr .. ;-;
@serenity jewel  Got his ignorant ass
Obama the Uniter.
Where's his magical power called hope.
How about the oldest terrorists the KKK?
the white man smoking a blunt
Its Ok to be racist.  Its your right..
I love this kind of conflicts. It's awesome.
Nigga Please
People try to use bullshit to justify stupidity, just say what you say and do what you do, don't try to make someone else look wrong when your ideals are historically hatred.
2:20 DUCT TAPE??? seriously???
I love how the white guys are there for a reason and aren't trying to intimidate, but we're racist? Fuck it, where do I sign up.
Who makes a better soldiers the Muslims brotherhood members or those Iraqi soldiers the US tried to train.
wtf!?
Can't wait to clean up south dallas, fair park, redbird and all the other zoos. Sorry, but your shotgun was funny. Fuck the NBP, NOI, and BLM.
NON-WHITE/MIXED RACE/ ISRAELITE  UNITY!!!  TOGETHER WE ARE STRONGER!!
Standing there claiming black power while you hold back a GERMAN shepard.You know that's a white man's dog right?
the tape on the shotgun though! lol
And this is how it starts...
Oh, hell yeah.  A whole lot of gun-totin' angry people isn't a guaranteed recipe for disaster.  Just another day in the pissed off South.
How many blacks has that blood guy murdered? He's crying cops don't protect them when they call but when the do and the cops show up, fools like him shoot at them. Fuck the bloods, crips.
the huey p newton gun club are same group that was in Austin saying shoot the cops while walking down street.
islamic terror how fucking stupid are these Americans beyond fucking stupid they dont know who the real enemy is
This situation is extremely dangerous! Because of such a seemingly "simple" protest can occur spark / some gay can panics and press the trigger! / That sparked the whole civil war! And I think that tension is created intentionally!Then it will be put into "Marshall Plan" and ... forget about democracy in America!
Boy am I glad I live in California.
what color you is?
Kneegrows are fucking stupid.
I don't care what color you are.....(are) not is!!
                    
Such "useful" idiots. Funded by Soros who makes his money by destroying economies. My favorite title ever.....Billionaire Socialist ! If they only knew they are disposable fools. Not kidding here but after these fools destroy a country, the Commies take over and they do not let any of these air heads into power. Before these boneheads figure out they get nothing, they are killed by the new people in power, Comrade. NOT JOKING, GOOGLE; SOVIET UNION + USEFUL IDIOTS...........................
A THUG with a legal license to carry, is still a THUG!  When they attempt to carry during protests, the police should run their name for warrants or crimes that would negate their license. At that point, arrest them. 

Along with that, the kind that makes up most of these protest groups have an extremely long history of not being very intelligent. They believe that when they disagree with law enforcement, laws, and verdicts, that they can riot, commit arson, commit assaults, and now murder police officers. 

It's obvious that there are many born with very low shared natural intelligence, in which should never be allowed to carry. You can argue with me, but you can't argue with statistics, facts, & common sense. Thank God, all the bullshit that Obama has enabled will be NEGATED as if never existed. 

So to all those who fall into this category or others such as the Sick, Demented & Perverse, enjoy Obama's last 5 months. After that, the crack will be heard around the country. Use your imagination to what "crack" is, and no, it's not the drug...
Lol the dog at the end was gon eat your ass alive.
i Hate everything of blacks 
their accent 
their colour 
their culture 
their behaviour
fuck muslims
look at our so called leaders
open your eyes
amen
almost made for a cool youtube video of graphic violence'
............ATTENTION.........cops do not protect and serve ...they bully and harass...cops are murders and evil people who work for Satan there master..they kill innocent people..when a random person dies there is nooo honor... but when a wicket evil white person a cop a soon to be murder dies there is honor what the fuck ?...this is the evil world we live in...Jesus will kill ALL white people and America before he comes back its in the bible and he will use his people the black race and Latin race...the time is very near
stupid ... man talks about war on Muslims.... then basically goes to war on blacks
Gun toting fucktards like everyone in this video are the reason america has these problems
Civil war just begun and Hispanic and looks like we need to help black lives matter and , Asian are with black people and Iraq , plus Russia , and they only need Hispanic to get down with these black people and we need to stop these racist piece of shits from starting all over against we out number them from 40 to 1 , look Hispanic people with out us they will lose and if Russia and Iraq and China can get down with black , why the fuck we don't get down and show them why where part natives and spainards where fucking warriors and they fear the Hispanic the most ,,if civil war kicks of , what do u think is going to happen where going to win back america from these white racist piece of shits..
Bureau? Our enemies are allowed entrance and they create a BUREAU? Everyone of these idiots should be dumped in the "Hell Man".
stupid zombies
Dudes got his flashlight taped onto his shotty, real legit.
fuck
first off.. ridin around lookin like bank robbers or a terrorist group.. no fuckin way and i own a few guns.. never ride like that and i dont know anybody who will.. im from detrot.. unless you are about to toe tag someone
funny I bet most of the blacks that scream whoes streets our streets have never paid taxes
where were these pussies to stop the fuckin "sniper" ill still beat yo ass with or without a weapon on hand
go free or die
2:39 12g with duck tape LMAO
""we got dah kripz heya, we got da blooodz heya, we got black lives matter heya,"" Well fuck, I've yet to see group of worthless parasites more deserving of a bullet to the head. They list these groups off like its something to be proud of, unreal.
All lives matter
This bitch ass nigga said the Nation of Islam is a domestic terrorist group. Lol what a fuckin idiot
Ubd gun club is proud that they have bloods and crips standing with them. Hmmm what's stupidity  to associate your gun club with gangs and criminals
Guns are not the problem it's the person behind the gun that makes it dangerous.
Boyz in the hood
Like to say that the BAIR were there to protest against ISIL and Islamic terror groups not against any African people or against gang activity such as the Bloods or Crips or even to protest against Black lives matter
This is just what they want us to do...divide the races...and kill each other....POOR SHEEP!!!!  Christians vs Muslims...both religions have MURDERED MILLIONS throughout the History of the world...Neither have the right to say SHIT!!!!!
Well loud mouth what is your cause? You're appressed by the man. Those men are trying cure the U.S. of the Muslim trash we are all gonna deal with one day. We need to quit with the dividing and stand together to save our country. You watch when nothing is done, because nothing significant will get done this country will turn into Iraq. Fighting the streets.  Our women will be raped by them. Our children enslaved. We need to come together people, not divide
you got a flashlight taped to a shotgun. not a gun club
FUCK WHITE PEOPLE THEY ALL NEED TO DIE!!
Dan Washington your a fucking retard
I support more guns for Amerika!
HR 347 'TRESPASS BILL' CRIMINALIZES PROTEST
The bill makes it illegal knowingly to enter or remain in a restricted building or grounds without legal authority to do so.  A restricted building or grounds is defined as a restricted area where a person protected by the Secret Service is or will be temporarily visiting.  According to federal law (18 U.S.C.  3056), the Secret Service is authorized to protect visiting heads of foreign states or foreign governments and other distinguished foreign visitors to the United States. 
http://www.huffingtonpost.com/jeanine-molloff/trespass-bill_b_1328205.html
The only language the Devils know is the violence.
   
As long as they don't start shooting they are simply exercising the same rights the pro gun protesters have been exercising at every open carry rally ever.
AMERICA = TEROR 


AMERICA= RASSISMUS 



AMERICA = TEROR
Fucking thouse white people with guns coving there face like fucking terrorist then talk about how black lives matter are terrorists haha I'm white and I stand with black lives matter haha I'd laugh my ass off if thouse 6 or 7 racist got in a fiht with Blm they would lose so fast just by the huge amount of BLM protesters with guns
hopefully if something does happen the idiots kill each other off and the ones who don't want to be there come out safe
That's why I love prison life. There's absolutely no GUNS in Prison. White boy constantly get thier jaws Shattered and necks broken by a Black Man's FIST.
someone should set up a gun sale right there, they would clean up.
What color you is?
govermemt should have flown water bombers over that block raining on everyones  sunny day.
wtf is going on in this video? I thought the whites were going to a mosque, but for some reason they're facing off against blacks.
WHAT A JOKE DOMESTIC TERRORIST YOU ARE THE DOMESTIC TERRIOST YOUR ARE OPPRESSION PEOPLE GO BACK YOUR CLAN PARTLY
what a bunch of jackasses
Black Panthers are a terrorist organization.  Crips and Bloods are a terrorist organization.  Black Lives Matter has become a terrorist organization.  Wake the hell up people.
Did that nigga duct tape a flashlight on his shotgun?
I saw the new projection map of Africa with it's correct proportions. You could fit the U.S., all of Europe, Australia and China in Africa. What this tells me, is they plan to take all of Africa and inhabit it. This is why, as many black people as possible need to relocate to countries that are predominantly black and reclaim Africa, boot their asses out, back to wherever they originated from. They will theb have to negotiate with us for resources. The fight needs to be in Africa, not here. If blacks lose Africa for good, they lose period.
To all my dear black people living in the U.S. You need an exit plan. They expected you to have succumbed by now, but you haven't. Did they really think Yahuwah's people would be defeated so easily? They will now move into the next phase to eradicate as many more as possible. Videos of young black males being gunned down by police are modern day public lynching. It's no longer the KKK crowd, wearing their Sunday best watching.  They have you watching and, now the rest of the world. Bob Marley said it best in "Exodus" and Gregory Isaacs in "Border."
well done black heros putting kkk in their place
well done black heros putting kkk in their place
I Love black  people..!
WAIT THEY PLANNED THIS TO DO TO DALLAS?
wow, that could have started a nice little war right there.
Kkk as evil as Isis 
Yes please gang members all gather together so we can arrest you all on the spot rolf kys
Btw . This was filmed in April.
What was the point of the protests? What was going on here. .. I'm confused. And the big black guy with the Ankh around his neck, looked like a fool with that stupid, black leather hat on his head. ..it looked like a black jelly bean
This is stupidity, at its finest!  The one and two-finger hand gestures are associated with Freemasonry BS.
My god this country is fucked
I love black people.  I hate everything that promotes hatred and division. It's that simple.
muslims hide under our freedom of religion rule but muslims is not a religion they are a threat to america and they should  go.back to.middle east we ok with that muslims.stay over there.amd there will be peace
go back africa
pinches idiotas
3:12 Can someone translate that for me?
get the fuck out the black hood.
big comparison between angry black people( who have their own reason for getting angry) and white group with clear and logical purpose and reason behind their action.
These were black lives matter terrorist who scouted and planned location beforehand.
terrorist racist country
Yeah mobilize gangs to your cause shows what a stupid mother Rucker you are fuking lames
Just a bunch of pussies with too much time on their hands playing dress up and pretending to be soldiers. I'd say join the real military, but we don't want pussies like them in our ranks.
really?  black electrical tape to hold a weapon light on? smh....
hahaha!! The black idiot says (I DON'T CARE WHAT COLOR YOU IS) .....they are too lazy to say the word ARE or they are too dumb to know how to speak English! hahahaha!!
Funny that the Neo-Cons Breitbart and these racist idiots all worship are actually the ones funding and coddling the Muslim Brotherhood - have been doing so at least as early as 2007 in regards to creating ISIS and overthrowing both Iran and Syria. Maybe instead of reading cherry-picked verses from the Qu'ran, they should actually just follow the money. 

Then again, to do that and objectively arrive at a logical conclusion would require an IQ above room temperature...
I agree with that lady's statement at the very end. Guns do not belong in the hands of everyone regardless of color,creed or race. You have to be a responsible and well-tempered individual to be a  gun owner and not easily drawn or susceptible to violence.
Yeah BP has lots of guns to defend their community.... oh wait its the same guns that kill black people in their community. I guess you need more guns to kill each other faster.
bunch of idiots on both sides with deadly weapons.
hilariously that small group of white guys would likely win in a gunfight against all those gangsters
did that one guy have a flashlight electrical taped to his shotgun??? hahaha what, what, it was tactical tape right lol
Awesome
Dennis Diderot   Who sound fierce? We are a race of people struggling for truth and freedom. Elijah Muhammad had taught us to never get ignorant with the devil. Because we can never be bigger devils than whites. We are always tempted to get ignorant. The building of nuclear bombs shows a race of people that worship war and are suicidal
Dennis Diderot  No the bullshit coming from white America could sink a bullshit. The whole earth is suffering from white lies and white control. Then everybody have to go along with the lies like 911 and Libya.
sooo saying white power is white supremacy but saying black power is freedom of speech?WHITE POWER!
I love you Black Panther. You kick their asses.
Listen to the arrogant devil telling us who we need to follow.
The only reason you're going after the Nation of Islam is because you know they are not armed.But your cowardly ass ran into something.
What terror did the Nation of Islam enacted in the USA or anywhere? This is why we call you the devil.You'll just lie and think nothing of it.
Lol typical white ppl love to intimidate defenseless people but when someone fights back they pussy out and run away. No wonder the nato with all their advanced shit got their asses kicked from guys on motorcycles with aks in afghanistan
black lives matter  yeah lets make animals pay taxes while were at it
WTF is wrong with this country ?????????????????
lmfao..blm..ur a fkn joke..all a round u races fks...ur pussys one on 1..fkn cowards...
Haha. Fighting terrorism? A bunch of old cunts who think they're important
I don't see the whites yelling white power lol first world culture is now dead
The stereo type is deep LOL!a white man with a gun is KKK and a black man with a gun is a thug. Ya'll niggas white and black need to get off this racist bullshit man before race war really pops off.
Muhammad Ali RIP.  A great man and Muslim.
Well done
I'm up for this
ahahaha what do those monkeys think there gonna do with those guns? they can't shoot worth  shit. one of those white guy's would have murdered the whole lot of them.
Why would you name a gun club after a communist, murderer, and terrorist to begin with? You can't be a gun club chilling with gang members who constantly promote gun violences and buy illegal guns all the time. Watch them get investigated and they will cry "raysis!" when they get caught. Do they know that they are supporting the Muslim Brotherhood who funds terrorist organizations around the world? These blacks are fucking scums. Is it even a gun club, gang, or militant group. They behave more like violent gang members
4:10 you got that right big mama, dindus definitely dont deserve guns.
lol ol dashaunte malik's gun literally is taped together
Fuck you Devil's! Bring the Noise!
BLACKTARDS, if they had guts go kill isis
Typical inbred scum defending inbred scum, these white trash cowboy assholes showed up to intimidate people yet you think they're the civilized ones, fuck those entitled white privilege vermin.
Trying to get rid of isis Bruh you look like isis
well they just decided to assemble the biggest dumbass groups in one place. fuck um. leave the mosques alone

Beast
Is it fair to say that this is why I don't travel to the U.S.? I'm not anti-gun whatsoever (my family owns guns here in Canada), but this is just totally overboard. Group A wants guns to protect themselves from group B, and group B wants guns to protect themselves from group A. And look what you have, a bunch of people with opposing views and ideologies (probably hate each other), both heavily armed and dangerous. I don't know how you guys haven't had a second civil war yet. Just keep the guns to the range and if you're going to bring them in public, don't threaten peoples lives with them.

And religion, Muslim, Christian, Jewish, etc. is just causing even more issues. Can't Muslims like Allah without bombing people? And can't Christians be good to God without shooting each other in the name of Jesus? And can't Jews like their god without killing thousands of Palestinians? Like fuck guys just calm your shit seriously. Respect each other and don't kill each other. If you're willing to kill each other, you're all terrorists to me no matter what religion! If you are able to be religious peacefully or not have the want or feel the need to kill others for your religion or other reasons, then you are not a terrorist. 

Don't get me wrong, I don't hate religion, I don't hate guns, I don't hate Americans. I'm just saying that this stupid ass fighting and ignorance needs to stop or else you'll be haunted with many more years of terrible shit.
Everyone supporting the mosque is a gang or a terrorist lol
them white dudes got rekt m9 XD
At least the Bloods and the Crips know what trigger discipline is...
white people always been on the hunt..burning and bombing churches since the 1930's lynching... and killing innocent people because of the color of their skin. Those Arab terrorist overseas the few that do it are the reflection of what White America has turned a blind eye to their own history of racial violence.
i wonder how people can carry guns around in matters like this, but are never checked to see if they can legaly carry those guns.

seems to me most gang members alone, (no direspect to anyone in paticular) usually have felonie charges.
South Dallas is a shithole.
Trailer trash hicks" we want to thank all 4 of our supporters for coming out"
Silly trailer trash hicks you can't do shit
The black people don't know how to properly handle their weapons.  They also come across as ignorant douche bags.
Yeah, I'll root for the black panthers.
Why is it so hard to speak a language properly? When you sound retarded who can take you seriously? It automatically says, "I'm an idiot and everything I say is bullshit"!
I learned 3 things from this video:
1. Black people can barely form a coherent sentence that makes sense.
2. Black folk seem to be incapable of presenting a logical argument to explain their actions or beliefs.
3. Black folk have an affinity for criminals. 

Why on Earth would you invite gang bangers (bloods and crips) to come support your cause? Those gang members are the very people who are helping to destroy black communities. This video is clear proof that modern American blacks are generally fucked up in the head, and suffer from cognitive issues.
Isn't it fucked up that so much more emphasis is put on black vs white and who has guns? What if emphasis was put on who's fucking us over and sensationalizing that shit for divide. Establishment, and particularly the left, has been destroying the American family unit for years. Both sides together, with their guns, would make a much more profound statement. Both sides have 2a.
That wouldn't probably make good " news" for msm though.
Why is shouting Black Power!" "Cool" "Progressiv" and shouting "White Power!" is Racist and Hostile?
Blacks love long words.
As a Latino I stand with my Black Brothers
WTF @ 01:28  How is be blaming religious leader for this..  they choose to protest the Mosque
It only went off peacefully because  they were outnumbered. by counter protestors.  If they weren't outnumber things would have gone very differently
N  Sandy Hook  ??
some of them are professional criminals
I 1000% support all black nationalist militant revolutionary groups who are dedicated to the defense and awakening of our people nationwide and that includes NATIONAL BLACK FOOTSOLDIER NETWORK, NBPP, HUEY P NEWTON GUN CLUB, BLACK RIDERS LIBERATION ARMY & UNITED NUWAUBIAN NATION OF MOORS. I also 1000% support all the black religious spiritual groups who goals are to draw black folks away from the white devil Christian religion and that includes the NATION OF ISLAM, NATION OF YAHWEH, and all BLACK ISRAELITES.
LOL these dumb ass punks do not seem to know that the same pricks they are supporting would put their dumb asses right back into slavery if they were not in the US.  Fuck you and every piece of shit that stands with you dumb fuck #BLMRacists. You have proven to be a threat and should/will be treated like an enemy combatant.
these people have a unhealthy amount of free time..... seriously  after working all day the last thing i want to do is go protesting and shouting shit at other people.....
Any idea what the barrel length of that shotgun is? Is that legal? My state min is 18", anyone know local laws there?
Meh whites and blacks look kinda shitty doing that, now latino guerrillas, cartels and gangs, those have the upper hand!
Go hunt your KKK fuck buddies!!!
I love it!!!! Fuck them racist white bitches!!!! Come get some!!!
Islam is not a religion like any other. They need their status pulled with tax exemptions and corrupt politicians need to stop all Muslim immigration,  stop changing  Muslim regimes by the corrupt WH foreign policies that put bigger corrupt Muslim leaders in then the ones they are toppling.. This is getting out of hand, because according to the Bible the gates of Hell will not prevail against Christianity. This will only escalate, there will be no stand down whatsoever by a Christian armed populace that is instructed to be privately armed by Jesus Christ Himself. Luke 22:36. Black Panthers are on the wrong side.
viva la Estados Unidos!!! Islam will never take you thanks to these brave people
Did Suge Knight really just tape a flashlight to his shotgun? 2:03
Black Panthers are the same thing as the KKK just on the other side of the color spectrum.
Thank God for the  Huey P. Newton Gun Club and Black Lives Matter for providing security and keeping it a peaceful demonstration.
Here how to promote security at schools, malls, family gatherings and other government agencies. Arm the students, workers etc. and get the gun industry to donate the guns given to the students and all government employees , A win win solution, save money on guards at school and promote security.

Every student or employee etc. should be handed a hand gun when they arrive at school or work! An armed guard does not work. There was an armed guard at Columbine and 13 people died. We need to have all the students and employees armed so they will be safe. In many cities there are gangs. Would not people feel safer if everyone at the school or work was packing was packing and read to defend themselves if they saw something that scared or threaten them. An extra benefit school bulling would stop. Who would bully someone locked and loaded.????
Note schools should provide gun training to school students before they get a gun. We want to keep everyone safe. more guns equal less crime Support the NRA

The only thing that stops a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun.

Remember for safety carry a gun and be ready to shoot at the first sigh of danger. Hooray for the NRA
"we got the bloods and the crips here..."  That statement alone should give the cops just cause to ID every single one of those black *#&^ers who were armed to see if they were felons (and obviously breaking the law by possessing firearms).
all of you on both sides are fucking idiots
Cops missed a huge opportunity to arrest the Cripps and other criminals at this gathering (aka: pissing contest) and rid our streets of scum.
Wow Mcveigh and Terry Nicols were terrorist, where were these protectors then?
Rofl  not today , looks like the confederate's lost again.
Doesn't matter who you have there. Your ass will lose. Anyone can go in your neighborhood if they want. Fuck you.
Lmao! This video SHOULD be titled: "BAIR Ironically Gets Punked Down by the Same Methods They Employ".

Glad to see it didn't come to any violence, though.
They have the Bloods and the Crips on their side... what more do you need to know?
She's right, guns DON'T belong in everybody's hands, just in the hands of law abiding, contributing citizens
that very last woman what the smartest person in the whole video.
A bunch of bloods and crips are better at killing the little kids they're not aiming at.
Breitbart News, I am a patriot, poor choice of picking our platform. I cannot believe you are making a movie here. this does not play well with intelligent patriots. SHAME ON YOU
These people are so stupid it is a sin...and they wonder why they are in the situation they are..gonna bring a knife to a gun fight and expect to win...if they want a race war they are going to self destruct...but that is their nature.
Ha Ha. Silly Bairs.
at 3:45 "weez concerned about community..." and in chi-raq youz are putting up impressive numbers of "obliterating community"....be setting records
Typical illiterate, uneducated, illogical Negros, yelling, intimidating, & admitting they have low life savage gang members in their association. Can these Negros not see the detriment & irrational paradigms, which diminishes their organization??????  The Thug Lives Matter racist group is a joke, their actions & mandates are racist against Police & Whites. And Negros wonder why no one takes them  seriously & they have NO VALIDATION. You clowns have put race relations back decades & have raised White Consciousness to a higher level. Thank you Negros for your hypocrisy &  racist views. You are truly despicable race.
Patriots vs a bunch of low IQ racist human trash
Watching ya'll chase BAIR out of your neighborhood just made my day. Carry on.
I though USA was 1st world country, LOL.
I'm sure this rag-tag bunch of Huey P rabble have more than a few members with voilent felony convictions. As far as I know, it's illeagal for persons with certain felony convictions to own or posess firearms.
Support Community Patrols. Huey P Newton Gun Club 
www.gofundme.com/eyx9cs2s
little pencil white boys hate blacks becuse their own white girls love the big black power  .l.   

hahahahahaha
For God's sake this is Texas. Can't they all just sit down to a BBQ and talk about gun porn?
This video has been freebooted by https://www.facebook.com/jookosnews/videos/10153853582238277/
the ` streets` belong to the public, ALL of the public. only Dogs are territorial.
mosque are temples of hate and intolerance to women, gays and children. kinda like the brothers.
remember who controls the gun industry, the food industry, the medical industry etc. blacks would never win a race war cause they dont control any resources. WHITE POWER!
OOHHH.. bloods and crips, everybody better be scared.  LOL.  Get this fark outta here with that bullshot.  Nobody cares about your wanna be gang affiliation.  If there ever is a race war and guns are involved, we already know who is going to come out on top.  That would be the end to the black race in America.
i dont want any more of my tax dollars going toward this thuggary. "DUUURRR IM A TAX PAYER!!!" id love to see another white flight from this woman's town and see how many services their local government can provide. the tax base would probably be 0$.
The guys with the skull masks look badass.
The blacks are bragging about using their second amendment rights, but support candidates who want to repeal those rights. Says a lot about their intelligence.
If there was a race war in America it would be over in a weekend. 

And the government wouldn't know what to do with the billions of dollars in unspent welfare.
If BAIR is so anit-terrorist why don't they go after ZOG and our corrupt Gov. officials who do more damage to America than anybody instead of a bunch of low life thugs? By doing this they are causing more problems in our society... so who does this BAIR really work for?
Dindus doing what Dindus do best.
BLACKS HATE AMERICA NOT ONE OF THEM WAS FLYING AN AMERICAN FLAG BUT THEY DID HAVE AN AFRICAN FLAG THEY SHOULD TAKE THERE LAZY ASS BEASTS OF THE FIELDS BACK TO THERE SHIT HOLE AFRICA THEY DON'T FIT INTO OUR SOCIETY  THEY LIVE OF CRIME AND WELFARE BECAUSE THEY CANNOT COMPETE WITH THE WHITE MAN THEY DON'T FUCKING BELONG HER
huey newton gun club are a bunch of racist, cop-hating, white-hating apes ...Lock and load , boys ......this is only getting worse.
People are so biased in the comments. I don't see the Black Panthers intimidating church goers standing outsidewith guns inhand.Don't these assholes have anything better to do than play batman with their AR-15's?Devote most of your time to helping those in need. Hell, try to get to know some of these muslims. But to antagonize people because you're a scared little boy on the inside...?C'mon. I can't believe I live somewhat close to these retards. Both the BP and these Anti-Islam jerks are equally retarded.
'They Did and they blame Moslems" lol
If a group of armed islamists showed up in front of a christian church to protest. You people would all lose your shit...And if you don't think christianity produces terriorists....wait of course u don't. fuckin idiots. I like how things went down... these people think they can just show up with guns to intimidate and play gi joe... losers
Only African-Americans should have had guns at this rally.
Texas only has steers and queers. I'm not seeing many white steers.
second amendment wins regardless of what side you're on. an armed society isn't necessarily a polite one but it sure is equal
Jewish superpowers are laughing this is exactly what they want.
OK, I understand and respect their right to bring weapons to a protest, especially one where there is a risk of being attacked, but what the fuck is up with all that camo and those skull face masks?
These people are protecting any money that is not white dominated and white controlled. If they are not at Bush, Cheney, Tony Blair, etc. then they are not stopping anything. They are working for the white terrorist.
You know what they say, when the people come together, reactionaries (racists, misogynists, etc) run.
Only in stupid America: armed white protest near an Islamic church backfires when the counter-protesters bring their guns too. They didn't think of that did they? Stupid...
hahaha lolz too bad nothing happened
The best part of the video was the confused look on those commie's faces when the black guy tore down their banner at 3:54 "This shit dont matter man take this shit down!" LOL
Do not turn your back on the SHITSKINS and always be aware of them when they are around you and your family's.

VILE!
This is comedic gold.
so the white guys are anti islam,,,,,
what case do the black guys make
it didnt seem they presented a case

hahaha the black  blood gangbanger claimed the police was their to defend the white guys

hahhaha i dont think that moron understood what fire power those white guys had with them
guys sounds like the sjw of shittard. bet these fucks are most likely christains, so fuck religion all together
"we got the bloods and the crips here, we got the black lives matter ppl here"... very telling.
dudes, give me a break.
The bible says the devil will put enmity between the races , who own the media and is trying to cause race war between whites and blacks , who funds black lies matter , who funded the wil rained war where 10,000 whites plus have died , who opened the gates in Germany , France uk , now USA , do you know who the devil is yet and his workers , yes the Jew and there messiah will be Satan himself the antichrist
Oh man, I cant wait til we can take our gloves off to deal with those worthless scumbags.
fuck your black power.
I hope these animals are fucking destroyed like the shit they are
there isn't a racist bone in my body, but you look dumb as hell when you brag about criminal street gangs like the bloods and crips supporting your cause.
They were all self-defensing the shit out of that place.  Good thing no one stubbed their toe...
Fucking KKK, right wing, Trump supporting cowards. They can only intimidate defenceless people.
respect. kick those Muslims back to the desert ....
mudshark in the back 3:40
wow, i feel dumber for having listened to that.
Islam will be the death of us all.  That and/or feminism.
why are these yahoos going after The Nation of Islam? Those people aren't considered "real Muslims"
LOL!  The Dindu lists all the blacks criminal groups that showed up.  And blacks wonder why they are unwelcome in civilized society.
Look at how the white people are calm, making valid points, not acting violent and not waving there guns around. And then you look at the blacks and its the total opposite.
was that the girl from will wonka and the chocolate factory?
They all look stupid as hell!
Why aren't these fuck heads out there protesting Chicago right now? Massive murder rate already in 2016. And you know they are 99.9 % young black men. But no, no national marches against it. Go block a highway for that, you stupid fucks
love it. This guy says we have the bloods here, we have the crips here, we have the black lives matter group here. I wouldn't be bragging about those groups like they are stellar supporters. They are gangs of criminals, fool. They are a MASSIVE part of why this country is so fucked UP. Brainless
Typical nog behavior.
only thing wrong is that it should have been 5000 armed whites to cull this filthy uprising of blm commie vermin,will happen soon.
There are how many terrorist training camps in the United States?  And we now know who supports them!  BLM is the new KKK/Nazis (German shepherds, Socialists leaders like Bernie Sanders and all)!  I thought about something call it a conspiracy theory, but maybe the real BLM (The Bureau of Land Management) has something the do with the pretend BLM (Black Lives Matter)  Okay so here goes, The Bureau of Land Management does not have the constitutional right to buy land in the USA, unless its for ports or military bases right?  So maybe the Bureau of Land Management is propping up Black Lives Matter to destroy their own land and cities, just so the Bureau of Land Management can come in, and buy it dirt cheap.  Plus since the Bureau of Land Management is pretty much breaking the laws of the land, they need something to take the heat off themselves.  What better way to prop up Black Lives Matter and give Black Lives Matter the same acronym?  I mean if one person searches BLM and they find Black Lives Matter instead of Bureau of Land Management.  Then they did their jobs right?  I just find it crazy that the new generation has this much hate in their hearts.  They are falling for the divide and conquer techniques, whatever happened the The United States of America?  I think everyone is a little racist, just because people are somewhat scared of what they don't know.  But I'd say out of the two groups that were here, one of them sounds completely racist, and the other is complaining about terrorist cells in the USA!
bitches about the police.....

calls police when homeboy gets shot.....

Ok.......I don't get it.
Those silly white guys, they should know armies of European men stand no chance against African Armies.
3:12 "imma tax paying citizen" LOL! Yeah right.
Lol they call them KKK for being patriotic, ive seen it all. They should fix their own community before declaring black lives matter.
The Muslim brotherhood are not a terrorist organisation. They support democracy and won the 2012 elections in Egypt.
They're "more concerned about the community"? What? Son you're gonna scream "Who's streets? Our streets!", "Black power!" and show up with gang thugs, and then try to tell me you care about the community? Get real.
What's up with all the dumb ass music in the background?
what are you right wing idiots doing in dallas? go back to your suburbs, go back to irving, plano.
Blacks & guns: A bad combination.
I thought TYT said if a black guy was to legally carry a gun in public like white guys often do they would be immediately shot on sight by all the "racist" cops. #FuckIslam #FuckBlackLivesMatter #NotAll
Such a massive difference in IQ between the two groups. Only one group is screaming racist chants, specifically"black power", yet they call these men KKK? They are too stupid to see their hypocrisy. Low IQ helps no one.
isn't diversity great! thank you democrat politicians!!  Also what a difference in the intelligence displayed by the two groups. The hueys, look and sound like the dumb ass niggas the democrat party needs them to be, to keep them dependent
white guys: make some legitimate points, apologize for potential intimidation 
black guys: admit they have gang members there, yell black power
LOLOLOL Shotguns v Rifles...yeah the distance game...they dont have it. 
The ability to speak English properly, seems to be elusive to alot of the people in that video.
Breitbart is in the business of making KKK propaganda
She said she a taxpayer, Have to have job first not your EBT card
Black nationalism is such a joke lol
Too easy to infiltrate these groups with agent provocateurs. On both sides.
Good reporting. 

As long as they investigate the groups, expose the leaders and stay public. I will support them. I know CARE is no good I did my homework on then. I support the non radical muslim moderates.
Milo you're in Texas so is Wrestlemania are you going to make an appearance or just do the privilege grant video
Communist dissidents versus patriots.
is that motherfucker smoking a dollar cigarillo? c'mon man 
(    )
I think the police should pull out of all the ghettos. They only get shit for being there anyway and they aren't wanted. I want to see the folks there deal with their own problems.
"crips, bloods, black panthers, black lives matter are here..." Ok.... thanks for admitting you're just criminal parasites, all of you.
Note how they are so shifty, always looking over their shoulder, because they are guilty and know it.
Note how the real Americans are all relaxed and don't need to scream and curse and hoot like chimpanzees.
Oh no bloods and crips have been infiltrated by progressives !
oh shit I live here >.< I'm so done with black lives matter.
white people in hoods threatening minorities makes me uncomfortable. this can't be good for business
white people in hoods threatening minorities makes me uncomfortable. this can't be good for business
This music is laughable. 

By the way... You heard it hear folks. Bloods, Crips associated with Black Lives Matter.
III%ersNazis They're more like Civic Nationalist
