TRUMP 2020
All DementedKKKrats are degenerate, depraved, delusional, reprobate dirtbags. This is all you need to know. This is not complicated.
Kanye talks like a frightened 7 year old boy.  Much his fat lying orange prejudiced playmate.
Why is this show on Fox. This is CNN light, so send them packing.
I see the Republican Party added a token black guy to their ranks. This the same clown who called President Bush a racist on national television. What a joke !  Hes going to do the party more harm then good. Bad decision.....
Wire Kanye's Jaw Shut Again 
Team Red Please! The Blue Team has lost morality.
Though Kanye and Trump were expected to discuss prison reform, manufacturing, gang violence, and other pressing issues, there wasnt a discussion at all.
Kanye went off-book
Speaking in a nearly ten-minute run-on sentence, Kanye touched on why black people dont need to be Democrats; how theMAGA hatrestored his masculinity and made him feel like Superman whereas Hillary Clintons campaign didnt; why he feels he was misdiagnosed with bipolar disorder; prison reformation and rehabilitation;Montessori schools; still wanting to abolish the 13th Amendment  despitepreviously recanting that statement because its a trap door; flying cars (a photo of which he showed Trump on his iPhone); improvingSNL;and much, much, much more. Once again. Why was Kanye invited to the White House? Please dont say he was there representing all black people. When white people meet with the President do they represent all white people? I dont think so. Blacks are not  foreigners from another country seeking favours from an American President.
Kanye, the SuperTroller...LMAO.
Why isnt Trump in Florida dealing with the devastation? He needs his ego stroked daily.
kanye 

Good for him slapping the bully right in the mouth.....
Hes a negro who cant read!! Yes!! Good call on the negro ....
Lmao at CNN, selling out because SO desperate
Call the decorators.  The oval office should be a rubber room.  Lunatic raving times two.  These people need to be committed immediately.  Oh I forgot Trump gutted medical coverage and programs for mental health.  Wheres the fentanyl when you need it.
He's no Bun B.
As a Canadian who lives near the US, travels to the US (A LOT) and have family in the US this makes me happy   I have seen a huge division between black and white and women and men    This is a move in the right direction
Stupid guest ... does she not realize that stopping weapon shipment to Saudi Arabia will do nothing ... they will just replace the order with Russian or Chinese equipment.
If you want to hurt them ... seize all their American assets and sanction every person, organization and country that does business with them. Cede no ground and slat their earth <mic drop>
WHO IN THE HELL IS KANYE  WEST?????????????????????????????DR KEL
N...er please! Watch Kanye's full 'rant'! Your guests are literally deplorable!
Baier, why did you or your panel not denounce the racist comments from CNN?  This was totally glossed over.  The left paints blacks as white puppets or mentally ill if they dont toe to their narrative. You and your panel tried but failed to equate left and right responses to individuals expressing differences in opinion.  What is your real game here?
Kissing ass
All these rednecks and white supremacists are trading in their Nikes for Yeezys now.
KANYE WEST speaks the truth!!!! I LOVE his TMZ interview, a MUST SEE....
MAGA MAGA MAGA!
And Roseanne Barr was fired for what????
I lob trump but Kanye is coo-coo for coco-puffs
Kanye West should not be getting involved in politics when he has no clue about what he is talking about. The video was difficult to watch and i feel sorry for him as he clearly needs help. His family should be taking care of him at this moment not letting him make an absolute joke of himself. This just makes America look even more idiotic. A democracy my ass..... its more like an idiocracy.
Says the attention whore with blonde hair. Stop appropriating from beautiful blonde women.
VOTE REPUBLICANS MIDTERM ELECTIONS TO DEFEAT DEMONCRATS SOCIALIST RADICALS PARTY OF CRIMES, DEMONCRATS SOCIALIST RADICALS THUGS OF MOBS. HUNGRY OF POWER,CORRUPTION OBSTRUCTIONIST, MORE CHAOS IN THE STREETS. DEMONCRATS SOCIALIST RADICALS, LOVE AMERICA TO BECOME VENEZUELA, NO FREEDOM, LONG LINE OF PEOPLE WAITING FOR FOOD, NO DOCTORES,
NO MEDICINE, DEMONCRATS SOCIALIST RADICAL PARTY WANTS TO CONTROL YOUR MONEY , AND GAVE IT TO THE MUSLIM TERRORIST GROUPS..
These guests are definitely all Democrats, wtf are they talking about this man they should be celebrating it
Kanye v.s. Taylor Swift
This is real. Nothing fake about these two men and the liberal democrats are hating because they don't stand for unity. They stand for hate, division and bringing America down.
Pray for Kanye that he remains safe. Remember he was put in mental Hospital and labeled and treated with dangerous drug and other MK Ultra treatments against his will. Just for whistleblowing bad stuff in music and entertainment industry and for supporting President Trump, the candidate of his choice...
kanye could have died or been permanently damaged physically mentally deprived of his life and liberty and property. Thank you POTUS for interfering
so, waiting for evidence is wrong eh? yep standard left wing garbage!
Thanks for bringing those two snowflakes
out of their closet for a minute 
so our Mollie Hemingway can shine ever so brighter
I like that
Did everyone catch that? She called it the "Red, maggot hat..."
Here is criminal justice reform. Get a good job, start a business. spend time with your kids, commit to your woman, fix your house, be a positive role model for your neighbor, pretend for just a second or two that police want to server their community and care about good citizens. Who has time for drug addiction and criminal behavior? Who is scared of a cop? Can you just hear a whole lifetime of angry, fearful, insecure,indoctrinated upbringing come out of the mouths of these angry racist blacks and whiteson CNN?
go kanye and trump
Biggest mistake american politics have made this decade is to elevate the importance of partisanship above the issues, when the issues were supposedly the bottomline of the divide, not partisanship.
Early in his Presidency, Trump did reach out across the aisle to attempt to unify the both parties on behalf of the country. Unfortunately, the Democrats do not stand for unity and have persisted, even to this day, to divide the country into partisanship in ways that encourages incivility, even violence. Trump to this date is not partisan. His actions are actually reactionary to the attacks made by the left.
Clearly, the bosses at Fox told this panel to play it up, speak positively about the West/Trump summit. The discomfort in the panelists is apparent as they underplay the realities of this sad event. The clips of West were cherry-picked and don't reveal what was really said, which was disturbing. Fox has gone too far across all its programming involving this - this was a person who is not well, and rambled on incoherently about subjects he has little knowledge of, and, in the sanctity of the Oval Office used the word MF for the world to hear - first time in histoy, and no one corrected the disrepect. This was POTUS exploiting a celebrity irrespective of the consequences, and what does Fox do - they treat like a victory for POTUS. Sad indeed -
First trump staeted on twiter because he nkows young people be on there you nkow the new generation now selebrities and young people also fallow that ... This is a joke whats nex is this even real stuff we living
Wow another way for kanye to make money corupt people ... They all sell them self for fame and money unbelivible sell off how much you got for this
CONYE SAID IT BEST! BREAK YO MENTAL CHAINS AND SHACKLES AND LEAVE THE DEMO RATS PLANTATION! VOTE REPUBLICAN IN NOVEMBER! A RED TSUNAMI!
Remember: They only attack and ridicule you when you are winning and their reaction is completely out of desperation.
AMY IS A LESBO MAN HATIN DEMOCRAT! ALL RADICAL QUEERS AND LEABOS ARE DEMOCRATS! THEY LOVE THE ATTENTION PARADING IN THE STREETS! THEY NEED TO CRAWL BACK UNDER THEIR ROCK!30 MILLION ILLEGALS IN OUR COUNTRY, 3 MILLION WHO VOTED FOR CROOKED HILLARY CLINTON! AND YES THEY STEAL YOUR IDENTITY, HAVE FAKE DRIVERS LISCENCE, TAKE AMERICANS JOBS AND ILLEGALS DO VOTE!VOTE REPUBLICAN IN NOVEMBER!
It is the right time
We love you Kanye!
Cross between an old white man and a rapper....Bling Crosby.
The ever-grotesque, unimaginably derelict West is to music what meadow muffins are to chocolate souffls, what sea-gull droppings are to bonbons, blanks are to .458 magnum rounds, what marbles are to rubies, or what Piper Cubs are to Frances Dassault Rafalethe planets ace fighter aircraft. Nothing about money-grubbing, low-brow, excruciatingly banal West recommends it as anything more than a Jersey Pike speed bump.
Afloat once again on yet another magic mystery tour into madness, the ever-balding Mango Mussolini and its electric hair stares and grins as though it knows whats going on, when it patently hasnt a f***ing clue. It thinks West must be a mechanic in the royal motor pool.
Both creeps are perfect avatars for an Amerikan nightmare so ruptured by indolence, barbarism, hysteria, fear, avarice, gross stupidities, and a very sour hubris the planet looks only to Europe for wisdom, sanity, and uncommon common sense.
Sick, sad, and very stupidlock and load.
Think about it, Obama surrounded himself with celebrity (A.K.A. Illuminati sellouts) to lift his image and also aligned himself with the CABAL. Trump is aligned with those who TRULY want to make America Great and can see through the deep state opposition. :P Go Kanye, Go Trump! MAGA  I have to get my very own MAGA hat and flaunt it!
GUYS we need to vote for our red in our congressional districts we are down big right now ! VOTE we need to keep the house and the senate
Controls what is control who controlling who? Is God controlling us in America
Why the poor love Donald Trump?  They can have faith in God not the man
very good.
A world famous nut job praising a world famous nut job!!!!!
So, did any of you watch this entire meeting?
Have anyone of you even remotely thought about the timing of this....Florida is devastated and people have died....Trump needs to be there not with Kayne and a political stunt....All I can say WOW...There is no way I would vote red for this alone!....This is nuts!...I never in my life thought someone can get away with saying MOTHER FUCKER in the oval office...This is a circus!...please people, open your eyes....Trump go and help Floridians!
White people who have never known any African Americans down in the trenches. I'm tired of their attitudes.
How do people even know who Kanye West IS? I have never heard his  music, would not know what he did for a living or anything. Yet people claim he is  world famous??
If i saw Kanye i would give him a handshake and a hug. good for him for exposing the left wing political plantation that have kept black folks as political pawns, slaves to welfare all for the sake of votes. the left wing democrats uses the black folks by promising them everything while at the same time keeping them in the poor house so that they are at the feet of the government check every month. Kanye is a patriot for his people.
Nothing to do with race. You have to pick up side with what God is doing or against Him. West choose the right side.
Democrats are jealous and worried, so No matter what Trump does, they will spin it, Unless it is so good, they just ignore it because they can't criticize it. Disgustingly immature and I'm glad the Internet has revealed all of this
Typical Lib, not listening to one word and over analyzing the moment to find the negative.. 
The left is left out of the team because they don't know how to play the game.
So ridiculously sick these idiots are.
Trump is The Greatest President in the World. Dating Far back in time theres been No other like Him.
Im a Proud Christian Constitutional Concervative.  I carefully think each issue through of the issues i care about. My Reasoning is Truly Truly SOUND. Trump uses common sense to Achieve Amazing Things. Were Praying for his Success to Our Heavenly Father God who is Answering these prayers before all mankind.. His STATS of Accomplishments are Truly out of this world. No denying the Obvious if your Truly Familiar with his record GOD HAS BLESSED Trump , Americans , The Whole World ...except few bad actors Iran and Palestinians
Kanye's Points: 
- A lot of people believe that if you are black you MUST be democrat. 
- Welfare is the reason why a lot of black people are democrats. They were made to believe that, the more kids they had, the more they would be taken care of by the government. 
- Not a lot of male energy in the home, no father figure.  
- Bring manufacturing/jobs back to America. 
- Mental health is a problem. 
- 13th amendment = trap door (I'm not really understanding this part.) 
- Misdiagnosed with bipolar disorder, wasn't bipolar, it was sleep deprivation that caused him to have dementia. 
- If the President doesn't look good, we don't look good. 
- Our (America's) best export is entertainment and ideas. 
- When people don't own land they want brands. When you don't spend your money investing, you waste it on brands to make it look like you have it together.
- Black on black crime is far more than police killing blacks. This does not mean police are free of fault, but we need to look at both side of the coin. 
- Liberal brings race into everything, they live in a victimhood world. Racism is an invisible wall (imaginary wall to be better put). That ideology causes people to have limiting beliefs, in reality anyone can be successful in America, Kanye is walking proof of that. 
- Opening up industries, we need tax breaks to bring more businesses here. it costs too much to manufacture things here, that's why we export those jobs to China and Vietnam.
- Mental health and arts program need to be brought into schools, so that kids aren't bored in school. Kids should be inspired. 
- Illegal guns is the problem, not legal guns, we have the right to bear arms.   
- We should bend a bit on both sides (of the political spectrum), and be malleable to work together towards something that will benefit the American people.  

I see nothing wrong with the way this man thinks, why do people believe that he's crazy? Why do they think that he's out of touch with reality? When the reality is that they've been perfectly groomed by the system and mob mentality that they are unable to see the truth.
the left has always dialed up the craziness until conservatives backed off and go back to work, which has kept the peace over the years for the most part. growing up ive seen this really escalate in the past 10-15 years. Now we are fighting back and neither side agrees to back down. one will have to concede, or both will clash.....
LIFT YOURSELF UP ON YOUR FEET! LETS GET IT ON, LETS GET IT ONNNNNN
The liberals just keep digging that hole deeper and deeper...
Con yea is a joke, he's the the Stephen from Django....
I wish these lefties would stop trying to divide this down to race as they have done around the world, People have had enough of the left wing ideology and want a change and colour has nothing to do with it. All about putting your own country first. What is wrong with that?
I've never seen a President try to unite a country that was LESS willing to be United, EVER.
And what's really startling to me is the contrast between the people who President Obama,  (who I also supported for two terms by the way) invited to the White House, who were not at all patriotic nor interested in improving America and yet THEY were okay.  But when a citizen/celebrity comes in and praises THIS President AND has great ideas for the country he's not right...he becomes a target of ridicule. I am not impressed with your "logic" of the Dems anymore, basically because you have none. I guess they left, along with your American values.
And where was the Black voice on this panel by the way? Or am I just being silly about this expecting fairness...? 
Oh the desperation of Trump was on full display but in the end it blew up in his orange planet sized face. Kanye did silence Trump for a full 10 minutes so I thank Kanye for those wonderful moments.
Does the name Daniel Pearl ring a bell? What exactly did BO do about his very public beheading? He was busy standing down like he did with Ambassador Stevens - Refusing to send in the cavalry??!! Then blame some dork's homemade video. Always a pass for BO. Never accountable. What if he were white?  That would never fly. So yes, there are 2 standards. We must get past that, but the left requires a downtrodden, dependant lot to stay in power. As for this "journalist", why are you ascribing 1st amendment rights to him? The modern American journalist has the luxury of being able to write just about anything without fear of reprisal. Even the most outlandish ideas are put forward then defended by Ivory-tower types due to your "get out of jail free" card provided by the founding fathers. Kings operate under a different standard. I am NOT sanctioning killing - but that was the reality of his world. He knew the risks. If you are so upset about this guy, why don't you look into the 100's who have died in affiliation with HRC?
It gives me chills when Kanye says I love this guy.  Pres. Trump says I love you too.  Thank you. This open expression of love is Beautiful.  Good people are waking up. The dark side can not oppress anymore.
Please President Trump let Kanye West replace Nikki Haley's position
It should be read as Im going to put the MAGA hat on, and going against the team that was ASSIGNED to me based on my race...
Conservatives should never apologize for being conservatives!!!! They're either black or white!!!!
CNN brings on other black commentators to do the name calling.   The insults directed against Kanye would probably get their white analysts fired.
Black lefties hate Trump because they are racist.

White lefties are racist towards Kanye because they cant control him using the race card
who goes red to blue in 2018??
Over educated stuffy white panelists will never understand how Kanye was a win for MAGA today
WTF is wrong with those two idiots on the left !! West is one hell of a brave person,  but these heads think they are smarter 
This panel is a bunch of idiots. Dumb asses.
Kanye raps about killing cops and you all are applauding this because he loves trumps.  CRAZY
Kanye realized what America really needs. President Trump and not some crazy left-wing communists who want to tell people what they have to think. If they do not they will do everything they can to discredit you. In Kanye's case, it is mental insanity. But they are really just afraid now.
Trump is exploiting the mentally ill man. Kanye lost it when he went cheap and killed his mother.


I want to rob you blind. 

Tune in to fox news to keep thinking your money is safe and still there.  

Do not, do not  watch anything else.  They lie.  

In a few years i will be gone as will your money. 

At that point you can watch whatever the hell you want SUKAS
I know kids who adore Kanye who now think Trump rocks.
Stick me with a fork cause Im DONE! You cant cancel a prep rally or THIS BS FOR FLORIDA and GEORGIA ETC??? Another universe is right KW cause you ARE from another and this is going on in the Oval Office as the President of the United States hears ranting and Mother F***ker this without saying squat. What a circus this is as PEOPLE DYING DOWN HERE IN THE SOUTH MOTHER F***KER!!! HELLO???
Mollie!!
Kanya west talking to Trump is a good thing
I liked that he's right Chicago needs help
Kanye is off 
the plantation and democrats want him back
I want to blow chunks!
kenya maga
trump 2020
kkk rocks
Thats why the demofags have a donkey as theyre mascot cuz theyre jackasses
The Panel is clueless except Mollie... These 2 are still in shell shock!
If the facts are that the Saudi murdered the reporter we must break off with the Saudi we must break off a close friendship this is not acceptable.
Trump and Kanye West are so alike.
Lmao all the russian bots and braindead trump supporters in here. Kanye embarrassed himself and the nation.
Snowflakes melting
Mr. West spoke-up for black man wanting to have self respect that is earned with being able to provide shelter ,food and care of their family's!! Mr. West won my respect ,this is a black man who wants his people free !! The main issue is being able to earn a living as in "JOBS" that is the issue and Mr. West did not scrip around it because without a job that can support a family everything else is secondary!!
Well foxnews isn't owned by a conservitive anymore and they are slowly changing fox news into more liberal.
Why not wait for clear evidence in the case of that journalist?
 
Anything else is speculations and propaganda ...
Trump has turned this into a joke
What articulate and rational statements from a very stable genius.
We can tell which woman is Republican and witch one is Democrat. The life of many over rule the life of one. Wait for the facts. Always time to burn your bridge. If you go to the enemy line there is always consequences and that is part of the risk. Knows facts first and actions if necessary.
Funny how conservatives attack Taylor swift but not kanye
CRINGE CRINGE CRINGE
Since an African American, Kanye, supports Trump. Can we assume that all African Americans are Republican and for Trump
Why surreal? Nixon had a meeting with Elvis at the WH. lol As far as Trump and Blacks, one of the first things Trump did was dump a load of cash on historically Black colleges. More than Obama ever did. And the lowest unemployment numbers for Blacks speak volumes. This is a typical Bret Baier, Never-Trump product. I'm not impressed. Bret should go to work for MSNBC.
If Obama had a son................
Dont you mean raps
Hes not really a singer is he. 
I wonder how many pathetic republicans rush out to purchase Kanye West albums now that hes part of 
Team Trump
Although , watching or listening to any entertainment as a whole, has got to be a dismal experience for your side. 
98 percent of the entertainment industry hates your guts
kanye is right. and these people in suits that can't see past black and white spew the same bullshit every year.
Well done Kanye and President Trump...the left must be imploding 
It all was RUINED when Kayne used the words "Mother Fucker" right in the presidents face. I have lost all respect for Kayne from that point on. He couldn't refrain from the most common getto expression out of respect for the Oval Office. I call BULLSHIT on that.
did you know trump supporters grew up in schools that were hit the hardest by budget cuts by republicans
I felt like I was back in college sitting in a PSYCH 101 class, listening to people speak passionately about crazy crap, lost in a fog of pseudo science, while the overhead lights gave off a hypnotic humming buzz, questing what their flicker rate might be set at, or anticipating a Pavlov bell to sound off, in a heavily glitched matrix.
What are we going to do in pose sanctions on Saudi Arabia if they killed this journalist. They will just throw it t back in our face our Crown prince and princess Clinton has killed so many people it's not even funny. Thank God they're not in power anymore
Can't wait to see if and when Kanye turns on him .. 
What trump will say or do...
Where's the shut up and rap .. 
Or shut up and make shoes ... 
What happen .???
Racism is a creation of the Dem/media that tries to control the masses and the narrative ...It isnt how most people see things but the narrative and the daily agenda provided by the deep state wants America divided..
Where can I buy 10 of those Kanye hats?
Notice Amy never really says anything its blather. Why is she on the show?
Im a latina and i support trump.
FOX, are you guys this desperate to try to prove that Trump isnt a racist pig??You guys and the president may want to use someone else from African American pop culture other than this nutcracker!! Hes needs to be in a nut house, not the White House!!
Heard a poll that 35% of blacks support Trump.  Up from 23% a year ago.  "Late in the game" huh?  Blow me lefty.
The brunette with long hair needs her own show, she's too smart for this panel
Obama loves celebrities too.  Anyone with a brain understands the power of celebrities.
Kanye is amazing!!!
Lets see how the socialists treat Kanye for leaving the plantation.
My guess is he will end up in their Gulag real soon.
Why can't we believe in what we want to believe in. You got furry's acting like animals and no one protest that.
The dude in the middle is clueless.
Molly Hemingway is the best.  So articulate, well reasoned.
Looking at the Swift/Kanye fiasco way back when with a different perspective
I had zero respect for Kanye b4 this. But now it's 100%. Go Trump Kanye team.
R u kidding me. ..the Washington post scumbag is missing. ..lol good, one less fake news mouthpiece. ..I know it sounds mean...but I get to be mean in a free country!
Nice job kanye. ..maga
Trump administration was taking advantage of a man with a mental illness. They should truly be ashamed.
Every time I see Don Lemons  head It seems his head is really turning into a lemon 
Kanye for Taylor anyday! You can have him.
Yep lests support and idot with no qualifications  who supports a racist idot no qualifications why black people even vote is beyond pointless racists dont effect him because hes rich and does not connect with black people in reality why dont u go to work at Ferguson oh wait black people live their
These panel of people are idiots! typical lib media! Kanye was very genuinely happy with our President! He loves & respects what he has done so!
Yes! Please Fox News - defend kanye!! You all are brilliant!
If Kanye love Trump. Then I love Trump too.
The media is proving the points he made by their reaction alone. I think he is way smarter than they give him credit for.
We need to accept this fact. It is Red or Blue. Like it or not. This is the new reality.
Better late than Never....
Thank you Kanye, very cool.
Crazy mother fucker like Kanye 
I'm a Republican so there are still those of us who are not cemented in a camp. I say this because I believe that Trump will be the downfall of this country, at least for a period of time. I cannot accept or respect a man of his character as my President. It's as simple as that. I cannot turn my head. I cannot blindly follow. I am an educated woman who cringes when I see the UN laughing at him, when I hear his barely coherent speeches. Many of his own cabinet have stated he is a moron, before the Republican congress decided that their own political aspirations, power and perks made them his toadies most of them publicly and privately called him a moron. My party has been hijacked by hate, anger, suspicion and stupidity. Where do I go from here? I'm not a Democrat, never will be, but how do I support this party and sleep at night?
The 2 people on the left side of screen don't get it! Why is it that most of the press miss all the big points? Americans understand what Trump is doing, while folks in DC and the media miss it all! They arrogantly speak to each other and themselves and ignore all the great stuff that happens. Trump is way ahead of them, and the best president we've ever seen!
Once again reporters running their mouths clueless about everything that is outside Washington
The guy on the left is a pathetic blowhard...men like him are so bleh
learn how to tell the truth Media. Expose Evil
Amy and Josh are shills.  Can't give credit where credit is due.
"Wide ranging".
Interesting way to describe
rambling, incoherent, 
pointless babble. 
And Kanye wasn't any better.
These guys are so full of it, worthless, Trump has been working on prison reform and doing something about it for some time now.
FAT BASTARD ON PANEL IS A MORON!!!!!! KANYE THE BLACK GUY VISITS SO TRUMP SHOULD TALK ABOUT CRIMINALS??????
Doesn't 45 have something better to do with his time? Didn't a hurricane just devistate Florida?  Wait....let's hear what Kanye has to say first!
For every one of the DNC......there are fifteen thousand of us REPS........AMEN
Thank God 2 attention seeking millionaires with daddy issues hugged each other, everything is now right in the world. Hey does anyone know why a pan's handle is important?
He has won over African Americans he's the most honest President
Kanye needs help.   Help and meds.
I don't need a spin from neurotic  commentators. I saw it. I heard it for my self.
He made him super man....wtf!
Not the maggot hat team ?!
Yeah, Trump plays catch with Baron ...they use a bean bag while sitting in chairs, to prevent bone spurs...it's a hereditary thing....
Donye...the bromance 
Hey, Kanye Superman West! Keep wearing the MAGA hat! YEESSS!!!  MAGA! 
KANYETRUMPAMERICA
TRUMP AND KANYE BOTH HAVE AIDS FROM RAPING KIDS
You have no idea what issues were discussed behind closed doors. So don't sit there and say issues didn't get talked about, you were not in the Oval Office with them after lunch.
YONDHI by Yon World  on Apple Music and Spotify OUT NOW
This panel is brain dead by the way. They really don't get it!
Kanye is more knowledgeable than he is given credit for by the Dimm MOB.   Kanye has busted down the MOB door. Yay.  Americans are proud of you, Kanye.
She or "it" keeps scratching crabs maybe??
These 3 men did a great thing. Make the world a better place.
And so and so and so...
The evil left-handed lefties are run by Mobsters from Chicago is it a surprise that they run mobs? No I'm so glad the criminal is finally leaking out of there fake facade Maga baby all the way
The new MLK
IT IS about what side you are on!  Are you on the AMERICA FIRST team or the "America was never that great team"??? When each political party makes such disparaging opinions there can be no ambiguity.
I am exited like Kanye West surrounded by haters
What a clown car moderated by Don Lemon
Go Kanye!! Peace and love
Was disgusted what I just saw on CNN about this interview 
They literally called him Negro
Thank you Mr West and Mr Brown. This panel is filled with wackos. Historic what you men accomplished today.
I'm all about Kanye I'm all for him 100%%% I support him for 2020 for president
hey bro  KAYNE welcome to the winning side bro.
Too late?  Trump is not even two years in yet.  Lots of time.
OK stupid America keep messing with the Saudi Country! They are keeping gas prices low now. If these US senators hit them with any kind of penalties your gallon of gas will be $6.00 a gallon. Talking about shooting yourself in the foot!
Cringe!
Shows you Pres Trump is not racist.
Man that is awesome Kanye hugging Trump. I want to buy Kanye albums now. Kanye gets it!!
All I can think of is what Brother Malcom X said about the house negro and field negro.
Welcome to Great America of corruption and apathy  where thugs rule and the elite and privilege buy and sell laws and regulations and justice has a price. My Fellow Americans VOTE VOTE VOTE
 WWG1WGA 
That is a good man
Where did they get these guests? I think this was an awesome moment. I want a MAGA hat now. Not a huge rap fan, but I love his passion.
Kanye for the United Nations
Whats mr.amy doing on fox?... he is a pbs liberal
Sounds like a crack head to me
I like to see what would happen if Fox said Beyonce & Jay Z is what happens when negros dont read...
I absolutely love it.....Great job Kanye and Prez Trump...I love you to man....both of you!
Won't take Turkey for its word but people jumped on Ford's story as gospel lol
Pray for kanye (((they))) are coming for him
"Late in the game?" Trump has 6 more years fekstick.
kenya you are super stupid .
I HEARD KANYE AND TRUMP BLOW EACH OTHER DAILY
Go Kanye... Love is in the air... I just got my Make America Great Again HAT.
Less than smart people will think this manic episode is awesome when in fact it is sad he's admittedly bipolar and clearly off his meds
And still people don't get it though. They want to get passed the votes. Get past sides. One. This is something bigger than it seems.
What happens when the last right leaning MSM goes liberal?  And all the right leaning people get censored on social media and internet searches.  Hence, Googles leak about "The Good Censor".
Can't watch this LEFTIST scum
Are these guys for real? SMH
The GREAT President Obama very wisely called Kanye West a JACKASS and President Obama was 100% CORRECT!!!
Smh that he said he likes hrc 
Smh that he said he likes hrc 
Its not a missed opportunity! Its never too late and hes open to hearing solutions!
Oh my gosh, enough of the racist bullshT for crying out loud!  Like Kayne says, we're all ONE!!  And nfn, but POTUS WON even w/the old admins cheating, so they've got noooo chance of  A-N-Y O-N-E beating him NOW!!  Rock Star Status, lol
Florida drowning kanye ain't nobody. ..
Let Kanye be Kanye and Trump be Trump.  At least their hearts are in the right place.  They both sincerely love this country and will do their very best for the greater good.  Americans get uncomfortable when too much emotion is expressed in public but it's better than someone who presents well while covering up psychopathic motives.
Kanye, Secretary of Boo-Tay!
They dismembered the journalist :(
If trump acts against the saudis, hes imprudent. If he doesnt, hes weak.
I just don't see any way out of this madness for the US! You're gone!
Maybe they talked about the issues of criminal justice reform during their lunch you fuckin dummies.
This is so odd with the kidnapped saudi journalist... the saudi prince who allegedly ordered the hit job has implemented the change he promised to his country and to the obsolete muslim world. 

In terms of human rights, women can now drive cars, they now have no need for a male chaperone and he has also eliminated other minor gender-related  backward customs in saudi arabia. 
The saudi prince recognizes that wahhabism emaniating from the kingdom is the major source of islamist extremism affecting the world, he has also revealed that royal families in yemen and qatar are sources of funding for terrorists. 
He arrested the elite rich families in saudi arabia who have enriched themselves via corruption and theft and forced them to return some of their wealth back to where it belongs.

Khashoggi the reporter was a pain in the ass for the prince, who knows if he was an operative for the old establishment, status-quo royal families in saudi arabia who's job was to stop social progress in the kingdom.
This Amy woman is stupid or what? Their meeting was supposed to be lunch only to talk about several issues, not to give the media concrete announcements.
So it's been a fake from the very beginning? Right! There is nothing left! America is dead!
FAKE NEWS, THE WET,VERY WET STORM DID NOT HAPPEN!
If Trump can get Kim Jong to the table I hope he gets Colin to the table for a conversation.
Why do you both think that about black people and our country I finally felt good a little better about things and your 2 guests are dream crushers and also I am with Kanye and his passion
Don't stop arms sales. Make them sell oil at 10% off going market price. Why hurt two economies? Do you think Iran would want higher oil prices? Who would benefit?  We would, all around.
This is just so embarrassing! I don't know what to say! It's not scary, it's embarrassing!
Idiocracy movie part 2, USA has gone crazy, all because of diet, lack of education & exercise.
Unlike this man here....I think Kanye did this at just the RIGHT time.Just because people ON THE LEFT aren't backing off physically DOES NOT mean they're not RETHINKING.
So what! you all need to lighten up some!!! No wonder why the world is going crazy! Stop the nonsense and just take it as an easy moment in the hectic life of our Hardworking President!  He has so much on his plate and all you can say is a bunch of Nonsense!
They're selling Lemons again over at fake news CNN.
Lefties hate those who wont play the victim card
Puppets on the right! Puppets on the left! America. Land of the free? Land of opportunity? Yet only two choices.
Socialism without Capitalism begets Communism. Capitalism without Socialism begets Fascism. You are BOTH SIDES OF THE AISLE...wrong. Pray for a large asteroid impact.
Kanye West SUCKS. I'll never buy his music again.
Wasn't Ye supposed to talk about prison reform? His Oval Office performance won't get out the black vote for the GOP. Just sayin'.
Free drinks? Kanye, no body knows what the shits.
If a democrat capitalized on a mental breakdown like this all of the commentators would be outraged. This whole story is pathetic and sad
Problem is,he could be working for Obama now Obama will try his come back
YELL IT LIKE IT IS - KANYE IS TOO HONEST AND THE PANEL ON CNN ARE HOUSE NEGROES.
JUDGE K MAKING THE CONSTITUTION SAFE AGAIN AND RESTORING THE RULE OF LAW IS A STRONG FEELING!!
Pure comedy... lmao
Not only did Kanye West praise President Trump, but he told him that he loved him and gave him a hug. That is something else! President Trump has a way with people...either you love him or you hate him. I personally think President Trump is absolutely Great! Love from Quebec, Canada.
Kanye is a genius
See, conservatives aren't racist. They just showed Trump with a black man. And also conservatives don't hate lgbt, they let a gay person speak in their convention. Also Trump is married to a woman, he loves women, he's not a sexist. The fact that these people are around Trump means he's not racist, it doesn't matter what he said or did in the past. He's not racist, even though he didn't allow black people to rent in his building in the 70's.
Liberal lefties hate Kanye because he wont play the victim card
The only real color problem worldwide is green.need to give up the race card all colors have been here for years and years to come.come together
Media is still the media.   The Fox opinion from the guest was nonsense but at least they aren't reporting it as fact.   Its not about race, its about people vs the establishment.   We ARE winning
We just want black people to think for themselves!!

one does

Oh my God what is he doing?!
Seeing, action and experiencing not just hearing words will be the only thing.  No more words.
Hey lady the Trump America is the one we want it about kills you to tey to say something nice about the moment your worried that trump might get some more of the African American vote which if the black communities have been paying attention they see that Trump has keeped his word and unemployment is at a all tume low for our wonderful black communities
Demokkkrats are the dividers, violence, hate, hypocrisy, filth..100%.
Mollie was the only one I could listen to--the other 2 are American Communist reporters.
FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS FAKE NEWS  I guess you idiots didn't watch anything but your cut up clip. Kanye talked about criminal everything.. Never Trumper Brett & Buds..
That fat Miss Piggy is really mad!
Fox is like all the rest, never give proper reporting on something that is in your face Amazing and right out the gate that POS starts off with some BS side show . Thank you Kanye for standing up for what you believe in and supporting our President and our country 
And to Fox 
 this hat gives me power white powa white powa! 
The libturds that own and run Fox are mad)
Kanye has found a real father figure in President Trump. He is excited because our President gives him attention, listens to him and he need Kanye to appeal to blacks. It's a wonderful relationship.
It did look like a circus. The meeting was a joke. Kim, who loves the media, had a more private meeting. Kanye just rambled on. I don't think Trump took him seriously. He wanted a show and he got one.
Perfect match  2 hombres  locos
The minute someone disagrees with the far left it's mental issue as the cause sad how low someone goes absolutely low
LMAO
ELECT A CLOWN EXPECT A FKING CIRCUS,,,,lol
Unreal - excuses for a fruitcake
I don't know why ANYONE cares what Kanye has to say about ANYTHING.   He's obviously not a well educated person.   

Here in L.A., we've dropped all of his music from our radio stations.   Our listeners say he's lost his credibility with his "minstrel show" tap dancing routine for his white master Trump.
Mollie.. I love you you just hit the bulls eye
There's a HUGE voter base that Kanye has influence over. Don't underestimate the power of this media event. Trump didn't keep The Apprentice on the air for as long as he did if he didn't know how "Reality TV" can get you thinking
WYF  his own race beating him down !!!!!!!!   Go Kanye  go TRUMP
We are not Polarized, this is the Misconception we the American Citizen want a rule of law applied to many aspects of being American, the racist attitude is not as bad as lefty would like for us to believe, We love all Americans, and My Choice this go around was TRUMP PENCE  for President ,simple the left has made it about racism, and all sorts of Horseshit.
It's always funny to hear stupid White people try to describe what Blacks are feeling.  LMAO!! You guys are just racists fools that don't know SH*T about Blacks. You don't even see us as individuals with a mind of our own, instead you only see us as a group with a hive-mind. This, unfortunately proves that MOST Whites are inherently racist and bigots and even the well-meaning Whites are basically no better than the Klan. To say what Kanye did today was too late and had no effect is very foolish and stupid.

Yeah, Kanye has an eclectic way of expressing himself, but many Blacks understand this and can interpret what he means and were touched by his love for the president.  Here's a suggestion...unless you can truly understand what it means to be Black and have walked in our shoes, STFU trying to tell us, or anyone else what "impact" Kanye or anyone else has on our community. This is the problem with Whites of both the DemonKKKrats and the Republicans. Just STFU and watch what happens. You don't know or understand sh*t about us, so STFU!
Thousand of people loses their house in FL, Thousand of building are being tore in FL,  a Washington Post journalist is missing in Saudi Arabia and Trump is exploiting a mental illness man Kanye West for political score. The Republicans are super desperate. SAD. 
PS - More reason why there will be a massive BLUE WAVE!.
Keep it up...
"Playing Parts?" What the hell is she talking about? It's not about playing at all; it's not about Race. it's about LIVES. Since when is it "not the right time for the President?" It's not about campaign strategy...it's about the PEOPLE. The People were in the house today...the Oval Office to be exact. That's what Presidency is supposed to be about...not his own gain, and our President loved it...and we loved him for it.
I can't wait to see Kanye trying to hug The old mummy Grassley. Grassley:  Guard GUARD  Police ANYone call the plantation director, there is a slave in the senate, hurry hurry he try to stab me in the back.
Kanye made a great point about Liberals trying to control people through talk of racism.
It was so nice of trump to take timeout from watching tv, tweeting, an holding klan rallys, to entertain the mentally disturbed. Trump isnt racist, he loves trash of all colors
I know what side I'm on...how bout you..??  RED TSUNAMI coming right up...Haha.  bury these scumbag libtards
I Mr. West. Thank you for not being afraid.
Kanye may feel like a super hero, but Mollie Hemmingway is super cute.
It was sad....
It was embarrassing...
I feel sorry for West because he's smart but because right now he needs a lil bit of help, terrible no one close to home is doing that. His close friends and family are letting him sink so low with not helping when he's on need...
So sad...
...then you have a room full of white people actually laughing at him....
Wow, where is his family realizing this was nothing but optics...
But more embarrassing.....

Sad.....

Wow...
Democrats are going apeshit because they are getting their slaves freed by Republicans for a second time in the same century.
Trump/pence/Kanye 2020
Kanye West is dangerous. No one should listen to him
Iam listening to this guy on the panel  also cnn they have nothing positve to say or bring to the table just division n hate  what s wrong with them if you dont love america just leave  you are so bore ing . MAGA thank s mr president  jobs jobs jobs  win win win
Kanye and Trump share the gift of bipolar narcissism as well as the ability to spew nonsensical verbal diarrhea. Whats not to enjoy?
Personally, I think this makes Trump look weak.  Kanye took over that office.  He was loud and cursing and Trump just sat there.
Keep this angry dude woman off fox. Send her back to msnbc.
Hey Viv, does your mother know  you play with sharp objects?
For us few independent thinkers who don't let modern day slavery  stop us from reading.. I mean, thinking... Thank u, Kanye & Trump. Proud to be an American.
How the hell does the 3rd lady know what kanye and trump were gonna talk about stfu you idiot
Late in the game? The game is still on !
The Democrats still want control of the blacks one way or the other .
They are the true white supremacist ! Thinking for you as whites ! Ultimate racist ! 
All arguments made on behalf of blacks are white Hollywood stars, Democrats, White school professors and white news media! 
And they have the audacity to call trump and republican racists! If you cant think for yourselves, you are indeed a slave!!! Well done Kanye!!
JUST THE BEGINING KANYE OPENED EYES TO THE REALNESS OF OUR PRESIDENT AND HOW EASY HE IS TO LISTEN AND WORK WITH GOOD JOB KANYE
The woman in the middle is right about one thing though....you need to pick a side; there is no middle. This is good vs evil and it's only going to get worse. The enemies of God will ultimately be destroyed.
He was talking about other dimensions and how the president should have the new i Plane, 13 Ammendment and 13th floor. WTF?
We know Koonye is only 3/5's of a human being, but he does make sense.
Wow bash Kanye much libtards.
Red maggot team??4:11 libtardsalways show there true intentions.
So funny how they edited this! It was like having a a press conference with The President and a celebrity who seems hes on bath salts!
VOTE RED PATRIOTS TIME TO GET THE DEM COMMUNIST PARTY OUT OF OFFICE.
An astounding new report called "Hidden Tribes" which was discussed recently in "the Atlantic" indicates that only 8% of Americans consider themselves "progressive activists" and showed that 70-80% of Americans dislike the PC culture in every age and ethnic group. Fully 67% of respondents who fall into the category of the "Exhausted Majority" plus 25% who are considered conservative (that's 92% in total) are not in agreement with the tactics of the left, especially when it comes to curbing free speech. Yet MSM would have you believe that half the country supports the lunatic leftist PC ideology. It's a lie and it certainly comes to light here in this clip when 2 of these "pundits" dismiss what happened at the Oval Office today. The report is fascinating. Hope you take the opportunity to review it.
My my.....many of these people that are telling us what to think are quite clueless!
Kanye woke up and left the plantation of  the Democratic Party. So what's wrong with that? Let the man speak for himself. In other words...y'all liberals can kiss his black ass! Bwahahahahahahahahahahahahahahaha!
At least Trump is down with the folks.
F**k this panel!
First guy is an absolute idiot
So Negro is the new description being used by the left as a replacement for black Republicans?  Come on over to  a kinder and gentlerAmerica  if you want Freedom and prosperity, vote Republican in November! 
Kanye>Rest Of Hollywood
Some of these talking heads do not understand the significance of Kanye wearing a MAGA hat. He is signifying to black people to step outside of yourselves. Think for yourselves. He is literally trying to free the black mind and it is poetic.
Lmao Amy. I already knew what she was going to say before she spoke
It is polarizing to you Amy because, we, who voted for the President, don't wan't to live your shitty way of life.
Kanye West was a complete basket case in the oval office.
This tight-sphincter little locked-up mouthpiece Josh, needs to have a beer with the boys on the street and get his mind out of the bubble. He do not get reality.
Maybe things are changing in USA and Racism is on it way out and is being replaced by Trust and Sincerity 
OK!, I might see the corrupt "news" networks' point on this brotha'.
Your entire  panel is IGNORANT!!! Wake up!!!! OMG that was awesome what Kanye did today!!!
Trump knows what he is doing.  Amy Walter and Josh Kraushaar are idiots.  Kanye and Trump were meeting before Trump was president.  This didn't just happen today.
Kanye is the man.   Red wave coming. Trump 2020!!!!  Come on Californians. Lets vote Red!!!!!
We are all Americans and should be treated equally and color of our skin should never be mentioned.
Kanye wants to support Trump, fine. But give someone else that platform, like Colion Noir.
Its time to cut ties with the Saudi government. They continue to have some of the worst human rights violations on the planet.
Foxnews propaganda . Kanye's rambling crazy speech was SO cringe worthy. Foxnews did a lot of editing to make Kanye look sane on those clips.
PROTECT POLLING STATIONS, PRESIDENT TRUMP! The Democrats WILL try to rig this election.
Lmao imagine being a conservative waking up today from a 10-year coma and turning on Fox News.
So many haters in the comments. Why so much hate!? This is a great moment. Lots of positive things happening in our country every day. This is an Amazing time for America.
Maggie sounds like a Trump hater. Interesting?
Amy Walter is one of these obnoxious know-it-all who got put in her place. Thanks Mollie!
MORE MIX MARTIAL ARTS IN BIG CITIES! ANYTHING THAT TEACHES DISCIPLINE WILL IMPROVE A CITY! LIKE KANYE SAID YOU NEED OTHER OPPORTUNITIES BESIDES CRIME TO MAKE A LIVING! MORE JOBS AND ACTIVITIES TO TAKE PEOPLE AWAY FROM CRIME!
If we had an honest media that would truthfully promote this meeting encouraging people to unite in love to help each other it would unite us.  The mockingbird MSM agenda is to keep us divided.  Turn off the mind control media and Q the truth.  The power of prayer  and love  will unite us.
that was a fantastic funnyconversation why they have to tide everything to the politic ??? Even FOX!!!!!!!!!
like white folks care about this clown...2018 and still acting like a slave..
how embarrassing
Good thing there's not a stock market plunge to talk about. We wouldn't want it to distract from all the winning.
Mollie Hemingway as always the only sane person on the panel!
This is Great and I respect Kanye fo stepping up and taking a stand!!!!!!!!
Amy Walter really!  You think Kanye said he is going against his team... you don't know what the hell you're saying ...As a minority like me am I going against my race because I voted for Trump.. There are alot of different minorities that voted for Trump..that is offensive. .
How bout a hug
you cant spin crazy negro somebody screwed up letting that happen. wow
wait in another year, two faced celebs will begin to say how awesome trump is, even though they bashed him for years
Liberals Democrats are the ass Cancer of America.
NO MORE KANYE
The panel ia a lot of short sighted dirt bags.. Nothing but negative statements.
kanye is a hero!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
people will literally shoot kanye for this
Kanye + Kardashian + TRUMP== = Reality TV White House.
Join me today as a member, contact me on Facebook under name Rick Bos 
a.k.a Ibrica Begic. Democratic Cultural Socialist Roman empire is 
active, hail Ibrica Begic
Why is pee wee Herman so triggered??
ONLY 26 DAYS until mid-term elections Nov 6th, 2018!  Vote REPUBLICAN Nov 6 2018, call family friends neighbors relatives, drive them to polls, help them w mail in ballots.  Democrats threaten America, favor illegal aliens over citizens, globalism over Americanism, guilty until proven innocent w/o evidence.  Vote Red-Keep America Great by Voting Republican! I love Kanye West!
Saw it as spontaneous, and helpful, beginning now.Trump is REAL, not a fake like H. Clinton. The Blue Team s problem is that it stinks, and prefers illegal aliens to the US Citizens, even keeping Black America in the Democrat Plantation. Your guest cannot see good where there is some to be seen.
Conservatives aren't racist because they welcome anyone of any color. Liberals are racist because they demand you must be of a certain color
Late in the game is quite a negative attitude
the Kanye show in white house was sad to watch....... he made no sense  topic to topic  ,,,,,  if this is an example of the so called base the country is worse shape as 1st thought
There's also tons of Hispanics/Latinos supporting and voting for President Trump.
Kanye better be carefull or he'll end up "committing" suicide.
I'm so proud of you Kanye. Thank you bruhh. MAGA
"I hate Hollywood elites & Taylor Swift's a know nothing,  Dixie Chick, America Hating Sell out!" -Trump Supporter 10/07/18
"Our T.V. star POTUS is the best and that Kanye guy is beyond brilliant" - Trump supporter 10/11/18
I got an idea for Criminal Justice Reform... Stop committing crimes!!
On the pane...l Mollie Hemingway.... Was the only one.... Seeing  something good!!!... The the other two pannelist... Are mouth pieces  for the left...... They found nothing good!!!!.....if the DEMOCRATS...would stop screaming like SPOILED little kids..... And actually sit down and discuss AMERICA..... KANYE.. IS ABSOLUTELY RIGHT!!!!!
can you hear the sugma?
this guy josh is something...we dont know, so why have a knee jerk reaction......liberals
Omg Kanye is mental.
He's already won lots of black support!
Great episode of 'Uncle Tom's Cabin'  Starring Kanye West.
Latinos for Donald J Trump
Trump really loves surreal because trump lives in surrealism everyday. Not true there is not a ton of Hispanics supporting Cruz or trump.
who is this woman.......trump has done more for america than obama ever thought about.....give me a break
Kanye has the Liberal Media throwing a fit and its hilarious.
CNN triggered. Editorial page.
You're not to be so blind with patriotism that you can't face reality. Wrong is wrong, no matter who does it or says it
Malcolm X
Why these liberals are invited to discuss what conservatives are doing? Are you expecting to say something good about it? Shame on you FoxNews!
This didnt take long at all, the CRAZYS have spoken,some racial disgusting comments about Kanye West.He support GOP, so hes no longer Black.
I thought Republicans want celebrities to stay out of politics? Of course they mean stay out of politics if your not supportive of the dear leader 45
Stupid analists on this panel, are they getting paid for this BS?!
Amazingly stupid
If President Trump immediately reacted harshly to Saudi then you'd have somebody on that said he was wreckless and didn't use enough caution.  Just shut up
LOOK AROUND YOU YOU'R AT CNN WITH LEMON NOBODY CARES WHAT YOU HAVE TO SAY AFTER NOVEMBER 6 NONE OF YOU WILL HAVE A JOB
The separation is the sorting of the wheat from the tares.
Yeah you have to pick a side occasionally and it's called The Winning Side for America do me a favor would you get these Bush bumpers in these soy boys off your commentary because they're really ridiculous
United states militia stand ready ...on November 6th the dems will show their desperation and send their well organized troops out in every major city to riot and terrorize potential voters to suppress the opposing vote in the midterms !!!!   
                     Trump can declare martial law and keep it on indefinitely ,until the election is redone constitutionally and our voters can safely get to the polls and vote these tyrannical dems out of office !!!! Trust me America ,there will be civil unrest !!!, it is "ALL THEY HAVE LEFT" to gain power again ....what have they got to lose ,we will be the ones getting beaten and maybe worse !!!,while the liberal media stokes the flames to frighten millions of voters out of voting !!!!
                      Be ready to stand with our militia and meet this attempt to overtake our country ...it is our "CONSTITUTIONAL RIGHT AMERICA" !!! WE WILL NOT GO QUIETLY IN THE NIGHT"  this November 6th !!!   Be ready to stop this threat once and for all ,then we can finally live our lives without these tyrannical liberals calling us names and attacking our chosen leaders !!! We will be free !!!!  MAGA !!!  Keep your powder dry America !!! You may need it !!!!!!!
AMY IS SUCH A TRUMP HATER, WHAT THE HELL IS BRET DOING WITH HER ON HIS SHOW...
A world famous black male rapper that supports Trump > liberal kryptonite
Kanye West going full Love.  I don't like lying Trump, but I do like the turnaround of someone like Kanye after those I'ma let you finish shenanigans
I feel the dems eggs are starting to get peeled !!
I've been watching fox news clips since early this morning.  Unlike everything else I have seen, you all ate really boring.
Dems who is the Racist???    Somehow the CRAZY  leftist are going to find something to criticize and demoralized MrTrump & K. West.
Cory Booker, Booker Plantation CEO
Can't wait for the snl sketch of this
WTF why are they not celebrating? this is fantastic and they are down playing it, how sad!!
Yay! Super Christian Trump!
What if hes cia and he injected trump? Im surprised he was able to just walk up and hug him without ppl freaking out?
Let me take a wild guess, the lady with the short hair and pants suit is a Leftist
Mollie is right. Under the NDAA the US government can do this, and has... And nobody cares.
TRUMPSTER!!!
too many people want to push a war. Trump is smart to wait for more info.
Did she say red magott hat team?
Amy Walters milk toast as usual. Has no opinion that ever matters
What this country needs right now is more Kanye West Praise videos and less Hurricane Michael Devastation videos. Thanks Fox.
Dems really like trump don't want to admit it
KANYE WEST IS THE MONICA LEWINSKY OF 2018.
Let's all sing  "All we are saying .....is give ---violence a chance"  Isn't that the motto of the left?   I loved seeing Kanye hug Trump.  I'm tired of all this division the left constantly stirs.  It's time for us to come together and heal.
Dems are Crying right Now! Calling him a Negro and attention whore really Sad!!!
A type of Stockholm syndrome.
The reason we now need to get on the "red team' is because the blue team has become batshit crazy and they are obstructing Trump from getting things done and they are even against law and order.
A bold move business-wise for Kanye (not syaing it's pure business).
One goal may be to monopolize the probable majority Trump-supporting black pool.
Black unemployment went from 12.7 to 7.8% under Obama. 7.8 to 6% under trump. Trump INHERITED the longest running economic recovery in history
IT'S THE PLANET OF THE APES MEETS THE LAST DAYS OF THE THIRD REICH.
Let the clowns commence into their circle jerk.........
What's a Konyay Rapper. I've never listened to anything along those line on purpose.
This just proves that "Kanye West" is a sellout & an "Uncle Tom" too!
Why is he yelling?  That's one angry black man if you ask me. ..
Trump 2020
Wait someone with a blond wig and fake blue eyed contacts challenging someone's blackness. CNN is a joke and of course fox has the angry androgynous one on panel.,  I guess she is the off shoot of the counter to Don fruit lemon
this panel is clueless.  This was a huge moment.  Once again, the media majors in the minor stuff and minors in the major stuff.
What a sad display of 2 mentally ill narcissistic men feeding off each other.
God help the USA
Troll time. WAHHHH. KEEP ON CRYING
Trump! Is a little boy.
They Kanye rant sounded incoherent cause he trying to fit about 300 different topics in one discussion .  Kanye  talk about  criminal justice , political affiliation ,  business failures, prison reform, Hillary , crime rate , innovation in planes , drugs etc...it's was too much . He should have pick one important issue and stay with it probably ....it was sad to watch . But Kanye means well ...he being used . But the black community turn their back on omarosa , Kanye , and candance owens . This isn't going to help you get black voters .... once you have kkk, white nationalist , nazie , alt right as REGISTER republican and your saying ppl who are nazies are as bad as ppl fighting nazies, it's hard for minorities to go to the Republican Party especially when the party is trying to cut medicad , disability , social secruity , food stamps , nutrition , housing and education while giving tax cuts to the rich .....no rational person is going to vote for that
YES KANYE!!!!! MAGA 

This is what happens when you put two people in a room who are constantly being told they're geniuses and obviously are not.
So sad media will twist this positivity into a negative thing, but people are waking up and seeing the truth.
if media can not grasp they are the enemy they sure see who is a friend, and that scares them.....
Kanye is mentally unstable. Where is Kelly Dan CONway? Thats one honest dude right there.
zionist gave him fame and debt dollars..he sold his soul and it was equivalent to a toy in a happy meal...devils flocking together
Two narcissit who want to be like and always want attention . The conservatives wanted him dead after and called him ignorant when he said bush don't like black ppl and he took the spotlight from Taylor on stage......now their calling him smart and free thinker and Taylor ignorant ....celebrities opinion only  matter if they BENEFIT your political agenda . Conservative logic
Communist heads are exploding !!!!!!!!!!!
